<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1915328_0001104659-23-045944.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1603187</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>697503</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>48169</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>741456</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-045944.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417090017
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-045944
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Israel Acquisitions Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001915328
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				873587394
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41593
		FILM NUMBER:		23822988

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12600 HILL COUNTRY BLVD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING R, SUITE 275
		CITY:			BEE CAVE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(512) 287-1871

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12600 HILL COUNTRY BLVD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING R, SUITE 275
		CITY:			BEE CAVE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78738

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-045944.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 tm2310236d1_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the Fiscal Year ended
December 31, 2022 

 OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission File Number
001-41593 

ISRAEL ACQUISITIONS CORP 

 (Exact name of registration as specified in
its charter) 

Cayman
 Islands 
 87-3587394 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or
 organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

12600 Hill Country
 Blvd, Building R, Suite 275 
 Bee Cave, Texas 
 78738 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(800) 508-1531 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Units,
 each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one redeemable warrant 
 
 ISRLU 
 
 The Nasdaq
 Stock Market LLC 
 
 Class A
 ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share 
 
 ISRL 
 
 The Nasdaq
 Stock Market LLC 
 
 Redeemable
 warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, each at an exercise price of 11.50 per share 
 
 ISRLW 
 
 The Nasdaq
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: NONE 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T (17 CFR 232.405) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large Accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of
the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

As of March 31, 2023, the aggregate market
value of the Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was
 154,856,625 based on the 10.23 closing sale price of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares on such date. 

As of March 31, 2023, there were 15,137,500 Class A ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share issued and outstanding. 

Documents incorporated by reference : NONE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I 

6 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 6 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 63 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 63 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 63 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 63 
 
 Part II 

64 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s
 Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 64 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 65 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 66 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk 
 69 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data 
 70 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 70 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 70 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 70 

Item
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding
 Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 71 
 
 Part III 

72 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive
 Officers and Corporate Governance 
 72 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 79 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of
 Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 80 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 81 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting
 Fees and Services 
 84 
 
 Part IV 

84 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial
 Statement Schedules 
 84 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 86 

2 

CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 

Unless otherwise stated or unless the context
otherwise requires, the terms we, us, our or the Company refer to Israel Acquisitions
Corp, an exempted limited company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless
the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association are to the second amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association that the company adopted prior to the consummation
 of the Initial Public Offer; 

Annual
 Report on Form 10-K are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
 year ended December 30, 2022; 

BTIG 
 are to BTIG, LLC the representative of the underwriters; 

Class A
 ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B
 ordinary shares are to our Class B Ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Companies
 Act are to the Companies Act (2022 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may
 be amended from time to time; 

founder
 shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to the Sponsor in
 a private placement prior to the Initial Public Offering and the Class A ordinary shares
 that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at
 the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof
 (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares are not public shares ); 

Initial
 Public Offering are to our initial public offering of 14,375,000 units, at a price
 of 10.00 per unit, including the issuance of 1,875,000 units as a result of the underwriter s
 exercise of its over-allotment option in full, which we consummated on January 18, 2023,
 generating gross proceeds to us of 143,750,000; 

initial
 shareholders are to our Sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior
 to the Initial Public Offering (or their permitted transferees); 

Investment
 Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

ordinary
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private
 placement shares are to the Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the private
 placement units; 

private
 placement units are to the units issued to the Sponsor, BTIG, Exos Capital LLC, and
 Jones Trading Institutional Services LLC in a private placement simultaneously with the closing
 of the Initial Public Offering, which private placement units are identical to the units
 sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the private placement units are subject
 to certain limited exceptions as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; 

private
 placement warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the private placement units; 

public
 shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including the Sponsor and management
 team to the extent the Sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares,
 provided that the Sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as
 a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in Initial
 Public Offering (whether they were purchased in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter
 in the open market); 

3 

public
 warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in the Initial Public
 Offering (whether they were purchased in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the
 open market, including warrants that may have been acquired by the Sponsor or its affiliates
 in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); 

SPAC 
 means a special purpose acquisition company; 

Sponsor 
 are to Israel Acquisitions Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Team 
 are to our management team, directors, and advisors; 

trust
 account are to the U.S.-based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained
 by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee, which will be invested
 in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the
 Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment
 company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the
 conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company;. 

underwriters 
 are to BTIG, LLC, Exos Securities LLC and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC, the underwriters
 in the Initial Public Offering; and 

warrants 
 are to our public warrants and private placement warrants. 

4 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that statements that are not strictly historical statements of fact constitute forward-looking statements,
including, without limitation, statements under the captions Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business and are identified by words like believe, 
 expect, may, will, should, seek, anticipate, or could 
and similar expressions. Forward looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination 

our
 expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result
 of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

approving
 our initial business combination 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination
 opportunities 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading 

the
 lack of a market for our securities 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as described herein) or available to us from
 interest income on the trust account balance 

the
 trust account not being subject to claims of third parties or 

our
 financial performance. 

Forward-looking statements are not assurances
of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our
business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking
statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to
predict and many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated
in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that
could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements
include those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in future Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or other
reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Any forward-looking statement made by us in this
report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation
to publicly revise or update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise,
except as may be required by law. 

References to a fiscal year refer to our fiscal
year ended December 31 of the specified year. 

5 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

We
are a newly organized blank check company incorporated on August 24, 2021, as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose
of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar combination with one or more businesses
or assets, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. To date, our
efforts have been limited to organizational activities and activities related to the search for a target business for our initial business
combination. We have not selected any potential business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated
any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any potential business combination target with respect to an initial business
combination with us. We have generated no revenues to date, and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues at the earliest
until we consummate our initial business combination. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or sector,
we intend to focus our search on high-growth technology companies that are domiciled in Israel, that carry out all or a substantial portion
of their activities in Israel, or that have some other significant Israeli connection. 

Overview 

Our business strategy is
focused on identifying Israeli technology companies that would benefit from our expertise and create long-term value, although our efforts
to identify a prospective business combination target will not necessarily be limited to a particular industry, sector or region. 

The technology industry
as a whole has experienced an unprecedented acceleration of its growth during the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic as more
businesses adopted new and innovative ways of doing business and more consumers rapidly adopted digital platforms to consume products
and services. 

We believe that Israel holds
numerous public-ready technology companies that are positioned for high-growth, as evidenced by the number of Israeli companies listed
on Nasdaq and Unicorns (companies with a valuation of 1 billion or greater) that originated in Israel. Israel is
positioned today as the largest Unicorns-per-capita nation in the world, with as much as 10 of the world s unicorns located in
Israel or originated by Israeli founders as of the end of 2021. 

The Israeli tech ecosystem
presents a major opportunity for us. There is a significant number of Israeli companies in the growth stage, backed up by late stage
and growth investments. According to research firm IVC, 607 growth-stage Israeli tech companies raised over 15 billion of
late-stage investments in 2019 and 2020 alone. We believe that a number of these companies are considering Nasdaq as the next step to
becoming Unicorns, and we are well positioned to take advantage of this market opportunity and facilitate this move. 

The Israeli tech ecosystem
presents a major opportunity for us. There is a significant number of Israeli companies in the growth stage, backed up by late stage
and growth investments. According to research firm IVC, 607 growth-stage Israeli tech companies raised over 15 billion of late-stage
investments in 2019 and 2020 alone. We believe that a number of these companies are considering Nasdaq as the next step to becoming Unicorns,
and our SPAC is well positioned to take advantage of this market opportunity and facilitate this move. 

Our
objective is to generate attractive returns and create value for our shareholders by capitalizing on the expertise of our Team. Our Team
has an extensive track record of identifying and selecting successful targets, closing investments and merger and acquisition transactions,
and increasing the value of companies post-investment or post-transaction. They have excellent access to the Israeli technology ecosystem,
through personal relationships with C suite executives, venture capital and private equity directors and others involved
with dozens of companies meeting our investment objectives and criteria. We intend to leverage their significant contacts and experience
to identify, evaluate and acquire a target business. We maintain an Internet website at https://israelacquisitionscorp.com/. . 

Initial Public Offering 

The SEC declared the registration
statement for our Initial Public Offering effective on January 12, 2023. On January 18, 2023, we consummated our Initial Public
Offering of 14,375,000 units, which included the full exercise the underwriters over-allotment option in the amount of 1,875,000
units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 143,750,000. Each unit is comprised of one Class A ordinary share and one
public warrant. 

6 

Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of (i) 637,500 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per
private placement unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, (ii) 75,000 private placement units at price of 10.00 per private
placement unit in a private placement to BTIG, LLC, (iii) 25,000 private placement units at price of 10.00 per private placement
unit in a private placement to Exos Capital LLC, and (iv) 25,000 private placement units at price of 10.00 per private placement
unit in a private placement to JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC. 

Following the closing of
our Initial Public Offering on January 18, 2023, an amount of 146,625,000 10.00 per unit sold in our Initial Public Offering)
from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units was placed
in a trust account, until the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the distribution of
the funds held in our trust account, as described below. 

Management Team 

Ziv
Elul serves as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors. Mr. Elul has 16 years of
industry and managerial experience with start-up and high-growth technology businesses operating globally, which includes two acquisition
transactions and operational experience as the CEO of a publicly traded company. In 2007. Mr. Elul co-founded Inneractive, an independent
automated mobile platform with marketplace exchange capabilities and focused on powering video ads. He served as CEO of Inneractive,
leading it to outstanding profitability until its acquisition by Fyber N.V. (FSE:FBEN), a global provider of monetization platforms for
mobile publishers, in July 2017. Following the acquisition, Mr. Elul continued to serve as CEO and led the integration of the
businesses under one brand with a strong focus on cutting-edge technology. Under his leadership, Fyber N.V. reached profitability for
the first time as a combined company. In May 2021, Fyber N.V. was acquired for 600 million by a multi-billion dollar media
and advertising solutions company, Digital Turbine (Nasdaq:APPS), where he was appointed to serve as a strategic advisor supporting the
integration. Prior to 2007, Mr. Elul served as a Lieutenant Colonel in Israel s Reserves Corps. Mr. Elul is a member
of the Israeli branch of the Young Presidents Organization YPO ), a global network of young chief executives, and
is deeply involved in the Israeli high tech and startup ecosystem. Mr. Elul is an active investor in Israeli technology companies,
with a portfolio of 18 company investments to-date (including several successful exits, such as Spotinst (acquired by Net App for 450 million))
and an investor in seven venture capital firms. He holds an Executive MBA from the Hebrew University which he graduated from with honors. 

Sharon
Barzik Cohen serves as our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors. In March 2021, Ms. Cohen
joined Qumra Capital, a leading growth capital fund that invests in late stage technology-driven companies, as Partner and Chief Operating
Officer. Before Qumra, she was CFO of the Storage Division at Dell EMC in Israel, having previously served since 2011 as CFO of XtremIO,
which developed all flash advanced storage solutions and was acquired by EMC in 2012 in one of the largest acquisitions in the Israeli
tech market at the time. In this role Ms. Cohen oversaw global finance teams worldwide, and was a member of the Dell Israel leadership
team. Prior to 2011, Ms. Cohen was CFO of N-trig, a developer of transparent electromagnetic digitizers for the mobile computers
market, which was acquired by Microsoft in 2015. From 1996 to 2003, she served as CFO of RadioTel, a leading networking company offering
next-generation SDH/Sonet network solutions. Ms. Cohen earned a BA in Psychology, summa cum laude, and an Executive MBA, cum laude,
both from Tel Aviv University. 

Izhar
Shay serves as Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Shay currently serves as a venture partner at Disruptive AI,
an early stage venture capital firm focused on AI investments. He also is the Chairman of Kendago, a leading digital marketing household
and is on the Board of Directors of Aquarius Engine (TASE: AQUA, Developer of a Two Sided Free Piston Linear Engine), Tastewise (an AI
based consumer insights platform for food beverage innovation) and Equinom (a food-tech company developing non-GMO plant-based
ingredients). From 2020 to 2021, Mr. Shay was Israel s Minister of Science and Technology. Prior to that Mr. Shay s
professional career included various management and business positions in the Israeli high-tech and venture capital sectors. Previously,
he worked as a high-tech entrepreneur and managed a number of companies for nearly ten years in the United States. In 1998, he co-founded
Business Layers, a developer of Identity Management software solutions, and served as the company s CEO until its sale in 2003
to Netegrity (Nasdaq: NETE). From 2004-2005, Mr. Shay served as chairman and CEO of V-Secure Technologies, a developer of intrusion
prevention products intended to block cyber-attacks, which he led through its sale to Radware (NASDAQ: RDWR). In 2006, he joined the
international venture capital fund Canaan Partners as a partner and managed its investment activities in Israel until 2014. At that time,
Canaan Partners had assets under management of approximately 2.0B. Together with his partner, Ehud Levy, he co-founded Canaan Partners
Israel in 2014, which made investments in Israeli technology start-ups, focusing on investments in mobile, digital media, Internet,
communications and software. He served as a director at LiveU (acquired by Francisco Partners), Viewbix (acquired by Algomizer), Rollout.io,
Drupe, and RegulusX and served as a director at Prime Sense prior to its sale to Apple as well as at N-trig, which was sold to Microsoft.
In 2015, Mr. Shay was selected by the Israeli media outlet Geektime to be on the list of the 100 most influential people in the
Israeli high-tech. Mr. Shay was elected as a member of the Israeli parliament, where he served from 2019 to 2021. He was a member
of the special Coronavirus Cabinet, which was formed by the Israeli government, where he helped lead the national efforts confronting
the challenges of the Covid-19 pandemic. 

7 

Candice
Beaumont serves as a member of our board of directors. Beginning in October 2020, Candice Beaumont began to serve
as an advisor to Springwater Special Situations Corp. (Nasdaq: SWSSU), a special purpose acquisition company formed to effectuate a merger
or similar transaction with one or more businesses, which completed its initial public offering on August 25, 2021 and is currently
searching for an initial business combination with a well-positioned business with operational improvements in Europe or elsewhere. Ms. Beaumont
is a member of the Board of Directors of Clean Earth Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: CLINU), a special purpose acquisition company that completed
its initial public offering in February 2022 and entered into a business combination agreement on October 12, 2022 for the
purposes of acquiring substantially all of the subsidiaries of Alternus Energy Group Plc, a public limited company incorporated under
the laws of Ireland. Ms. Beaumont has served since 2016 as Chairman of the Salsano Group, a Panama based family office and conglomerate
invested in private equity. From 2003 to present, Ms. Beaumont has served as Chief Investment Officer of L Investments, a single-family
office invested in public and private equity. Ms. Beaumont speaks at numerous family office and investment conferences globally,
including the Stanford University Graduate School of Business Global Investor s Forum, is a NYU Stern Family Office Council member
serving on the Steering Committee, and is an Advisory Board member of the Family Office Association. From 2012 to 2014, Ms. Beaumont
was a member of the board of directors of I2BF Venture Fund II, a Dubai Financial Services Authority regulated clean tech venture capital
firm with offices in Dubai, New York and London, as well as an Advisory Board member of The Luxury Fund. Ms. Beaumont remains committed
to community and philanthropic causes and serves on the International Council of Advisors for Global Dignity, a charity founded by Crown
Prince Haakon of Norway to foster global respect and dignity across all borders, genders, religions and races. Ms. Beaumont was
part of the Milken Young Leaders Circle and is a member of the Milken Institute, as well as an active member of YPO. Ms. Beaumont
started her career in Corporate Finance at Merrill Lynch in 1996 and worked as an investment banker at Lazard Fr res from 1997
to 1999, during which time Ms. Beaumont executed over 20 billion of merger and acquisition advisory assignments. Ms. Beaumont
also worked in private equity at Argonaut Capital from 1999 to 2001. Ms. Beaumont obtained a Bachelor in Business Administration
from the University of Miami, graduating first in her class with a major of International Finance Marketing. Ms. Beaumont
was captain of the University of Miami varsity tennis team, where Ms. Beaumont earned Academic All-American honors, and is also
a former world-ranked professional tennis player. Ms. Beaumont completed Global Leadership Public Policy for the 21st
Century at Harvard Kennedy School in 2015. Ms. Beaumont was honored by Trusted Insight as one of the Top 30 Family Office Chief
Investment Officers in 2017 and as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2014. Ms. Beaumont has a broad network of
relationships, including investors in private and public equity, leading venture capital firms with compelling pre-initial public offering
companies and has expertise sourcing deals, evaluating private and public businesses, and conducting detailed due diligence and risk
management. 

Peter
Cohen serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Cohen was an investment banker for approximately three decades,
advising CEOs and boards of directors on mission critical strategic and financing transactions. Most recently, from 2015 to 2020, he
was a Managing Director and Global Head of Media, Entertainment Sports Investment Banking at Barclays. In this role, he led
a team responsible for managing all client coverage efforts for the firm in these sectors globally. He primarily focused on the largest
clients in the Diversified and New Media and Sports sub-sectors, specializing in mergers acquisitions, as well as debt and
equity capital raising efforts, on behalf of clients worldwide. From 2009 to 2015, he had similar responsibilities as a Senior Managing
Director at Blackstone. Mr. Cohen started his investment banking career at JP Morgan in 1993. Some of the more noted transactions
he participated in over his thirty year career include: representing the Los Angeles Dodgers in their sale to Guggenheim Partners, the
sale of the Chicago Cubs to the Ricketts family, representing Altice NV in its acquisition of Cablevision Systems Corp., representing
Cineworld Group PLC on its acquisition of Regal Entertainment Group, and News Corporation on its acquisition of Dow Jones 
Company. 

Roy
Zisapel serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Zisapel is a co-founder of Radware (NASDAQ: RDWR), a leader
of cybersecurity and application delivery solutions for physical, cloud and software-defined data centers. Mr. Zisapel has served
as President and Chief Executive Officer of Radware since the company s inception in April 1997, and he is responsible for
the overall direction and strategy of the company. Under his leadership, Radware has grown from a startup to a global, Nasdaq-listed
industry leader with more than 35 offices and 1,100 employees worldwide. He was instrumental in raising over 200 million for Radware,
which included two public offerings: an initial public offering in September 1999 just two and a half years
after the company s inception and a follow-on offering in January 2000. Radware s growth has paralleled
working with some of the most prominent brands in the world, including commercial banks, stock exchanges, retailers, telecom companies
and mobile operators. Radware maintains strategic partnerships with Cisco, Checkpoint, IBM, Microsoft, Nokia, SAP and VMWare, among
others. Mr. Zisapel has led Radware through several successful acquisitions, including V-Secure Technologies (2005), Covelight Systems
(2007), Nortel s application delivery business, Alteon (2009), and Strangeloop Networks in 2013. Most recently, he oversaw the
acquisition of Seculert (2017) and ShieldSquare (2019). From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Zisapel was a team leader of research and development
projects for RND Networks Ltd. From 1994 to 1996, Mr. Zisapel was employed as a software engineer for other companies in Israel.
Mr. Zisapel graduated summa cum laude with a B.S. degree in mathematics and computer science from Tel Aviv University, where he
was honored with the International Wolf Prize for research students. Mr. Zisapel holds several U.S. patents and patent applications
in the areas of global load balancing, network proximity, traffic redirection and multi-homing. 

8 

Daniel
S. Recanati serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Recanati is the founder CEO of Rhodium,
a privately-owned investment firm with a diverse portfolio including some of Israel s most promising companies. Mr. Recanati
founded and invested in numerous tech ventures from early stage to growth, across different sectors such as fintech, foodtech, cyber,
AI, digital media, e-commerce, automotive, communication and mobile. Mr. Recanati is an early investor in successful Israeli companies
such as Outbrain (NASDAQ:OB), eToro, Yotpo, Storedot, Celsius, Face.com (acquired by Facebook), Hopstop (acquired by Apple), Zooz (acquired
by PayU), Rounds (acquired by Kik), Hexatier (acquired by Huawei), IMGN (acquired by WarnerMusic) and Compass (acquired by Sage).
For over two decades, Mr. Recanati has been focusing on accelerating social impact through technology, by co-founding and being
closely involved in a variety of community organizations. Mr. Recanati serves on the board of The Yahel Foundation, the Recanati
family philanthropy foundation, which aims to narrow social gaps by driving social processes and supporting non-profit organizations
that advance education, welfare and health. Mr. Recanati also serves on the board of MadaTech The Israel National
Museum of Science Technology and Space. Mr. Recanati co-founded and serves on the board of Apple Seeds Academy Tapuah ),
an Israeli nonprofit organization that was founded with the aim of bridging between Israel s growing tech sector and the digital
peripheries. He also serves on the board of Ogen - A non-profit social lending enterprise, providing affordable credit to
disadvantaged segments of the Israeli public. Mr. Recanati holds an LLB and BA from the Reichman University, Herzliya. 

Our Advisory Board 

Alex
Greystoke serves as a member of our advisory board and is one of our founders. Mr. Greystoke is a successful serial
entrepreneur with a breadth of skills in a diverse range of industries. He is a founder and member of the advisory board of Goal Acquisitions
Corp. (Nasdaq: PUCKU), a SPAC that raised 258 million through its initial public offering in February 2021 and entered into
a business combination agreement on November 17, 2022 for the purposes of acquiring Digital Virgo Group, a French corporation. Mr. Greystoke
is also the founder and member of the advisory board of Clean Earth Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: CLINU), a SPAC that completed a 200 million
initial public offering in February 2022 and entered into a business combination agreement on October 12, 2022 for the purposes
of acquiring substantially all of the subsidiaries of Alternus Energy Group Plc, a public limited company incorporated under the laws
of Ireland. Mr. Greystoke is also on the board of Springwater Special Situations Corp (Nasdaq: SWSSU), a SPAC that raised 168 million
through its initial public offering in August 2021 and is seeking to merge with a well-positioned business with operational improvement
opportunities in Europe or elsewhere. Mr. Greystoke is the founder of multiple AI technology companies including TripChamp, VacationChamp
and TravelChamp. He is the inventor of three granted artificial intelligence patents, with eight pending patent applications. Mr. Greystoke
also holds investments in real estate, food and beverage, technology and other sectors. Mr. Greystoke founded HSC, a boutique corporate
finance business raising money for and helping emerging companies commercialize in a range of sectors including technology, energy, healthcare
and consumer products utilizing his wide network of partners throughout Asia, Europe, the Middle East and the U.S. Mr. Greystoke
has served as director to numerous companies in the education, technology, AI and renewable energy spaces, and has served as a Chairman
to a U.K. listed Chinese manufacturing company. 

Robert
Pincas serves as a member of our advisory board and is one of our founders. Mr. Pincas is a successful investment
manager and entrepreneur with over 20 years of experience in the Israeli ecosystem and international capital markets. Over the years,
Mr. Pincas has developed a deep network with Israeli tech companies and a wide range of international investors. Currently, Mr. Pincas
serves as the Small and Medium Businesses SMB partner for Fundit, a leading crowdfund platform in Israel, regulated by
the Israeli Securities Authority. Between 2007 and 2020 Mr. Pincas was a Managing Director with MG Investment Capital, a venture
capital fund investing in Israeli technology with a profitable return for investors. Mr. Pincas was the Accelerator Program Director
(Jerusalem and the Plains) for Maof-Tech, for the Israeli Economy Ministry. Between 2014 and 2018 Mr. Pincas managed Maof Rishon
LeZion (sponsored by the Israeli Economy Ministry), one of the largest consulting centers in Israel, servicing thousands of SMB businesses.
Mr. Pincas served between 2003-2008 as Executive Director and Partner with MG Equity Partners Ltd., an investment bank focusing
on cross border transactions between Israeli and European companies and the London capital markets, such as Domino s Pizza Switzerland,
Pepsi Romania and MTI Wireless, Mr. Pincas has volunteered with Paamonim, a nonprofit organization focusing on financial education
for families. Mr. Pincas holds an MBA from Tel Aviv University and a BA in Economics from Ben Gurion University. 

Eitan
Efron serves as a member of our advisory board and is one of our founders. Mr. Efron has 30 years of experience
in technology investments, technology and business management and high-tech entrepreneurship. Mr. Efron has a diverse entrepreneurial
and management background. Mr. Efron is a founder of four technology startups, including Oversi Networks, which was acquired by
Allot Communications (NASDAQ: ALLT) in 2009, and WiNetworks, which was acquired by Ruggedcom Inc in 2006 (and later acquired by Siemens).
Between 2007 and 2019, Mr. Efron was a director with MG Investment Capital, a venture capital fund investing in Israeli technology
with a profitable return for investors. Mr. Efron has deep contacts in Israeli tech ecosystem, including investors, companies 
executives, entrepreneurs and Israeli Innovation Authority. Mr. Efron has direct access to multiple multi-sector technology companies. 

9 

Ehud
Levy serves as a member of our advisory board. Since 2014, Mr. Levy has been the Managing General Partner of Canaan
Partners Israel, an Israeli venture capital fund. Since 2019, he has been a Venture Partner with Lenovo Capital heading its investment
opportunities in Israel. Mr. Levy is also an active private investor in tech companies operating as a partner with a leading investment
team, Kaedan Capital. From 2006 to 2014, Mr. Levy was a Managing Partner at Vertex VC. Among other successful investments, Mr. Levy
identified Waze as a bright star from the start, leading the first investment round in the company and serving on its board of directors
until its acquisition by Google for over US 1 billion. Previously, Mr. Levy co-founded and served as Chairman and CEO of Ki-Bi
Mobile Technologies, a mass-market device specialist for mobile content distribution. He led the business from concept to commercial
success, an initial public offering in London and eventual acquisition. Earlier, he served as COO and CFO of Telegate, a telecommunications
company, where he was responsible for a restructuring plan leading to the acquisition of the company for over US 400 million. Prior
to Telegate, Mr. Levy was an investment banker in New York and Tel Aviv, and served on the board of directors of several technology
companies. Mr. Levy holds a BSc in Computer Engineering (with honors) from the Technion Israel Institute of Technology and
an MBA from Columbia Business School in New York. 

Nir
Ben Lavi serves as a member of our advisory board. Currently Mr. Ben Lavi is the CEO and co-founder of the Pangea
Cup, the world s first global competition and reality show for discovering the next big video game, and has served in that capacity
since December 2019. Mr. Ben Lavi was appointed to his first managerial position at the age of 25, and combined it with intensive
R D work. This experience provided Mr. Ben Lavi with invaluable knowledge on innovation and led him to dedicate a lot of his
time helping countries create their own start-up ecosystems. Mr. Ben Lavi is an active member of YPO Israel, and YPO Change Makers
Club. Mr. Ben Lavi is an active investor deeply involved in the Israeli startup ecosystem. He is the former Managing Director of
the NYU Blockchain Accelerator with which he served from October 2017 to October 2019, as well as head of the joint innovation
program at Bosphorus University, Turkey. Mr. Ben Lavi is the author of three books and inventor of software solutions. Mr. Ben
Lavi received his B.A. in Sociology, with honors, and his M.B.A. from the University of Tel Aviv. His Ph.D. research study in the field
of Computerized Dispute Resolution led to the development of a first-of-its-kind dispute resolution software that was adopted by the
United Nations as a managerial work tool. 

Guy
Kurlandski serves as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Kurlandski has more than 30 years experience as an
entrepreneur and investor spanning diverse industries globally, from printing and real estate to spirits and technology. Today, Mr. Kurlandski s
primary position is as the Chief Evangelist Officer at Liquidity Group, an Israeli based global fintech and fund manager, which he has
been with from 2019 to the present. He is also a Forbes Business Council member and an advisor to MUMA College of Business. He has
been based in the United States since 2008 and was previously based in the United Kingdom. Mr. Kurlandski speaks both English and
Hebrew and has strong ties to Israel. He has experience in scaling, managing and funding companies to reach their full potential. 

Aaron
Greenberg serves as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Greenberg is a finance professional with substantial experience
in foreign markets. Recently, Mr. Greenberg was Chief Strategy Officer and Project Manager of European Sustainable Growth Acquisition
Corp. (NASDAQ: EUSG), which successfully merged with ADS-TEC Energy (NASDAQ: ADSE), a German energy storage and electrical vehicle EV charging company. In this position, he played a significant role in the negotiation of the business combination agreement between the
parties and in successfully raising 156 million in a private investment public equity transaction for EUSG s contemplated business
combination with ADSE. Concurrent to EUSG, Mr. Greenberg served on the investment team for Lucerne Capital Management, a European-focused
investment management firm managing approximately 800 million in assets. Prior to joining Lucerne, Mr. Greenberg worked in various
roles for Wells Fargo Bank and its affiliates, latest of which as a portfolio manager evaluating operational inefficiencies and credit
policy within the Corporate Investment Bank. He holds a FINRA Series 7, FINRA Series 63, FINRA Series 79, and FINRA Series 99
Securities license. Prior to joining Wells Fargo Bank, Mr. Greenberg attended Yale University where he earned a B.A. in Economics
and B.A. in History. 

Opportunity 

The technology industry
as a whole has experienced an unprecedented acceleration of its growth during the COVID-19 pandemic as more businesses adopted new and
innovative ways of doing business and more consumers rapidly adopted digital platforms to consume products and services. 

The Israeli technology sector
represents a concentration of value, with a large number of fast-growing companies. Israel is the leading country in R D expenditure
per GDP (Source: World Economic Forum 11 2020) with a mature high tech ecosystem including government incentives for early stage companies,
a strong VC community, over 400 multinational corporations active in Israel and managing local R D centers, and over 100 Israeli
companies listed on Nasdaq. We believe that this ecosystem nurtures innovative products and services recognized world-wide. Technology
leaders in Israel have global operations backed by a growing number of investments, which continue to propel the growth of leading technology
companies. 

10 

The number of Israeli Unicorns
has grown dramatically in recent years, representing 10 of Unicorns globally as of June 2021. Hundreds of additional growth-stage
companies, backed by both local and global growth venture capital funds, have the potential to become the next Unicorns. We believe that
this sector presents a significant opportunity concentrated in a specific small geography. Management teams with extensive networks and
experience in this geography have a unique ability to locate and combine with such potential Unicorns. 

We intend to tap into this
opportunity by combining favorable Israeli market dynamics with a highly experienced and connected sponsor team, leveraging its network
to source a potential business combination. Our team has excellent investment, merger, acquisition and public company operational experience.
Facing multiple targets in the disruptive Israeli market, our Team is positioned to identify and combine with high quality targets that
have demonstrated exceptional metrics, and can effectively assist in bringing value to the target company following a business combination. 

Favorable Market Dynamics 

In recent years Israel s
technology sector has been going through a dramatic uplift and rapidly shifting from Start-Up Nation to the Scale-Up
Nation. Hundreds of growth-stage Israeli companies have emerged in recent years and are attracting billions of dollars in
investments from foreign (primarily U.S.) investors. According to a report by Start-Up Nation Central, Israeli tech companies raised
 24.5 billion in the first 11 months of 2021 representing 136 growth in equity investments over 2020 which totaled 10.8 billion.
The rate of increase of funding for Israeli companies, which jumped by 136 , far surpasses the global average of 71 , as well as those
of other tech centers, including the U.S. (78 ), the UK (105 and Singapore (95 ). A substantial portion of the 2021 investments is
in growth stage companies. The number of funding rounds of over 100 million (mega-rounds) in that period climbed from 22 in 2020
to 74 in 2021. These mega-rounds made up more than half of the total funding, hitting 14.77 billion 310 
more than in 2020. 

Unicorn Nation 

As of June 2021, out
of 700 Unicorns that existed worldwide, 70 were Israeli. According to a Viola Group report 48 new Israeli Unicorns were created in 2021
alone, the second highest Unicorn generator globally after the United States. This is a dramatic concentration of value in a small country.
Israel has a population of 8.6 million people (only 0.1 of world s population), but is responsible for 10 of Unicorns globally,
representing the highest number of Unicorns per capita in the world. 

Most of the Unicorns in
Israel are fast-growing technology-related companies that have emerged in the recent years. In 2021, 75 Israeli tech companies with
an aggregate valuation of 79 billion went public, 23 of them in the United States. Thirteen of those Israeli high-tech companies
gained access to the public markets by combining with a SPAC rather than through a traditional initial public offering, raising 2.91 billion
collectively in 2021. 

Multiple Targets 

The Israeli tech sector
has experienced significant scale-up in recent years across a wide range of sectors, from fintech, cloud, cyber and AI, to electric
vehicles, and energytech, to biotech, genomics, quantum computing, spacetech and more. We believe some of these sectors present strong
growth opportunities because Israeli companies in these sectors match global demand for solutions in the space and attract late-stage
investments backing up growth. 

We believe there are hundreds
of pre-initial public offering Israeli tech companies that could be potential acquisition candidates today, and we believe the number
will continue to grow. According to research firm IVC, 607 growth-stage Israeli tech companies raised over 15 billion of late-stage
investments in 2019 and 2020 alone. According to Catalyst research there are hundreds of Israeli companies valued between 300 million
to 3 billion. 

Business Strategy and Competitive Strengths 

Our business strategy is
focused on identifying high-growth technology companies that would benefit from our Team s expertise and creating long-term value
for our shareholders through a business combination. Our strategy will be focused on companies that are domiciled in Israel, that carry
out all or a substantial portion of their activities in Israel, or that have some other significant Israeli connection. 

11 

Because we believe that
certain technology sectors present particularly attractive growth opportunities, we intend to focus primarily on companies in the following
technology sectors: 

Cloud
 computing; 
 
 Cybersecurity; 
 
 Deep
 or hard technology; 
 
 E-commerce; 
 
 EV
 technology; 
 
 Energy
 technology; 
 
 Financial
 Technology FinTech ); 
 
 Food
 and agriculture technology; 
 
 Gaming; 
 
 Quantum
 computing; and 
 
 Space
 and satellite technology. 

We believe that our Team s
extensive experience in identifying high growth target companies, structuring and executing strategic investments and business combination
transactions, and in adding value post-investment and post-transaction will support our business strategy. Our competitive strengths
include: 

Proven Track Record 

Members of our Team have
proven track records as officers, investors and board members of Israeli technology companies which reached growth-phase and global presence.
Some of our Team members have gained experience as advisors of other SPACs, from IPO and listing through target acquisition. Our Team
also has vast experience in international mergers and acquisition transactions and post-transaction integration. Furthermore, two of
our Team members served as CEOs of public companies traded on Nasdaq and FSE stock exchange. We believe this wealth of experience and
connections within the industry will position us to identify a high-quality target company and successfully complete a business combination
transaction that creates value for our investors. 

Value to Target Companies 

We believe that our Team s
substantial management experience with growth companies will be recognized by target companies as a potential asset. Our Team members
bring many years of experience taking companies public and successfully managing public companies. Additionally, we believe that
our Team s track record of leading companies through merger and acquisition transactions and managing them in the post-business
combination stage could make us attractive to potential target companies. Our Team s substantial experience operating public and
private companies can assist in establishing a credible value-creation plan jointly with the target company s management. Our Team
has a considerable track record in running global public companies, merging companies to create substantially larger operations, bringing
companies to profitability, communicating with the financial markets, and raising capital in various modes. We believe our Team s
experience presents a high value proposition to the target companies and investors. 

Business Combination Criteria 

Consistent with our business
strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target
companies. We will use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating initial business combination opportunities, but we may decide to enter
into our initial business combination with a target company that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Enterprise
 values of between 800 million and 1.5 billion The
 valuation will reflect a discount to the valuation of comparable public companies in the
 sector with similar metrics, such as revenues, EBITDA, market share and growth. 

High
 growth and strong pipeline We intend to focus on companies
 with double-digit growth in revenues per annum over a minimum 3-year period, featuring a
 disruptive technology, high market acceptance, and a large addressable market. 

12 

International
 operations and global focus As the Israeli local market is
 a small one in most sectors, we are targeting a global player in the making, focusing on
 companies that already have a significant presence in global markets, with over 50 of revenue
 generated outside of Israel. 

Strong
 management team focused on growth We intend to pursue a business
 combination with a company that has a committed and strong leadership team with a proven
 track record of success in driving growth and profitability in the tech industry, impeccable
 reputation, and whom we know and trust through our Team s network of relationships
 in Israel. 

Demonstrated
 ability to execute We are focused on target company management
 with a proven record of success, either from managing companies and bringing them to exceptional
 liquidity events for their investors or through operational success, such as growing companies
 from early stages to achieving competitive metrics in their sectors with regards to disruptive
 technology, sizable global markets, company growth, revenues, and profit. 

Ability
 to accelerate growth through increased access to public capital We
 intend to pursue an initial business combination with a company that has a solid business
 plan and the need for capital to support significant growth available through a business
 combination with us and access to broader capital markets as a public company. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management
may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into a business combination with a target company that does not meet the above
criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target company does not meet the above named criteria in our shareholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, would be in the form
of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we would file with the SEC. In evaluating a prospective target company,
we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspections of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information
which will be made available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination
using cash from the proceeds of the initial business combination and the sale of the private placement units, the proceeds of the sale
of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we
may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination
of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially
unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and
businesses. 

If our initial business
combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance
of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial
business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We have not selected any
business combination target. However, we have initiated discussions with potential business combination targets, and we have engaged
a capital markets advisor to identify or locate a suitable acquisition candidate, as well as conduct research and/or take measures, directly
or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management
will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will
result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control,
meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. 

13 

So long as our securities
are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate
fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial
business combination. Additionally, so long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, any initial business combination must be approved
by a majority of our independent directors. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of
the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation
or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to
make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board
is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value
of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if
the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise
would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value
of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation
of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our
shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in
connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or
acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business
combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete
such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities
of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we
would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares,
our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will
be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of
net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. If our securities are not then listed on the Nasdaq
for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. 

We may need to obtain additional
financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the
proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon the completion
of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination
(or enter into forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements with the Sponsor). There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue
securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding
with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market
participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses
may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources
may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources
will have read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors,
as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business
contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In
addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us
as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of
professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other
individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an
arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines
that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited
basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is
customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account.
In no event, however, will the Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates be paid by us any
finder s fee or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial
and administrative services and to reimburse the Sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing
an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business
combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be
used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. 

14 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with the Sponsor or our officers or directors. In addition,
in the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with the Sponsor or any of our officers
or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of the Sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business
combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or
she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject
to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. See Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 Conflicts of Interest. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring
of Our Initial Business Combination 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review
of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and
capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the
terms of the business combination transaction. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of,
and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result
in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. In addition, we have agreed not
to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of the Sponsor. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period
of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance
of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or
several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in
a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination; and 
 
 cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s
Management Team 

Although we intend to closely
scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination
with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management
may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of
our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any
of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations
of the particular target business. 

15 

We cannot assure you that
any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether
any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience
necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability
to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions
without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 

Under the Nasdaq s
listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

We
 issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary
 shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering); 
 
 Any
 of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by the Nasdaq rules)
 has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to
 be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result
 in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or
 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as such solely because such person
 is a substantial security holder); or 
 
 The
 issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change
 of control. 

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder
approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would
 require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval
 or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other
 additional burdens on the company; 
 
 the
 expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 
 
 the
 risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 
 
 other
 time and budget constraints of the company; and 
 
 additional
 legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome
 to present to shareholders. 

Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions
with Respect to Our Securities 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, the Sponsor and our directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect
to material nonpublic information), the Sponsor and our directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions
with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial
business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such
transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be
used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making
any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases
are prohibited by Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

16 

In the event that the Sponsor
or our directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such
selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial
business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender
offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act;
however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will
be required to comply with such rules. 

See Business Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description
of how our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any
private transaction. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) increase the likelihood of closing the business combination,
(ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for
approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target
that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it
appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial
business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our
securities on a national securities exchange. 

The Sponsor and our officers,
directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom the Sponsor and our officers, directors
or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer
or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that the Sponsor or our officers, directors, advisors
or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders
who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business
combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only
if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. The Sponsor and our executive
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price
and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases
do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

The Sponsor and our officers,
directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or
Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16
of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders
upon the Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding
public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per
public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder
must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business
combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder
has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. The Sponsor and each member of our management team
have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a
shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A
ordinary shares. 

17 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association will provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our
net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules).
However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash
to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy
other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we
would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy
cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will
not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a
tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder
approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers
with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares
or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently
intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business
or other reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. 

If we held a shareholder
vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A
 of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the
 tender offer rules; and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the company. In such case, the Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public
shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial purchaser s founder shares, we would
need 4,441,875 or approximately 30.9 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or no additional shares (assuming only
the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 14,375,000 public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to
be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder
may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In
addition, the Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed
to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion
of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares
the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to
complete a business combination as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. 

18 

If we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act,
 which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and the Sponsor will terminate
any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply
with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In the event we conduct
redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with
Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration
of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number
of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will
withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 

Limitation on Redemption upon the Completion
of Our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together
with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent.
We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders
to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management
to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision,
a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise
its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, the Sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold
in the Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with
a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However, we would not be
restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. 

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection
with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

Public shareholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required
to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer
materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository
Trust Company s Deposit / Withdrawal At Custodian DWAC System, at the holder s option, in each case up to
two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate
the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly
redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close
of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business
combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights.
Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery
of their public shares. 

19 

There is a nominal cost
associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System.
The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether
or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders
seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights
regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The foregoing is different
from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations,
many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and
a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking
to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to
arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option
window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s
shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before
actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were
aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the
business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior
to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve
the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection
with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such
holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds
to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of
our initial business combination. 

If our initial business
combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights
would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly
return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, we may continue to try to complete a business combination
with a different target until by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination
as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) (the Combination Period ). 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
if No Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that we will have 12 months from the closing of our Initial
Public Offering (January 18, 2024) (or 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (July 18, 2024), if
we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) to consummate an initial
business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any);
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and
our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect
to our rights or warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination by January 18, 2024
(or July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

20 

The
Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial
business combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination
as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe). 

The
Sponsor and our officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by January 18,
2024 (or July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K)
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide
our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares,
subject to the limitations described herein. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this
optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible
asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption
right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by the Sponsor, any executive officer or director,
or any other person. 

We expect that all costs
and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts
remaining out of the 1,450,000 held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to
pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

If we were to expend all
of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the proceeds deposited in
the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the
claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual
per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.20. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot
assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although we will seek to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public
shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be
prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with
respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s
engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third
party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed
by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management
is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. BTIG, the representative of the underwriters in the Initial Public
Offering will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no
guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations,
contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts
held in the trust account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with
which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20
per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the
trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest
that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or
prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have
not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore,
we cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us
for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

21 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and the
Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to
a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against the Sponsor to enforce
its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose
not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share
redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the
possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. The Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. We will have access to up to 1,450,000 following the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units with which
to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be
no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and
liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however
such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. I 

If we file a bankruptcy
or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held
in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject
to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust
account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file
a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any
distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024, if we extend the
time to complete a business combination as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), (ii) in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or
July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if
they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem
their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall
not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we
have not consummated an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete
a business combination as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed.
In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek
shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business
combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust
account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be
amended with a shareholder vote. 

22 

Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices
in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination and If We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business Combination. 

The
following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination and if we have not consummated an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or
July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K): 

Redemptions
 in Connection 
 with Our Initial Business 
 Combination 
 
 Other
 Permitted Purchases of 
 Public Shares by Our 
 Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions
 if We Fail to 
 Complete an Initial Business 
 Combination 

Calculation
 of redemption price Impact to remaining shareholders 
 
 Redemptions
 at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote.
 The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder
 vote. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
 in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination (which is initially
 anticipated to be 10.20 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
 to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions
 will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 and any limitations (including,
 but not limited to, cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed business combination.

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the Sponsor and our directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
 may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
 initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that the Sponsor or our directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
 may pay in these transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they
 are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M
 under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the
 tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange
 Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers
 will be required to comply with such rules. 
 
 If
 we have not consummated an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to
 complete a business combination as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), we will redeem all public shares at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be
 10.20 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
 to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding
 public shares. 

The
 redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders,
 who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable. 
 
 If
 the permitted purchases described above are made, there would be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price
 would not be paid by us. 
 
 The
 redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for
 the shares held by the Sponsor, who will be our only remaining shareholder after such redemptions. 

23 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our Initial
Public Offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without
a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where
it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s
articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying
the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles
of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting. Other
than as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on January 17, 2023, our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association will provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and
vote at a general meeting of the company i.e. , the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous
written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having
a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public
companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial,
technical, human, and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial
resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation
to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us
for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed
favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating
an initial business combination. 

Facilities 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at 12600 Hill Country Blvd, Building R, Suite 275, Bee Cave, TX 78738. The cost for our use of this space is included
in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to the Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services pursuant to that certain administrative
services agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and between us and the Sponsor (the Administrative Services Agreement ).
We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have three
executive officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend
to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount
of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination
and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation
of a business combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

Our units, Class A
ordinary shares and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we
file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports
will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

24 

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the
prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the
historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because
some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified
by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above,
or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above.
To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit
the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We will be required to evaluate
our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the
event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will
we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over
financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy
of their internal controls. 

The development of the internal
controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any
such acquisition. 

We filed a registration
statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result,
we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15
to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

We are a Cayman Islands
exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such,
are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received, a
tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (2018
Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman
Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition,
that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will
be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or
in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest
or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the
prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates
exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in
non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

25 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of
the prior June 30. 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation,
arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

26 

ITEM 
 1A. RISK
 FACTORS 

RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events
occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price
of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Summary Risk Factors 

The following is a summary of the more significant
risks facing our Company: 

Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation
of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

We
 are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have
 no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our
 independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability
 to continue as a going concern in its report. 

Our
 public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business
 combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority
 of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Our
 public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on the option to extend the
 period of time to consummate our initial business combination. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
 may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the Sponsor and members
 of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
 regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

The
 ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
 would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
 your shares. 

Our
 search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate
 a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic
 and the status of debt and equity markets. 

We
 may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by January 18, 2024, in
 which case (unless such date is extended up to 18 months to July 18, 2024) we would
 cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public
 shares and liquidate. 

Nasdaq
 may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors 
 ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

The
 securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate
 of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
 redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

If
 we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required
 to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which
 may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

27 

The
 nominal purchase price paid by the Sponsor for the founder shares may result in significant
 dilution to the implied value of your public shares upon the consummation of our initial
 business combination. 

The
 value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely
 to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price
 of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Unlike
 some other similarly structured blank check companies, the Sponsor will receive additional
 Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

We
 may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public
 warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public
 warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise
 period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable
 upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the fact that the Company has not yet designed and maintained effective controls relating to the accounting for offering costs related to the Company's initial public offering. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Risks Relating to the Sponsor and Management
Team 

Past
 performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of
 future performance of an investment in us. 

Our
 ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter
 will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
 following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact
 the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The
 officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon the completion of our
 initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
 could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
 officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional,
 fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company,
 and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
 business opportunity should be presented. 

Our
 executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have
 competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

Our
 management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business
 combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess
 the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating
a Business in Foreign Countries 

Our
 strategy is focused on pursuing an acquisition of Israeli technology companies. If we pursue
 a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, including
 in Israel, for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection
 with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if
 we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional
 risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

After
 our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign
 country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such
 country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant
 extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments
 and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

We
 may face risks related to companies in the Israeli technology industry. 

If
 our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States
 securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws,
 which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Exchange
 rate fluctuations and currency policies may diminish a target business ability to
 succeed in the international markets. 

Changes
 in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely
 affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
 combination, and results of operations. 

28 

Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation
of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

We are a recently incorporated company
with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a recently formed
blank check company, incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted limited company with no operating results, and
we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through the Initial Public Offering. Because we lack an operating history, you
have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with
one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business
combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination,
we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report. 

As of December 31,
2022, we had 8,305 in operating cash and a working capital deficit of 707,167. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to
incur significant costs in pursuit of an initial business combination. Management s plans to address this need for capital are
discussed in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations . We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business
combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result
from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even
though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may choose not to hold
a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval
under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration
we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction.
Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval
of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely
in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders
of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

Please see the section entitled
 Business Initial Business Combination for additional information. 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on the option to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination. 

If
we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months of January 18, 2023 (January 18,
2024), we may, but are not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination two times by an additional three months
each time (each such 3-month period a Funded Extension Period ); so long as the Sponsor and/or its affiliates or designees
deposit into the trust account: (i) with respect to a single Funded Extension Period, an additional 0.10 per unit (for an aggregate
of 1,437,500) (an Extension Payment , and (ii) with respect to two consecutive
Funded Extension Periods, an Extension Payment prior to each Funded Extension Period, or 0.20 per unit in the aggregate (for an aggregate
of 2,875,000), upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company. Our
public shareholders will not be entitled to vote or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. As a result, we may effect
such an extension even if a majority of our public shareholders do not support such an extension and none of our public shareholders
will be able to redeem their shares in connection with such an extension. This feature is different than the traditional SPAC structure,
in which any extension of the company s period to complete a business combination would require a vote of the company s shareholders,
with such shareholders having the right to redeem their public shares in connection with such vote. We may also choose to pursue an extension
of the time to complete our business combination without depositing additional funds into the trust account, which, consistent with a
traditional SPAC structure, would require a vote of the company s shareholders and in connection with which shareholders would
have the right to redeem their public shares. 

29 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

You will not be provided
with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business
combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination,
unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential
business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business
days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our
initial business combination, the Sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

The Sponsor owns, on an
as-converted basis, 25 of our outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the private placement shares). In addition, the Sponsor owns 637,500
private placement shares. The Sponsor and members of our management team also may from time-to-time purchase Class A ordinary shares
prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we seek
shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under
Cayman Islands law, which requires either the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the company or, if no meeting is held, the unanimous written approval of all the shareholders who have the right to attend and vote
at a general meeting of the company. In such case, the Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder
shares, private placement shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to the Sponsor s
founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 4,535,417 shares, or approximately 31.6 (assuming all issued and outstanding
shares, excluding the private placement shares of the underwriters, are voted), or no additional shares (assuming only the minimum number
of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 14,375,000 public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor
of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination, the agreement by the Sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial
business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 

The ability of our public shareholders
to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make
it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into
a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such
closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause
our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above,
we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination.
Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public shareholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into
an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore
will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If
a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the
cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive
equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to
complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting
commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business
combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced
by the deferred underwriting commission and, after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation
to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 

30 

The ability of our public shareholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination
would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business
combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have
a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our
initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until
we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market;
however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation,
you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate
or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

The
requirement that we consummate an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18,
2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) may give
potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct
due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine
our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate
an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business
combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over
us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target
business then we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get
closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial
business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

Our search for a business combination,
and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus
(COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In December 2019, a
novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and
other parts of the world, including the United States. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a Public
Health Emergency of International Concern on January 30, 2020 and a pandemic on March 11, 2020. The COVID-19
pandemic has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that could
adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate
a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. For example, the growth companies we expect to target for our business
combination may be impacted by reduced sales of its products due to reduced demand caused by the pandemic. While vaccination campaigns
have begun in a number of countries, the COVID-19 outbreak continues globally, including in Israel. Furthermore, we may be unable to
complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel and limit our ability to have
meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers and to consummate a transaction
in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which
are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the
actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern
continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with
which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, our ability
to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and
other events, including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity, the effects of inflation, the Russian
invasion of Ukraine and global supply chain concerns. 

31 

We may not be able to consummate an initial
business by January 18, 2024, in which case (unless such date is extended up to 18 months to July 18, 2024) we would cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We
may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (unless
such date is extended up to 18 months to July 18, 2024) we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we
would redeem our public shares and liquidate. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by
general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak
of COVID-19 continues both in the United States, Israel and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will
depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased
market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally,
the outbreak of COVID-19, the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia, the increased rate of inflation in the United States and other events
(such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses
we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up
to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide
that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing
procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.20 per public
share, or less than 10.20 per public share, on the redemption of their public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See 
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our
initial business combination, the Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase
public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of
our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, the Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately
negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although
they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that the Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates
purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights,
such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such transaction
could be to (i) increase the likelihood of closing the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination
or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such
purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be
reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the
quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13
and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See Business Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description
of how our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any
private transaction. n for a description of how the Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates
will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice
of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures
for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the
proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination.
Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe
the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder
fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Proposed Business Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights . 

32 

You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced
to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion
of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly
elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or
timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A
ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination by January 18,
2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary
shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from
the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial
business combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination
as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no
other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants also will
not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment,
you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

We were approved to list
our units on the Nasdaq beginning on January 13, 2023 and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants on their date of separation,
which was February 28, 2023. Although we meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the
Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the Nasdaq in the future
or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business
combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization
(generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 400 public holders). 

Additionally, our units
will not be traded after the completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination,
we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued
listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq. 

For instance, our share
price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and we would be required to have a minimum of 400 round lot holders
(with at least 50 of such round lot holding securities with a market value of at last 2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. 

If the Nasdaq delists any
of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we
expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse
consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock, which
 will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent
 rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
 market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

33 

The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities,
which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, our Class A ordinary shares, and warrants are
listed on the Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although
the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies
if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of
covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale
of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies
unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in
their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute
and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

You will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of
the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination,
we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible
assets in excess of 5,000,000, as disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 24, 2023, which
included an audited balance sheet demonstrating that fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors
in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, you will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among
other things, this means our units were immediately tradable and we have a longer period to complete an initial business combination,
than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if we were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release
of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in
connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group 
of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such
shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together
with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent.
However, we would not be restricting our shareholders to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our
initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions.
Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination.
And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required
to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because of our limited resources and the
significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only
approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will
expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or
investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be
relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we
could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units, our ability
to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business
combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources
available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our
public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our
trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held
in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public
share and other risk factors herein. 

34 

As the number of SPACs evaluating targets
increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost
of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In recent years, the
number of SPACs that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for SPACs have already entered into an initial
business combination, and there are still many SPACs seeking targets preparing for their initial business combination public offering,
as well as many such companies currently in registration with the SEC. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available,
and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

In addition, because there
are more SPACs seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with
attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive
deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases
in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase
the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result
in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

If the net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the private placement units not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate
until January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination), it could limit the
amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination,
and we will depend on loans from the Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our
initial business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of
the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units, only approximately 1,450,000 was available to us initially
outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements and as of March 31, 2022, approximately 1,015,869 remained
available to us outside of the trust account. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with
funds available from loans from the Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team, will be sufficient to allow us to
operate until January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination);
however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and the Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are
under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the
funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of
the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target
businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such
target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do
so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were
subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to
continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

If we are required to seek
additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from the Sponsor or its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties
to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of the Sponsor, members of our management team or their affiliates is under any obligation
to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to
us upon the completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units
of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per private placement-equivalent unit at the option of the lender.
Such units would be identical to the private placement units. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination,
we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust
account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient
funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may
only receive an estimated 10.20 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire
worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and
the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein. 

35 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructure our operations or incur impairment or other charges
that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which
could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues
with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may
be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result
in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items
and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market
perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which
we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination
debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than
 10.20 per public share. 

Our placing of funds in
the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties
may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the
trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well
as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets,
including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held
in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition,
there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 12 months from by January 18, 2024
(or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K), or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required
to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following
redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per public share
initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement, the form of which is filed as
an exhibit to the registration statement, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third
party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which
we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per
public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that
may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective
target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

36 

However, we have not asked
the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations nor have we independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and we believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we
cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by
third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of the Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and the Sponsor
asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our
independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations,
the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per public
share. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for
any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares).
Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the
trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an
action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely
affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. Although we have purchased a directors and officers liability insurance policy, such policy may be insufficient
to cover our indemnification obligations. Any such insufficiency could (i) deplete the trust account and affect our ability to consummate
an initial business combination or (ii) negatively impact our profits and operations following an initial business combination. 

Changes in the market for directors and
officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

Recently, the market for
directors and officers liability insurance for SPACs has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies
are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and
the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased
availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as
a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse
impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after
we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims
arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior our initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors
and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off
insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere
with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

37 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members
of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our
board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute
the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our
board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing
itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in
the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our
shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be
reduced. 

If, before distributing
the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy
or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy or insolvency law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over
the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise
be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter
into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that
immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves
and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our officers and directors who knowingly and willfully
authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for
five years in the Cayman Islands. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting
until after the consummation of our initial business combination. 

In accordance with the Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end
following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings
to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors
and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors
being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving
a three-year term. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote
on the election of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In addition, prior to our initial business
combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you
may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 

38 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector or geographical region nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which
to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s
operations. 

We may pursue business combination
opportunities in any sector or geographical region, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with
nominal operations. Because we have not yet identified or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination,
there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations,
cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business
or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations
of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or
that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us
with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you
that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity
were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction
in value. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in
industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented
to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will
endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove
to be less favorable than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect
to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly
applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding the
areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result,
our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose
to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter
into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business
that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which
may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements,
or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated
our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public
share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

39 

We may not be able to complete an initial
business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations
and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), or is ultimately prohibited. 

We and the Sponsor have
substantial ties with non-U.S. persons. We may therefore be considered a foreign person under regulations administered
by CFIUS and could continue to be considered as such in the future so long as the Sponsor or other non-U.S. persons have the ability
to exercise control over us for purposes of CFIUS s regulations. While we are primarily targeting business combinations with Israeli
technology companies, we are permitted to enter into business combinations with other companies, including U.S. businesses. As such,
an initial business combination with a U.S. business is subject to CFIUS review, the scope of which was expanded by the Foreign Investment
Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive
U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations
that are now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential initial business combination
with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or that
we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with our initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS
intervention, before or after closing our initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination,
impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all
or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may limit the attractiveness of
or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and
our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited
and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign
ownership issues. 

Moreover,
the process of government review, whether by the CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our initial
business combination. If we cannot complete our initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18,
2024, if we extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K) because the review process drags on beyond such timeframe or because our initial business combination is ultimately prohibited
by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public shareholders may only receive
 10.20 per public share, or less than 10.20 per public share, on the liquidation of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless.
This will also cause our investors to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on
your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion
from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and, consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that
the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
or another independent entity commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial
point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine
fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Because we must furnish our shareholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination
with some prospective target businesses. 

The U.S. federal securities
laws require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include
historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure
in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements
may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS,
depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool
of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose
such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. 

40 

Resources could be wasted in researching
acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with
another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and
our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not
to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not
be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business
combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have
not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and
increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ending December 31, 2023. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and
no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm
attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance
with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target
business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject
to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though
a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder
approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to the Sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary
shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed
business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any
shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search
for an alternate business combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that
our shareholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a
business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased
redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their
warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. 

Amending our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman
Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of
the company, or, if no meeting is held, the unanimous written approval of all the shareholders who have the right to attend and vote
at a general meeting of the company. 

Amending our warrant agreement
will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private
placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the
then outstanding private placement warrants. For more information on how or when we may amend our warrant arrangement, see 
We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders
of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise
period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased,
all without your approval. 

41 

In
addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares
the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if
we do not complete our initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time
to complete a business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed
to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an
exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

The provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions
of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution, which
requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company,
which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some
of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies
have a provision in their charter that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights
of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies,
amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A
ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of units into
the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders
as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of
funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 50 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial
business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend
and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. The
Sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 25 of our Class A ordinary
shares upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in the Initial Public Offering and
excluding the private placement shares), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than
some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our
shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

The
Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders
of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to
redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18,
2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the
limitations described herein. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result,
will not have the ability to pursue remedies against the Sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements.
As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

42 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Although we believe that
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units will be sufficient to allow us to complete
our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements
for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units prove
to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search
of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business
combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that
such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies
to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial
business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and
seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our
initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure
additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of the
Sponsor, officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business
combination. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our
desired results. 

We may seek business combination
opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement
such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination
may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete
our initial business combination with a large, complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected
by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing
our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations,
we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If
we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may
not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us
with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination
may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

We may have a limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business
whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations
and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities
following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, we
may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers and directors have agreed that
we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption
from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

43 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 
 
 our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on
 demand; 
 
 our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
 our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 
 
 our
 inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 
 
 using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared,
 expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
 
 limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 
 
 increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; and 
 
 limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages
 compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units, which will cause us to be solely
dependent on a single business that may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact
our operations and profitability. 

The net proceeds from the
Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units provided us with 146,625,000 that we may use to complete our
initial business combination. 

We may effectuate our initial
business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the
SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined
basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous
economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible
spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities that may have the resources to complete several business combinations
in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 
 
 dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
 or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and
give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and
delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks,
including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and
results of operations. 

44 

We may attempt to complete our initial
business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with
a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally
exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination
on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected,
if at all. 

Risks Relating to our Securities 

The securities in which we invest the funds
held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that
the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

The proceeds held in the
trust account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded
negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years,
and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies
in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro rata share
of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to
complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in
trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions on the nature of our investments
and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination.
In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment company with the SEC, adoption
of a specific form of corporate structure, and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and
regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

In order not to be regulated
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged
primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing,
reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S.
government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination
and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with
a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We
do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust
account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement,
the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments,
and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses
in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within
the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Initial Public Offering was not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments
in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to
occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly
tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as
described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of
holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination by January 18,
2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K), our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public
shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were
deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses
for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial
business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

45 

You may experience substantial dilution
of our Class A ordinary shares due to anti-dilution provisions in the founder shares. 

The anti-dilution provisions
of the founder shares may result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of
the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbate dilution to the extent that public shareholders
seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the founder shares,
any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive
to our Class A ordinary shares. 

The nominal purchase price paid by the
Sponsor for the founder shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your public shares upon the consummation of
our initial business combination. 

We offered our units
at an offering price of 10.00 per unit and the amount in our trust account is 10.20 per public share, implying an initial value of
 10.20 per public share. However, prior to the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor paid a nominal aggregate purchase price of 25,000
for the founder shares, or approximately 0.005 per share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly diluted
upon the consummation of our initial business combination, when the founder shares are converted into public shares. For example, the
following table shows the dilutive effect of the founder shares on the implied value of the public shares upon the consummation of our
initial business combination, assuming that our equity value at that time is 146,625,000, which is the amount we have in the trust account
for our initial business combination, assuming no interest is earned on the funds held in the trust account and no public shares are
redeemed in connection with our initial business combination, and without taking into account any other potential impacts on our valuation
at such time, such as the trading price of our public shares, the business combination transaction costs, any equity issued or cash paid
to the target s sellers or other third parties, or the target s business itself, including its assets, liabilities, management
and prospects, as well as the value of our public and private placement warrants. At such valuation, each of our ordinary shares would
have an implied value of approximately 7.09 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination, which would be an approximately
30.5 decrease as compared to the initial implied value per public share of 10.20. 

Public shares 
 14,375,000 
 
 Founder shares 
 4,791,667 
 
 Private placement shares (included in private placement units) 
 762,500 
 
 Total shares 
 19,929,167 
 
 Total funds in trust available for initial business combination (less deferred underwriter
 commissions) 
 141,218,750 
 
 Initial implied value per public share 
 10.20 
 
 Implied value per share upon consummation of initial business combination 
 7.09 

The value of the founder shares following
completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the
trading price of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

The Sponsor has invested
in us an aggregate of 6,400,000 comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares and the 6,375,000 purchase price for
its private placement units. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination,
the founder shares and private placement shares held by the Sponsor would have an aggregate value of 54,291,670 (assuming no value is
attributed to the private placement warrants). Even if the trading price of our ordinary shares was as low as approximately 1.17 per
share, the value of the founder shares and private placement shares would be equal to the Sponsor s initial investment in us. As
a result, the Sponsor is likely to be able to recoup its investment in us and make a substantial profit on that investment, even if our
public shares have lost significant value. Accordingly, our management team, which owns interests in the Sponsor, may have an economic
incentive that differs from that of the public shareholders to pursue and consummate an initial business combination rather than to liquidate
and to return all of the cash in the trust to the public shareholders, even if that business combination were with a riskier or less-established
target business. For the foregoing reasons, you should consider our management team s financial incentive to complete an initial
business combination when evaluating whether to redeem your shares prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. 

46 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary
shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after the completion of
our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio
greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely
present other risks. 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per
share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 2,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share.
There are 184,862,500 and 15,208,333 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively,
available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or
shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert
into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights
or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time
of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. Immediately after the Initial Public Offering, there will be no preference shares issued and
outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial
number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee
incentive plan after the completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection
with our redeeming the warrants as described in or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. 

However, our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association will provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business
combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account
or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with
the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance
of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering, which
 dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares
 resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis
 upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are
 issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could
 cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares
 and/or warrants; and 

may
 not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

47 

Unlike some other similarly structured
blank check companies, the Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business
combination. 

The founder shares will
automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have
any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business
combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the
number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 25 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public
Offering (excluding the private placement shares), plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued
or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of our initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in our
initial business combination and any private placement units issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any members of our management team
upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares
at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which initial shareholders
will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to an initial business combination. 

48 

We are not registering the offer and sale
of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this
time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being
able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

We
are not registering the offer and sale of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities
Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of that certain that certain Warrant Agreement, by and
between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, dated January 12, 2023 (the Warrant Agreement ),
we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination,
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such ordinary shares,
and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of
our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to
those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for
example, any facts or events arise that represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus,
the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop
order. If the offer and sale of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not registered under the Securities
Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis.
However, we will not be obligated to issue any Class A ordinary shares to holders seeking to exercise their public warrants, unless
the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state
of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares
are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered
security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who
exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to register or qualify the offer and sale of the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is
not available. Additionally, if we call the public warrants for redemption, our management will have the option to require all holders
that wish to exercise public warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In the event of an exercise of a warrant on a cashless basis, a holder
would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (as defined in the next sentence) by (y) the fair
market value. The fair market value is the volume-weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10
trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent. Exercising the warrants
on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our Company
because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold.
In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants
in the event that we are unable register or qualify the issuance of the Class A shares underlying the warrants under applicable state
securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not
so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise
such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a
purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units.
There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their
private placement warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units
sold in the Initial Public Offering. In such an instance, the Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and
officers) would be able to exercise their private placement warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares underlying their private
placement warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying Class A
ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register
or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem
the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

49 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the
purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the
description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision (ii) removing or reducing the Company s
ability to redeem the Public Warrants, or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under
the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely
affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding
public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly,
we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public
warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision
of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants.
Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants
is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert
the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of
a warrant. 

Our warrant agreement and rights agreement
designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and
exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability
of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement and
rights agreement provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New
York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction,
which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Accordingly,
our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder, and holders of our warrants will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have
consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement and rights agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within
the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants,
such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State
of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ),
and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s
counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision
may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company,
which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement and rights agreement
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem
the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, but not earlier than ninety (90)
days after the initial business combination, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A
ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the
exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice
of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may
exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state
securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants.
Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time
when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise
wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for
redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. 

None of the private placement warrants are redeemable
by us. 

50 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants representing
the right to purchase 14,375,000 Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered by the prospectus and, simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we issued 762,500 private placement warrants as part of the private placement units we
sold, with each private placement warrant representing the right to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment. In addition, if the Sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may
convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into private placement-equivalent units of the post-business combination entity at a price
of 10.00 per private placement-equivalent unit at the option of the lender. Such units would be identical to the private placement units
and could result in the issuance of up to 150,000 additional warrants, in the aggregate. 

To the extent we issue ordinary
shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion of these rights could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a business. Such warrants, when exercised or converted, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary
shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may
make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike most blank check companies,
if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (the Newly Issued Price ),
(ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net
of redemptions), and (iii) the market value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the market value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the market value and the Newly Issued Price.
This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

We may issue our shares to investors in
connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. 

In connection with our initial
business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00
per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable
us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and
potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may
consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors
to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

The
U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we issued in the Initial Public Offering
is unclear under current law . 

The U.S. federal income tax
consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants included in the units we issued in the Initial Public Offering is unclear under current
law. Additionally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares would suspend the running of a U.S.
holder s period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A
ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be taxed at the long-term capital
gains rate for U.S. federal income tax purposes. See the section titled Taxation United States Federal
Income Tax Considerations for a summary of the U.S. federal income tax considerations of an investment in our securities. Prospective
investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing
of our securities. 

51 

Because we are incorporated under the laws
of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S.
federal courts may be limited. 

We are an exempted limited
company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process
within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our
directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs will
be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented, revised
or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the
United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities
of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law
of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedents in the Cayman Islands as well as from English
common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights
of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be
under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body
of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially
interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative
action in a federal court of the United States. 

We have been advised by our
Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments
of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any
state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are
penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the
United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction
without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an
obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced
in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine
or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained
in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards
of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands court may stay enforcement proceedings
if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the
above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members
of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

If
we have not consummated an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if
we extend the time to complete a business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), our public shareholders
may be forced to wait beyond such period before redemption from our trust account. 

If
we have not consummated an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the
time to complete a business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), the proceeds then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further
described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust
account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding
up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced
to wait beyond January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024 if we extend the time to complete a business combination) before the
redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and they can receive the return of their pro rata portion of the
proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation
unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon
our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination
and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

52 

The warrants may become exercisable and
redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security
at this time. 

In certain situations, including
if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than
the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement,
you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving
company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within
15 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

The grant of registration rights to the
Sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely
affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to that certain
registration rights agreement entered into January 12, 2023, by and among our Company, the Sponsor, BTIG, Exos Capital LLC and JonesTrading
Institutional Services LLC (the Registration Rights Agreement , the Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand
that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants
and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will
be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the costs of registering these securities. The registration and availability
of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A
ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult
to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or
ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities
owned by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. 

We may reincorporate or become a tax resident
in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation or change in tax residency may result
in taxes imposed on shareholders and warrant holders. 

We may, in connection with
our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction
in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. Tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant
facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. The transaction
may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder
is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions
to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes
with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. In addition, regardless of whether we reincorporate in another jurisdiction,
we could be treated as tax resident in the jurisdiction in which the partner company or business is located, which could result in adverse
tax consequences to us (e.g., taxation on our worldwide income in such jurisdiction) and to our shareholders or warrant holders (e.g.,
withholding taxes on dividends and taxation of disposition gains). 

53 

If we take advantage of Nasdaq s controlled
company standards, we would be exempt from various corporate governance requirements. 

Nasdaq listing rules generally
define a Controlled Company as any company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held
by an individual, a group or another company. Prior to the vote on our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares
will have the right to vote on the election of directors; provided, however, that with respect to the election of directors in connection
with a meeting of the shareholders of the Company in which a business combination is submitted to the shareholders of the Company for
approval, holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares, voting together as a single class,
shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors. Other than pursuant to the provision in the preceding sentence,
holders of the Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors prior to the consummation of our
initial business combination. All of the founder shares will be held by the Sponsor. Accordingly, prior to the vote on our initial business
combination, we would likely satisfy the definition of being a controlled company. As indicated herein, we will not use the related exemptions
to Nasdaq s governance rules under the controlled company standards. However, if we were to change our intentions and take
advantage of the controlled company standards, we would be exempt from various corporate governance requirements such as the requirement
to have a majority of independent directors and to have nominating/corporate governance and compensation committees comprised entirely
of independent directors. 

We identified a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the fact that the Company
has not yet designed and maintained effective controls relating to the accounting for offering costs related to the Company's initial
public offering If we are unable to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence
in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 

In connection with our audit as of and for the periods
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the fact
that the Company has not yet designed and maintained effective controls relating to the accounting for offering costs related to the Company's
initial public offering. See Item 9A. Controls and Procedures for more information. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We have and continue to take steps to remediate the material
weakness, but there is no assurance that any remediation efforts will ultimately have the intended effects. If we identify any new material
weaknesses in the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our
accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may
be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable
stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result.
We cannot assure stockholders that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to
avoid potential future material weaknesses. 

Risks Relating to the Sponsor and Management
Team 

Past performance by our management team
or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance
is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our Team or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee
of either (i) our ability successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination
that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our Team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future
performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our Team has limited experience in
operating SPACs. 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may
join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target
business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management,
director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target
business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be
able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s
retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their
motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon the completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we
contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
remain in place. 

54 

Certain of our executive officers and directors
may allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote
to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. Our
executive officers may be engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our
executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also
serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require
them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability
to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete
discussion of our executive officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10 - Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Officers and Directors. 

Our officers and directors presently have,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check
company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial
business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of
our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other
entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity,
subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target
business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 

In addition, the Sponsor,
officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that
are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank
check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law:
(i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract,
to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we
renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which
may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other, unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person in their capacity as a director or officer of our company and the opportunity is one we are permitted to complete
on a reasonable basis. 

For
a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest
that you should be aware of, please see Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Officers
and Directors, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest and
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions . 

Our advisors and members of our management
team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies.
Certain of those persons may have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including
related to those companies or otherwise. The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming and could divert our advisors'
and our management's attention, and may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. 

During the course of their
careers, our advisors and members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members,
officers, executives or employees of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain of those
persons may have been, may be or may in the future become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including relating
to the business affairs of such companies, transactions entered into by such companies, or otherwise. Our advisors and individual members
of our management team and board of directors also may become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings involving claims
or allegations related to or as a result of their personal conduct, either in their capacity as an advisor, corporate officer or director
or otherwise, and may be personally named in such actions and potentially subject to personal liability. Any such liability may or may
not be covered by insurance and/or indemnification, depending on the facts and circumstances. The defense or prosecution of these matters
could be time-consuming. Any litigation, investigations or other proceedings and the potential outcomes of such actions may divert the
attention and resources of our advisors and our management team and board of directors away from identifying and selecting a target business
or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete
an initial business combination. 

55 

Our executive officers, directors, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary
or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest.
In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with the Sponsor, our directors or executive
officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities
of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

The personal and financial
interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing
a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target
business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination
are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to
us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders 
rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We may engage one or more of our underwriters
or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection
with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled
to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business
combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services
to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

We may engage one or more
of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services, including, for example, identifying potential
targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing transactions.
We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an
arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates
and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates prior to the
date that is 60 days from the date of the prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in
connection with the Initial Public Offering. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that are
conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial
interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing
any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial
business combination. 

We may engage in a business combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with the Sponsor, executive officers,
directors or initial shareholders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of the Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with the Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. The Sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in
other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may
compete with us for business combination opportunities. The Sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities
for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive
discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting,
any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our
criteria and guidelines for a business combination as set forth in Business Business Combination Criteria 
and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness
to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated
with the Sponsor, executive officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result,
the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

56 

Since the Sponsor, executive officers and
directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public
shares they may acquire during or after the Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular
business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
January 26, 2022, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001. On March 4, 2022, we effected a share capitalization with respect to our Class B ordinary shares
of 1,150,000, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 6,900,000 founder shares. On August 18, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered
for no consideration 1,150,000 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 5,750,000 founder shares. On
November 17, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 958,333 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in our initial shareholders
holding 4,791,667 founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the Sponsor, the company had no assets,
tangible or intangible. The per-share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by
the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition,
the Sponsor and the underwriters purchased, pursuant to a written agreement, an aggregate of 762,500 private placement units (637,500
private placement units by the Sponsor and 125,000 private placement units by the underwriters) at a price of 10.00 per unit 7,625,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. If we
do not consummate an initial business by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024, if we extend the time to complete
a business combination as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), the private placement warrants included in the
private placement units will expire worthless. In addition, our executive officers and directors will hold an indirect interest in
the founder shares and the private placement units owned by the Sponsor through their membership interests in the Sponsor. The personal
and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business
combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following our initial business combination.
This risk may become more acute as the 12-month anniversary of the closing of the Initial Public Offering (which may be extended to
up to 18 months) nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may
not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial
business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 
of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will
not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting
securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business
combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a
transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital
stock, shares or other entity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could
own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders
may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion the company s shares than
we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target
business. 

The Sponsor controls a substantial interest
in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

The
Sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 25 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the private placement shares). Accordingly,
it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including
amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If the Sponsor purchases any units in the Initial
Public Offering or if the Sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated
transactions, this would increase its control. Neither the Sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current
intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Factors that would
be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary
shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by the Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each
of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not
hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all
of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general
meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered
for election. Accordingly, the Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination.
In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent
of the Sponsor. 

57 

Holders of Class A ordinary shares
will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors and certain other matters prior to our initial business combination. 

As holders of our Class A
ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation
of our initial business combination. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares
may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior
to the consummation of an initial business combination. In addition, prior to the closing of our initial business combination, only holders
of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on continuing the company in a jurisdiction outside of the Cayman Islands. 

After our initial business combination,
it is possible that a majority of our officers and directors will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located
outside the United States. Therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after
our initial business combination, a majority of our officers and directors will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets
will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United
States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United
States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our officers and directors under United States laws. 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends
on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition,
our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have
conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations
and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our
directors or executive officers. 

The unexpected loss of the
services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating
a Business in Foreign Countries 

Our strategy is focused on pursuing an acquisition
of Israeli technology companies. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, including
in Israel, for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional
risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, including in Israel, for our initial business combination, we would be
subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing
our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial
business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating
in an international setting, including in Israel, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

58 

complex withholding tax laws, including those relating to distributions or other payments; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

transparency issues in general and, more specifically, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption
compliance laws and issues; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete
such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may face risks related to companies in
the Israeli technology industry. 

Business combinations with
companies in the Israeli technology industry entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination
with such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, risks relating to the technology industry, which
may be increased by the special considerations of operating a business in Israel, including the following: 

an inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources; 

an inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; 

an inability to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber or customer satisfaction and loyalty; 

a reliance on proprietary technology to provide services and to manage our operations, and the failure of this technology to operate
effectively, or our failure to use such technology effectively; 

an inability to deal with our subscribers or customers privacy concerns; 

an inability to attract and retain subscribers or customers; 

an inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; 

any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third parties that we would utilize in our operations; 

an inability by us, or a refusal by third parties, to license content to us upon acceptable terms; 

potential liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials
that we may distribute; 

competition for advertising revenue; 

59 

competition for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending of subscribers or customers, which may intensify in
part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior; 

disruption or failure of our networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, cyber-attacks, misappropriation
of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of information or similar
events; 

an inability to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support; and 

reliance on third-party vendors or service providers. 

In addition, business combinations
with Israeli technology companies could be affected by political conditions in Israel. Since the establishment of the State of Israel
in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have occurred between Israel and its Arab neighbors. Any hostilities involving Israel, or the interruption
or curtailment of trade between Israel and its present trading partners, could affect adversely our operations. Ongoing and revived hostilities
or other Israeli political or economic factors could affect our ability to complete a business combination with an Israeli technology
company or the operations of the post-combination business. Furthermore, several countries restrict business with Israel and Israeli companies. 

Any of the foregoing could
have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses
will not be limited to the Israeli technology industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks
we will be subject to risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, which may or
may not be different than those risks listed above. 

If our management following our initial
business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with
such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial business
combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business
at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States
securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect
our operations. 

After our initial business combination,
substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations
in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political
and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

Although our strategy is
focused on the United States and Israel, we may pursue a target company operating in other countries. The economic, political and social
conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth
could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in
the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending
in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency
policies may diminish a target business ability to succeed in the international markets. 

In the event we acquire a
non-U.S. target, such as an Israel-centered entity, as we are planning to do, a substantial portion of revenues and income would likely
be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected
by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currency in our target region Israel fluctuates
relative to the U.S. dollar and is affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative
value of that currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation
of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency such as the Israeli
currency (the New Israeli Shekel) appreciates in value against the U.S. dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate a transaction
with that business. 

60 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements
and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

In connection with our initial
business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine
to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement
of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability
to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities
or capital. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other
legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those
laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations,
as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our
initial business combination, and results of operations. 

General Risk Factors 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. In addition, the risk of state-supported and geopolitical-related cybersecurity attacks may increase in connection
with the war in Ukraine and any related political or economic responses and counter-responses. The Russian Federation could resort to
cyberattacks and other action that could impact businesses including those without any direct business ties to the Russian Federation.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
loss. 

We are subject to changing laws and regulations
regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and
regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which is charged with the protection of investors and the oversight
of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply
with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative
expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 

Moreover, because these laws,
regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes
available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing
revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes,
we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 

On March 30, 2022, the
SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving special
purpose acquisition corporations and private operating companies and increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed
business combination transactions. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially increase the
costs and time required to negotiate and complete an initial business combination and could potentially impair our ability to complete
an initial business combination. 

61 

We may be a passive foreign investment company,
or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any
taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants,
the U.S. holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements.
Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on the status of an acquired company pursuant to a business
combination and whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the
start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly,
there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. In addition,
our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the
start-up exception, potentially not until after the end of the two taxable years following our current taxable year). If we determine
we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. holder such information as the Internal
Revenue Service may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. holder to make and maintain a
 qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and
such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. holders to consult their tax advisors regarding
the possible application of the PFIC rules. For a more detailed discussion of the tax consequences of PFIC classification to U.S. holders,
see the section below titled ervi s. 

We are an emerging growth company and a
smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less
attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain
an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the
completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in
which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by
non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion
in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive
because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which
means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging
growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage
of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares
held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million
during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the
prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial
statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

62 

Recent increases in
inflation in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination. 

Recent increases in inflation
in the United States and elsewhere may be leading to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may
lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate
a business combination. 

Military conflict in Ukraine could make
it more difficult for us to consummate a business combination. 

Military conflict in Ukraine
may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and to other national, regional and international
economic disruptions and economic uncertainty, any of which could make it more difficult for us to identify a business combination partner
and consummate a business combination on acceptable commercial terms or at all. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

The Company has not received any written comments
from the staff of the SEC regarding its periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act that remain unresolved. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We maintain our executive
offices at 12600 Hill Country Blvd., Building R, Suite 275, Bee Cave, Texas 78738. The cost for our use of the office space is included
in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services pursuant to the Administrative
Services Agreement. Upon the completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be a party to various claims and legal
proceedings from time to time. We are not subject to any pending material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal
proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

63 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S UNITS, RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF UNITS 

Our units, Class A ordinary
shares, and public warrants each trade on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols ISRLU, ISRL and ISRLW, 
respectively. Our units began trading on January 13, 2023, and our Class A ordinary shares and public warrants began separate
public trading on February 28, 2023. Our Class B ordinary shares are not listed on any exchange. We do not have any preference
shares outstanding. 

Holders of Record 

As of March 31, 2023,
there were five holders of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, one holder of record of our
Class B ordinary shares, and one holders of record of our warrants. There are no record holders of our preference shares. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial
business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time and we will only pay such dividend out of our
profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under applicable law. In addition, our board of directors is
not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share capitalizations in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Performance Graph 

Not Applicable. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

On January 18, 2023,
we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 14,375,000 units. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating
total gross proceeds of 143,750,000. BTIG, LLC was the representative of the underwriters and acted as the sole book-running manager
of our Initial Public Offering. The offer and sale of the securities in the Initial Public Offering were registered under the Securities
Act on registration statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-263658). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on January 12,
2021. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering we completed the private sale of: 

an aggregate of 637,500 private placement units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating
gross proceeds to us of 6,375,000, 

an aggregate of 75,000 private placement units to BTIG, LLC, at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating
gross proceeds to us of 750,000; 

an aggregate of 25,000 private placement units to Exos Capital LLC, at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating
gross proceeds to us of 250,000; and 

an aggregate of 25,000 private placement units to JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC, at a purchase price of 10.00 per private
placement unit generating gross proceeds to the Company of 250,000. 

64 

The private placement units are identical to the
units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the private placement warrants, (i) are not redeemable by us, (ii) may
not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by such holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised the
option of the holders on a cashless basis, and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts or commissions
were paid with respect to such sales of the private placement units. The issuance of the private placement units was made pursuant to
the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering, including the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, and the sale of the private placement units,
an aggregate of 146,625,000 was placed in the trust account. 

In connection with the Initial Public Offering,
we incurred offering costs of approximately 8,642,960 (including deferred underwriting commissions of approximately 5,406,250). Other
incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the Initial Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting
discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial business combination,
if consummated) and the Initial Public Offering expenses, 146,625,000 million of the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and
certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the private placement units (or 10.00 per unit sold in the Initial Public Offering)
was placed in the trust account. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement
units are held in the trust account and invested as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a description of the use
of the proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

65 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related
thereto, which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Report. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements , Item 1A. Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the Cayman Islands as an exempted limited company on August 24, 2021, for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units,
the proceeds of the sale of our securities in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements
or backstop agreements we may enter), securities issued to the owners of the target of our initial business combination, debt issued to
bank or other lenders or the owners of the target of our initial business combination, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

On January 12, 2023, the SEC declared the
registration statement for our Initial Public Offering effective. On January 18, 2022, we consummated our Initial Public Offering
of 14,375,000 units, which included the full exercise the underwriters over-allotment option in the amount of 1,875,000 units,
at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 143,750,000. Each unit is comprised of one Class A ordinary share and one public
warrant. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the sale of (i) 637,500 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit in
a private placement to the Sponsor, (ii) 75,000 private placement units at price of 10.00 per private placement unit in a private
placement to BTIG, LLC, (iii) 25,000 private placement units at price of 10.00 per private placement unit in a private placement
to Exos Capital LLC, and (iv) 75,000 private placement units at price of 10.00 per private placement unit in a private placement
to JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC. 

Following the closing of our Initial Public Offering on January 18,
2023, an amount of 146,625,000 10.00 per unit sold in our Initial Public Offering) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in
the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units was placed in the trust account. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from August 24, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were
organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and ongoing legal, accounting
and professional service fees and costs associated with identifying a target. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until
after the completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on
marketable securities held after the Initial Public Offering. We expect that we will incur increased expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with
searching for, and completing, an initial business combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we
had net loss of 71,941, which consisted of formation and operating expenses. In comparison, for the period from August 24, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of 5,059, which consisted of formation and operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 8,305 in
operating cash and a working capital deficit of 707,167 compared to 0 in operating cash and a working capital deficit of 39,456 as
of December 31, 2021. 

66 

On January 18, 2023, we consummated its Initial
Public Offering or 14,375,000 units, including the issuance of 1,875,000 units as a result of the underwriter s exercise of its
over-allotment option in full. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the
holder thereof to purchase one ordinary share for 11.50 per ordinary share, subject to adjustment. The units were sold at a price of
 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 143,750,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 762,500 private placement units to Sponsor, BTIG, LLC, Exos Capital LLC, and JonesTrading
Institutional Services LLC, at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, for an aggregate of 7,625,000. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on January 18, 2023, 146,625,000 10.20 per unit sold in the Initial Public Offering) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement units was placed in the trust account, , until the earlier
of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in
connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and (iii) the redemption
of the our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18,
2024, if the Company extends the time to complete a business combination), which was the date we closed our Initial Public Offering. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less deferred underwriting fees and
income taxes payable), to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital shares or debt is used, in whole or
in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used
as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the funds held outside the trust
account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an initial business combination. 

To fund working capital deficiencies or finance
transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may
repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that an initial business combination does
not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from
our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units
at a price of 10.00 per private placement-equivalent unit at the option of the lender. These units would be identical to the private
placement units. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business,
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. 

Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held
in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial
business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such initial business combination.
If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the Combination Period because we do not have sufficient funds available
to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

67 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. We pay 10,000 per month to the Sponsor for office space, administrative
and support services pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting
fee of 0.35 per unit, or 5,406,250 in the aggregate. The deferred underwriting fee was payable to the underwriter from the amounts held
in the trust account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Going Concern 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the current liquidity conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through one year from the date of filing this
Annual Report. The financial statements accompanying this Annual Report do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the
recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following critical accounting policies. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

Net Loss Per Ordinary Share 

Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of
625,000 Class B ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (Note
5). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised
or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic
loss per share for the period presented. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06,
 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU
2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP.
ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception,
and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU 2020-06 is effective on January 1, 2022,
with early adoption permitted. The Company early adopted ASU
2020-06 and it did not have an impact on the Company s financial statements. 

68 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

69 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This information appears following Item 15 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROL AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (who serves as our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of
December 31, 2022, because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness
identified relates to the fact that we have not yet designed and maintained effective controls relating to the accounting for offering
costs related to the Company's initial public offering. Specifically, certain accounting costs incurred through December 31, 2022 not directly or incrementally
related to the initial public offering were incorrectly recorded as deferred offering costs rather than expensed as incurred. 

Remediation Plan 

Our Chief Financial Officer will perform additional post-closing review
procedures including a review of the expenses classified as offering costs. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not
include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Attestation Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not
include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting due to an exemption
established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than the material
weakness set forth above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended
December 31, 2022, covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting except for the below: 

The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed additional
accounting and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures including consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting
for certain offering expenses. Our management has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources
for the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and
evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we have
expanded and will continue to improve these processes to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the
context of the increasingly complex accounting standards. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

As previously disclosed on our Current Report
on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 12, 2023, contemporaneously with the initial public offering, we entered into the
Warrant Agreement with American Stock Transfer Trust Company. Certain disclosures and risk factors contained in the final prospectus,
dated January 17, 2023, relating to the Warrant Agreement did not match the terms of the Warrant Agreement. Accordingly, we have
updated the following disclosures and risk factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be consistent with the Warrant Agreement: 

Item 1A. - Risk Factors - We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse
to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the
exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary
shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Item 1A. - Risk Factors - We are not registering the offer and sale of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration
may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants
except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. 

70 

Item 1A. Risk Factors - We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

Item 5. Market
for Registrant s Units, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Units Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings. 

ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

71 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Titles 
 
 Ziv Elul 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Sharon Barzik Cohen 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Izhar Shay 
 
 59 
 
 Director (Chairman) 
 
 Candice Beaumont 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Peter Cohen 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Roy Zisapel 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 Daniel Recanati 
 
 46 
 
 Director 

Officers and Directors 

Ziv
Elul serves as our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors. Mr. Elul has 16 years of industry
and managerial experience with start-up and high-growth technology businesses operating globally, which includes two acquisition transactions
and operational experience as the CEO of a publicly traded company. In 2007, Mr. Elul co-founded Inneractive, an independent automated
mobile platform with marketplace exchange capabilities and focused on powering video ads. He served as CEO of Inneractive, leading it
to outstanding profitability until its acquisition by Fyber N.V. (FSE:FBEN) a global provider of monetization platforms for mobile publishers,
in July 2017. Following the acquisition, Mr. Elul continued to serve as CEO and led the integration of the businesses under
one brand with a strong focus on cutting-edge technology. Under his leadership, Fyber N.V. reached profitability for the first time as
a combined company. In May 2021, Fyber N.V. was acquired for 600 million by a multi-billion dollar media and advertising solutions
company, Digital Turbine (Nasdaq:APPS), where he was appointed to serve as a strategic advisor supporting the integration. Prior to 2007,
Mr. Elul served as a Lieutenant Colonel in Israel s Reserves Corps. Mr. Elul is a member of the Israeli branch of the
Young Presidents Organization YPO ), a global network of young chief executives, and is deeply involved in the Israeli
high tech and startup ecosystem. Mr. Elul is an active investor in Israeli technology companies, with a portfolio of 18 company investments
to-date (including several successful exits, such as Spotinst (acquired by Net App for 450 million)) and an investor in seven venture
capital firms. He holds an Executive MBA from the Hebrew University which he graduated from with honors. 

Sharon
Barzik Cohen serves as our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors. In May 2021, Ms. Cohen
joined Qumra Capital, a leading growth capital fund that invests in late stage technology-driven companies, as Partner and Chief Operating
Officer. Before Qumra, she was CFO of the Storage Division at Dell EMC in Israel, having previously served since 2011 as CFO of XtremIO,
which developed all flash advanced storage solutions and was acquired by EMC in 2012 for 430M, one of the largest acquisitions in the
Israeli tech market at the time. In this role Ms.Cohen oversaw global finance teams worldwide, and was a member of the Dell Israel leadership
team. Prior to 2011, Ms. Cohen was CFO of N-trig, a developer of transparent electromagnetic digitizers for the mobile computers
market, which was acquired by Microsoft in 2015. From 1996 to 2003, she served as CFO of RadioTel, a leading networking company offering
next-generation SDH/Sonet network solutions. Ms. Cohen earned a BA in Psychology, summa cum laude, and an Executive MBA, cum laude,
both from Tel Aviv University. 

Izhar
Shay serves as Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Shay currently serves as a venture partner at Disruptive AI,
an early stage venture capital firm focused on AI investments. He also is the Chairman of Kendago, a leading digital marketing household
and is on the Board of Directors of Aquarius Engine (TASE: AQUA, Developer of a Two Sided Free Piston Linear Engine), Tastewise (an AI
based consumer insights platform for food beverage innovation) and Equinom (a food-tech company developing non-GMO plant-based
ingredients). From 2020 to 2021, Mr. Shay was Israel s Minister of Science and Technology. Prior to that Mr. Shay s
professional career included various management and business positions in the Israeli high-tech and venture capital sectors. Previously,
he worked as a high-tech entrepreneur and managed a number of companies for nearly ten years in the United States. In 1998, he co-founded
Business Layers, a developer of Identity Management software solutions, and served as the company s CEO until its sale in 2003 to
Netegrity (Nasdaq: NETE). From 2004-2005, Mr. Shay served as chairman and CEO of V-Secure Technologies, a developer of intrusion
prevention products intended to block cyber-attacks, which he led through its sale to Radware (NASDAQ: RDWR). In 2006, he joined the international
venture capital fund Canaan Partners as a partner and managed its investment activities in Israel until 2014. At that time, Canaan Partners
had assets under management of approximately 2.0B. Together with his partner, Ehud Levy, he co-founded Canaan Partners Israel in 2014,
which made investments in Israeli technology start-ups, focusing on investments in mobile, digital media, Internet, communications
and software. He served as a director at LiveU (acquired by Francisco Partners), Viewbix (acquired by Algomizer), Rollout.io, Drupe, and
RegulusX and served as a director at Prime Sense prior to its sale to Apple as well as at N-trig, which was sold to Microsoft. In 2015,
Mr. Shay was selected by the Israeli media outlet Geektime to be on the list of the 100 most influential people in the Israeli high-tech.
Mr. Shay was elected as a member of the Israeli parliament, where he served from 2019 to 2021. He was a member of the special Coronavirus
Cabinet, which was formed by the Israeli government, where he helped lead the national efforts confronting the challenges of the Covid-19
pandemic. 

72 

Candice
Beaumont serves as a member of our board of directors. Beginning in October 2020, Candice Beaumont began to serve
as an advisor to Springwater Special Situations Corp. (Nasdaq: SWSSU), a special purpose acquisition company formed to effectuate
a merger or similar transaction with one or more businesses, which completed its initial public offering on August 25, 2021 and is
currently searching for an initial business combination with a well-positioned business with operational improvements in Europe or elsewhere.
Ms. Beaumont is a member of the Board of Directors of Clean Earth Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: CLINU), a special purpose acquisition
company that completed its initial public offering in February 2022 and entered into a business combination agreement on October 12,
2022 for the purposes of acquiring substantially all of the subsidiaries of Alternus Energy Group Plc, a public limited company incorporated
under the laws of Ireland. Ms. Beaumont has served since 2016 as Chairman of the Salsano Group, a Panama based family office and
conglomerate invested in private equity. From 2003 to present, Ms. Beaumont has served as Chief Investment Officer of L Investments,
a single-family office invested in public and private equity. Ms. Beaumont speaks at numerous family office and investment conferences
globally, including the Stanford University Graduate School of Business Global Investor s Forum, is a NYU Stern Family Office Council
member serving on the Steering Committee, and is an Advisory Board member of the Family Office Association. From 2012 to 2014, Ms. Beaumont
was a member of the board of directors of I2BF Venture Fund II, a Dubai Financial Services Authority regulated clean tech venture capital
firm with offices in Dubai, New York and London, as well as an Advisory Board member of The Luxury Fund. Ms. Beaumont remains committed
to community and philanthropic causes and serves on the International Council of Advisors for Global Dignity, a charity founded by
Crown Prince Haakon of Norway to foster global respect and dignity across all borders, genders, religions and races. Ms. Beaumont
was part of the Milken Young Leaders Circle and is a member of the Milken Institute, as well as an active member of YPO. Ms. Beaumont
started her career in Corporate Finance at Merrill Lynch in 1996 and worked as an investment banker at Lazard Fr res from 1997
to 1999, during which time Ms. Beaumont executed over 20 billion of merger and acquisition advisory assignments. Ms. Beaumont
also worked in private equity at Argonaut Capital from 1999 to 2001. Ms. Beaumont obtained a Bachelor in Business Administration
from the University of Miami, graduating first in her class with a major of International Finance Marketing. Ms. Beaumont
was captain of the University of Miami varsity tennis team, where Ms. Beaumont earned Academic All-American honors, and is also a
former world-ranked professional tennis player. Ms. Beaumont completed Global Leadership Public Policy for the 21st Century
at Harvard Kennedy School in 2015. Ms. Beaumont was honored by Trusted Insight as one of the Top 30 Family Office Chief Investment
Officers in 2017 and as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2014. Ms. Beaumont has a broad network of relationships,
including investors in private and public equity, leading venture capital firms with compelling pre-initial public offering companies
and has expertise sourcing deals, evaluating private and public businesses, and conducting detailed due diligence and risk management. 

Peter
Cohen serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Cohen was an investment banker for approximately three decades,
advising CEOs and boards of directors on mission critical strategic and financing transactions. Most recently, from 2015 to 2020, he was
a Managing Director and Global Head of Media, Entertainment Sports Investment Banking at Barclays. In this role, he led a team
responsible for managing all client coverage efforts for the firm in these sectors globally. He primarily focused on the largest clients
in the Diversified and New Media and Sports sub-sectors, specializing in mergers acquisitions, as well as debt and equity capital
raising efforts, on behalf of clients worldwide. From 2009 to 2015, he had similar responsibilities as a Senior Managing Director at Blackstone.
Mr. Cohen started his investment banking career at JP Morgan in 1993. Some of the more noted transactions he participated in over
his thirty year career include: representing the Los Angeles Dodgers in their sale to Guggenheim Partners, the sale of the Chicago Cubs
to the Ricketts family, representing Altice NV in its acquisition of Cablevision Systems Corp., representing Cineworld Group PLC on its
acquisition of Regal Entertainment Group, and News Corporation on its acquisition of Dow Jones Company. 

Roy
Zisapel serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Zisapel is a co-founder of Radware (NASDAQ: RDWR), a leader
of cybersecurity and application delivery solutions for physical, cloud and software-defined data centers. Mr. Zisapel has served
as President and Chief Executive Officer of Radware since the company s inception in April 1997, and he is responsible for
the overall direction and strategy of the company. Under his leadership, Radware has grown from a startup to a global, Nasdaq-listed industry
leader with more than 35 offices and 1,100 employees worldwide. He was instrumental in raising over 200 million for Radware, which
included two public offerings: an initial public offering in September 1999 just two and a half years
after the company s inception and a follow-on offering in January 2000. Radware s growth has paralleled
working with some of the most prominent brands in the world, including commercial banks, stock exchanges, retailers, telecom companies
and mobile operators. Radware maintains strategic partnerships with Cisco, Checkpoint, IBM, Microsoft, Nokia, SAP and VMWare, among
others. Mr. Zisapel has led Radware through several successful acquisitions, including V-Secure Technologies (2005), Covelight Systems
(2007), Nortel s application delivery business, Alteon (2009), and Strangeloop Networks in 2013. Most recently, he oversaw the acquisition
of Seculert (2017) and ShieldSquare (2019). From 1996 to 1997, Mr. Zisapel was a team leader of research and development projects
for RND Networks Ltd. From 1994 to 1996, Mr. Zisapel was employed as a software engineer for other companies in Israel. Mr. Zisapel
graduated summa cum laude with a B.S. degree in mathematics and computer science from Tel Aviv University, where he was honored with the
International Wolf Prize for research students. Mr. Zisapel holds several U.S. patents and patent applications in the areas of global
load balancing, network proximity, traffic redirection and multi-homing. 

73 

Daniel
S. Recanati serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Recanati is the founder CEO of Rhodium, a
privately-owned investment firm with a diverse portfolio including some of Israel s most promising companies. Mr. Recanati
founded and invested in numerous tech ventures from early stage to growth, across different sectors such as fintech, foodtech, cyber,
AI, digital media, e-commerce, automotive, communication and mobile. Mr. Recanati is an early investor in successful Israeli companies
such as Outbrain (NASDAQ:OB), eToro, Yotpo, Storedot, Celsius, Face.com (acquired by Facebook), Hopstop (acquired by Apple), Zooz (acquired
by PayU), Rounds (acquired by Kik), Hexatier (acquired by Huawei), IMGN (acquired by WarnerMusic) and Compass (acquired by Sage).
For over two decades, Mr. Recanati has been focusing on accelerating social impact through technology, by co-founding and being closely
involved in a variety of community organizations. Mr. Recanati serves on the board of The Yahel Foundation, the Recanati family philanthropy
foundation, which aims to narrow social gaps by driving social processes and supporting non-profit organizations that advance education,
welfare and health. Mr. Recanati also serves on the board of MadaTech The Israel National Museum of Science
Technology and Space. Mr. Recanati co-founded and serves on the board of Apple Seeds Academy Tapuah ), an Israeli nonprofit
organization that was founded with the aim of bridging between Israel s growing tech sector and the digital peripheries. He also
serves on the board of Ogen - a non-profit social lending enterprise, providing affordable credit to disadvantaged segments
of the Israeli public. Mr. Recanati holds an LLB and BA from the Reichman University, Herzliya. 

Advisory Board 

We currently expect members
of our advisory board to (i) assist us in sourcing, negotiating and consummating a potential business combination, (ii) provide
their business insights when we assess potential business combination targets and (iii) upon our request, provide their business
insights as we work to create additional value in the businesses that we acquire. However, they have no written advisory agreement with
us. Additionally, these individuals own membership interests in us, but have no other employment or compensation arrangements with us.
They will not serve on the board or any committee thereof, nor will they have any voting or decision making capacity on our behalf. They
will also not be required to devote any specific amount of time to our efforts or be subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our
board members are subject. Accordingly, if any of them become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for us, they
are under no obligation to introduce it to us before any other prospective acquiror. We may utilize additional advisors from time to time. 

The following are the initial members of our advisory
board: 

Alex
Greystoke serves as a member of our advisory board and is one of our founders. Mr. Greystoke is a successful serial
entrepreneur with a breadth of skills in a diverse range of industries. He is a founder and member of the advisory board of Goal Acquisitions
Corp. (Nasdaq: PUCKU), a SPAC, that raised 258 million through its initial public offering in February 2021 and entered into
a business combination agreement on November 17, 2022 for the purposes of acquiring Digital Virgo Group, a French corporation. Mr. Greystoke
is also the founder and member of the advisory board of Clean Earth Acquisition Corp. (Nasdaq: CLINU), a SPAC that completed a 200 million
initial public offering in February 2022 and entered into a business combination agreement on October 12, 2022 for the purposes
of acquiring substantially all of the subsidiaries of Alternus Energy Group Plc, a public limited company incorporated under the laws
of Ireland. Mr. Greystoke is also on the board of Springwater Special Situations Corp (Nasdaq: SWSSU), a SPAC that raised 168 million
through its initial public offering in August 2021 and is seeking to merge with a well-positioned business with operational improvement
opportunities in Europe or elsewhere. Mr. Greystoke is the founder of multiple AI technology companies including TripChamp, VacationChamp
and TravelChamp. He is the inventor of three granted artificial intelligence patents, with eight pending patent applications. Mr. Greystoke
also holds investments in real estate, food and beverage, technology and other sectors. Mr. Greystoke founded HSC, a boutique corporate
finance business raising money for and helping emerging companies commercialize in a range of sectors including technology, energy, healthcare
and consumer products utilizing his wide network of partners throughout Asia, Europe, the Middle East and the U.S. Mr. Greystoke
has served as director to numerous companies in the education, technology, AI and renewable energy spaces, and has served as a Chairman
to a U.K. listed Chinese manufacturing company. 

Robert
Pincas serves as a member of our advisory board and is one of our founders. Mr. Pincas is a successful investment
manager and entrepreneur with over 20 years of experience in the Israeli ecosystem and international capital markets. Over the years,
Mr. Pincas has developed a deep network with Israeli tech companies and a wide range of international investors. Currently, Mr. Pincas
serves as the SMB partner for Fundit, a leading crowdfund platform in Israel, regulated by the Israeli Securities Authority. Between 2007
and 2020 Mr. Pincas was a Managing Director with MG Investment Capital, a venture capital fund investing in Israeli technology with
a profitable return for investors. Mr. Pincas was the Accelerator Program Director (Jerusalem and the Plains) for Maof-Tech, for
the Israeli Economy Ministry. Between 2014 and 2018 Mr. Pincas managed Maof Rishon LeZion (sponsored by the Israeli Economy Ministry),
one of the largest consulting centers in Israel, servicing thousands of SMB businesses. Mr. Pincas served between 2003-2008 as Executive
Director and Partner with MG Equity Partners Ltd., an investment bank focusing on cross border transactions between Israeli and European
companies and the London capital markets, such as Domino s Pizza Switzerland, Pepsi Romania and MTI Wireless. Mr. Pincas has
volunteered with Paamonim, a nonprofit organization focusing on financial education for families. Mr. Pincas holds an MBA from Tel
Aviv University and a BA in Economics from Ben Gurion University. 

74 

Eitan
Efron serves as a member of our advisory board and is one of our founders. Mr. Efron has 30 years of experience
in technology investments, technology and business management and high-tech entrepreneurship. Mr. Efron has a diverse entrepreneurial
and management background. Mr. Efron is a founder of four technology startups, including Oversi Networks, which was acquired by Allot
Communications (NASDAQ: ALLT) in 2009, and WiNetworks, which was acquired by Ruggedcom Inc. in 2006 (and later acquired by Siemens). Between
2007 and 2019, Mr. Efron was a director with MG Investment Capital, a venture capital fund investing in Israeli technology with a
profitable return for investors. Mr. Efron has deep contacts in Israeli tech ecosystem, including investors, companies executives,
entrepreneurs and Israeli Innovation Authority. Mr. Efron has direct access to multiple multi-sector technology companies. 

Ehud
Levy serves as a member of our advisory board. Since 2014, Mr. Levy has been the Managing General Partner of Canaan
Partners Israel, an Israeli venture capital fund. Since 2019, he has been a Venture Partner with Lenovo Capital heading its investment
opportunities in Israel. Mr. Levy is also an active private investor in tech companies operating as a partner with a leading investment
team, Kaedan Capital. From 2006 to 2014, Mr. Levy was a Managing Partner at Vertex VC. Among other successful investments, Mr. Levy
identified Waze as a bright star from the start, leading the first investment round in the company and serving on its board of directors
until its acquisition by Google for over US 1 billion. Previously, Mr. Levy co-founded and served as Chairman and CEO of Ki-Bi
Mobile Technologies, a mass-market device specialist for mobile content distribution. He led the business from concept to commercial success,
an initial public offering in London and eventual acquisition. Earlier, he served as COO and CFO of Telegate, a telecommunications company,
where he was responsible for a restructuring plan leading to the acquisition of the company for over US 400 million. Prior to Telegate,
Mr. Levy was an investment banker in New York and Tel Aviv, and served on the board of directors of several technology companies.
Mr. Levy holds a BSc in Computer Engineering (with honors) from the Technion Israel Institute of Technology and an MBA from
Columbia Business School in New York. 

Nir
Ben Lavi serves as a member of our advisory board. Currently Mr. Ben Lavi is the CEO and co-founder of the Pangea
Cup, the world s first global competition and reality show for discovering the next big video game, and has served in that capacity
since December 2019. Mr. Ben Lavi was appointed to his first managerial position at the age of 25, and combined it with intensive
R D work. This experience provided Mr. Ben Lavi with invaluable knowledge on innovation and led him to dedicate a lot of his
time helping countries create their own start-up ecosystems. Mr. Ben Lavi is an active member of YPO Israel, and YPO Change Makers
Club. Mr. Ben Lavi is an active investor deeply involved in the Israeli startup ecosystem. He is the former Managing Director of
the NYU Blockchain Accelerator which he served at from October 2017 to October 2019, as well as head of the joint innovation
program at Bosphorus University, Turkey. Mr. Ben Lavi is the author of three books and inventor of revolutionary software solutions.
Mr. Ben Lavi received his B.A. in Sociology, with honors, and his M.B.A. from the University of Tel Aviv. His Ph.D. research
study in the field of Computerized Dispute Resolution led to the development of a first-of-its-kind dispute resolution software that was
adopted by the United Nations as a managerial work tool. 

Guy
Kurlandski serves as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Kurlandski has more than 30 years experience as an
entrepreneur and investor spanning diverse industries globally, from printing and real estate to spirits and technology. Today, Mr. Kurlandski s
primary position is as the Chief Evangelist Officer at Liquidity Group, an Israeli based global fintech and fund manager, which he
has been with from 2019 to the present. He is also a Forbes Business Council member and an advisor to MUMA College of Business. He has
been based in the United States since 2008 and was previously based in the United Kingdom. Mr. Kurlandski speaks both English
and Hebrew and has strong ties to Israel. He has experience in scaling, managing and funding companies to reach their full potential. 

Aaron
Greenberg serves as a member of our advisory board. Mr. Greenberg is a finance professional with substantial experience
in foreign markets. Recently, Mr. Greenberg was Chief Strategy Officer and Project Manager of European Sustainable Growth Acquisition
Corp. (NASDAQ: EUSG), which successfully merged with ADS-TEC Energy (NASDAQ: ADSE), a German energy storage and EV charging company. In
this position, he played a significant role in the negotiation of the business combination agreement between the parties and in successfully
raising 156 million in a private investment public equity transaction for EUSG s contemplated business combination with ADSE. Concurrent
to EUSG, Mr. Greenberg served on the investment team for Lucerne Capital Management, a European-focused investment management firm
managing approximately 800 million in assets. Prior to joining Lucerne, Mr. Greenberg worked in various roles for Wells Fargo Bank
and its affiliates, latest of which as a portfolio manager evaluating operational inefficiencies and credit policy within the Corporate
Investment Bank. He holds a FINRA Series 7, FINRA Series 63, FINRA Series 79, and FINRA Series 99 Securities license.
Prior to joining Wells Fargo Bank, Mr. Greenberg attended Yale University where he earned a B.A. in Economics and B.A. in History. 

75 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board consists of seven
directors. Holders of our founder shares have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination and holders of our public shares do not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition,
prior to the completion of an initial business combination, (i) any vacancy on our board of directors may be filled by a nominee
chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares and (ii) holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of
the board of directors for any reason. 

Our board of directors is
divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors
appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq.
The term of office of the first class of directors consisting of Roy Zisapel and Peter Cohen, will expire at our first annual general
meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Daniel Recanati, Sharon Barzik Cohen and Candice Beaumont,
will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Ziv Elul and Izhar
Shay, will expire at our third annual general meeting. Mr. Shay serves as chairman of our board of directors. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our officers may consist of,
a chief executive officer, a president, a chief financial officer, vice presidents, a secretary, a treasurer and such other officers as
may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Peter Cohen, Roy Zisapel, Candice Beaumont and Daniel Recanati
are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee, and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and
a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed
company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq
require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee 

Roy Zisapel, Candice Beaumont
and Daniel Recanati serve as the members of our audit committee, and Mr. Zisapel chairs the audit committee. Each member of the audit
committee meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange
Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Zisapel qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

The audit committee is responsible for: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting
and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

76 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner
responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting
firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution
of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing
an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting
controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of previous offerings and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately
taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of previous offerings; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates.
Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director
or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

The audit committee charter also provides that
the audit committee shall have the authority, to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate, to retain independent legal, accounting,
or other advisors. Our Company shall provide for appropriate funding, as determined by the audit committee, for payment of compensation
to (i) the independent auditor for the purpose of rendering or issuing an audit report and (ii) any advisors employed by the
audit committee. 

Nominating Committee 

Daniel Recanati, Peter Cohen,
and Candice Beaumont serve as the members of our nominating committee and Ms. Beaumont chairs the nominating committee. Each member
of the nominating committee meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards. 

The nominating committee
is responsible for: 

developing criteria and qualifications for membership on the board of directors; 

recruiting, reviewing, and nominating candidates for election to the board of directors or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

reviewing candidates proposed by shareholders and conducting appropriate inquiries into the background and qualifications of such
candidates; 

establishing subcommittees for the purpose of evaluating special or unique matters; 

monitoring and making recommendations regarding committee functions, contributions, and composition; and 

evaluating, on an annual basis the nominating committee s performance. 

The nominating committee
considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The nominating committee
will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism
in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills
or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider
the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. 

77 

Our nominating committee s
charter provides that the nominating committee will consider and evaluate each director-candidate based upon its assessment of the following
criteria: 

whether the candidate is independent pursuant to the requirements of Nasdaq; 

whether the candidate is accomplished in his or her field and has a reputation, both personal and professional,
that is consistent with the image and reputation of our Company. 

whether the candidate has the ability to read and understand basic financial statements and satisfies
the criteria for being an audit committee financial expert, as defined by the SEC; 

whether the candidate has relevant experience and expertise and would be able to provide insights and
practical wisdom based upon that experience and expertise. 

whether the candidate has knowledge of our Company and issues affecting our Company; 

whether the candidate is committed to enhancing shareholder value; 

whether the candidate fully understands, or has the capacity to fully understand, the legal responsibilities
of a director and the governance processes of a public company; 

whether the candidate is of high moral and ethical character and would be willing to apply sound, objective,
and independent business judgment, and to assume broad fiduciary responsibility. 

whether the candidate has, and would be willing to commit, the required hours necessary to discharge the
duties of board of directors membership. 

whether the candidate has any prohibitive interlocking relationships or conflicts of interest. 

whether the candidate is able to develop a good working relationship with other board of directors members
and contribute to our board of director s working relationship with the senior management of our Company. 

whether the candidate is able to suggest business opportunities to our Company. 

Shareholders who wish to
recommend to the nominating committee, a candidate for election to the board of directors should send a written recommendation to our
offices located at 12600 Hill Country Blvd, Building R, Suite 275, Bee Cave, Texas 78738, Attention: Nominating Committee. We will
promptly forward all such letters to the members of the nominating committee. Shareholders must follow certain procedures to recommend
to the nominating committee candidates for election as directors. In general, to provide sufficient time to enable the nominating committee
to evaluate candidates recommended by shareholders in connection with selecting candidates for nomination in connection with our annual
meeting of shareholders, we must receive the shareholder s recommendation no later than 30 days after the end of our fiscal year. 

Compensation Committee 

Candice Beaumont, Peter Cohen,
and Daniel Recanati serve as the members of our compensation committee and Mr. Recanati chairs the nominating committee. Each member
of the compensation committee meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards. 

The compensation committee
is responsible for: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with
our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive
officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The compensation committee
charter also provides that the compensation committee shall have the authority, to the extent it deems necessary or appropriate, to retain
legal counsel or other advisors. In retaining compensation consultants, outside counsel, and other advisors, the compensation committee
must take into consideration factors specified in the Nasdaq listing rules. We will provide for appropriate funding, as determined by
the compensation committee, for payment of any such investigations or studies and the compensation to any consulting firm, legal counsel,
or other advisors retained by the compensation committee. 

78 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers
currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive
officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics is available at the governance documents
section of our website at https://israelacquisitionscorp.com. A copy of the Code of Ethics will also be provided without charge
upon request from us. Information contained on or accessible through the website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
and the inclusion of the website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is an inactive textual reference only. Any amendments
to the Code of Ethics, or any waivers of its requirements, are expected to be disclosed as required by SEC and Nasdaq rules. The reference
to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through our website,
and you should not consider it to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

I TEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

None of our executive officers
or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. On January 13, 2023 and continuing through the earlier
of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we began paying the Sponsor 10,000 per month in exchange office
space, administrative and support services pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement. In addition, the Sponsor and our executive
officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to the Sponsor and our executive officers or directors, or
their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account.
Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing
our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities
on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements,
no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by us to the Sponsor, our executive officers and
directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees
from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation
materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established
any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely
that the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination
business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive
officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted
solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take
any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements
to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we do
not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a
determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive
officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

79 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 31, 2023, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the warrants as the warrants are not exercisable
within 60 days of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 19,929,167 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 15,137,500 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 4,791,667
Class B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election
of directors of the board, holders of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Approximate 

Number of 
 
 Percentage of 

Approximate 
 Shares 
 Approximate 
 Outstanding 

Number of Shares 
 Percentage of 
 Beneficially 
 Percentage of 
 Ordinary 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Class 
 Owned(2) 
 Class 
 Shares 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Ziv Elul(3) 

Sharon Barzik Cohen(3) 

Izhar Shay(3) 

Candice Beaumont(3) 

Peter Cohen(3) 

Roy Zisapel(3) 

Daniel S. Recanati(3) 

All officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 

5 or Greater Shareholders 

Israel Acquisitions Sponsor LLC (4) 
 637,500 
 4.2 
 4,791,667 
 100 
 27.2 
 
 Charles Ecalle(4) 
 637,500 
 4.2 
 4,791,667 
 100 
 27.2 
 
 Alexander Greystoke(4) 
 637,500 
 4.2 
 4,791,667 
 100 
 27.2 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is c/o Israel Acquisitions
Corp, 12600 Hill Country Blvd, Building R, Suite 275, Bee Cave, TX 78738. 

(2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such Class B
ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier
at the option of the holders thereof. 

(3) Does not include any shares held by our Sponsor, of which each of our officers and directors is a member.
This individual has an indirect economic interest in securities owned by our Sponsor. 

(4) Our Sponsor is the record holder of such securities. Charles Ecalle and Alexander Greystoke are the managers
of our Sponsor and share voting and investment discretion with respect to the securities held by our Sponsor and as such may be deemed
to have shared beneficial ownership of the securities held directly by our Sponsor. Each of Mr. Ecalle and Mr. Greystoke disclaims
beneficial ownership of any securities held by our Sponsor other than to the extent of their respective pecuniary interests therein, directly
or indirectly. 

Our Sponsor beneficially
owns 25 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding private placement shares) and will have the right to elect all of our
directors prior to our initial business combination. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to elect any directors to our
board of directors prior to our initial business combination. Because of this ownership block, our Sponsor may be able to effectively
influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. 

Our Sponsor has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public
shares held by it in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares
held by it in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. 

80 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

On January 26, 2022,
the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B
ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On March 4, 2022, we effected a share capitalization with respect to our Class B ordinary
shares of 1,150,000, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 6,900,000 founder shares. On August 18, 2022, our Sponsor
surrendered for no consideration 1,150,000 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in our initial shareholders holding 5,750,000 founder
shares. On November 17, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 958,333 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in the
Sponsor holding 4,791,667 founder shares. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon automatic conversion
thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Each of our officers and directors
owns an indirect interests in a portion of the founder shares through a membership interest in the Sponsor. 

On January 26, 2022,
we issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate amount 300,000 (the Promissory
Note to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing,
unsecured, and payable upon the earlier of December 31, 2022 or the closing of our initial public offering. In December 2022,
we and the Sponsor agreed to extend the maturity of the Promissory Note to the earlier of December 31, 2023 or the consummation of
our initial public offering. On January 18, 2023 we consummated our initial public offering and paid 245,540 to the Sponsor, resulting
in an overpayment of 8,306. 

In connection with our initial
public offering, our Sponsor, BTIG, Exos Capital LLC, and Jones Trading Institutional Services LLC purchased an aggregate of 762,500 private
placement units for a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit (our Sponsor purchased 637,500 private placement units,
BTIG purchased 75,000 private placement units, Exos Capital LLC purchased 25,000 private placement units, and JonesTrading Institutional
Services LLC purchased 25,000 private placement units) pursuant to private placement units purchase agreements dated as of January 12,
2023. As such, our Sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at between 6,375,000. The private placement units are
identical to the units sold in connection with our initial public offering, except that the private placement warrants underlying
the private placement units (i) are not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of these private placement warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders
until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless
basis, and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. The private placement units (including the private placement shares, private
placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not, subject to
certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Each of our officers and directors own an indirect interests
in a portion of the private placement units through a membership interest in the Sponsor. 

A portion of the proceeds
from the sale of the private placement units was added to the proceeds from the initial public offering in the trust account such that
at the time of the closing, 146,625,000 was held in the trust account. If we do not complete our initial business combination by February 1,
2023, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public
ordinary shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the private placement units (and the underlying securities) will
be worthless. 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she
has a then-current fiduciary or contractual obligation, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligation to present
such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
that may take priority over their duties to us. 

In connection with the initial
public offering, we entered into the Administrative Services Agreement, whereby our Sponsor agreed to make available, or cause to be made
available directly or indirectly through any of its affiliates, with office space and secretary and administrative services in exchange
for 10,000 per month fee until the closing of our initial business combination. Upon the completion of our initial business combination
or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Our Sponsor, our officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates are entitled to reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates.
There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our
behalf. 

81 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may
repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds
from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units
of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per private placement-equivalent unit at the option of the lender. Such units
would be identical to the private placement units. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such working capital loans, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such working capital loans. Prior to our initial business combination,
we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation
materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as
it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

In connection with our Initial
Public Offering, we entered into the Registration Rights Agreement with the Sponsor, BTIG, Exos Capital LLC and Jones Trading Institutional
Services LLC. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, those parties are entitled to certain registration rights with respect to
any founder shares, private placement units, private placement shares, private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion
of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of the founder shares or exercise of the
private placement warrants and working capital loans (if any) held by them. 

In
connection with our Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor, our executive officers and our directors entered into a letter agreement with
us, dated January 12, 2023 (the Letter Agreement ), pursuant to which each of them have agreed (i) that
if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination, then it, she, or he, as applicable shall vote all founder shares and
any public shares held by it, she or him, as applicable, in favor of such proposed initial business combination (including any proposals
recommended by our board in connection therewith) (ii) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public
shares held by it, she, or he in connection with (A) the completion of our initial business combination and (B) a shareholder
vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (1) that would modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our public shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by January 18,
2024 (or up to July 18, 2024 if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K)
or (2) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our public shares (although the Sponsor, our executive
officers, and our directors shall be entitled to liquidation rights with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to consummate
an initial business combination within the Combination Period. Additionally, the Sponsor, our executive officers and our directors have
each agreed to waive their respective rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares held
by them in connection with any liquidation of our Company. 

Pursuant to the Letter Agreement,
the Sponsor and our officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest
of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share
exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares
for cash, securities or other property. 

In addition, under the Letter
Agreement, the Sponsor and our officers and directors have agreed that, they shall not transfer any of the private placement units, private
placement shares, private placement shares, or ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants until 30 days after the completion
of an initial business combination. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the Combination Period, the private
placement warrants will expire worthless. Because each of our executive officers and directors will own ordinary shares or warrants, directly
or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with
which to effectuate our initial business combination. 

82 

We have entered into agreements
to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by the board of directors. Under the terms of such indemnification
agreements, we will be required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. We
have agree to indemnify our officers and directors reasonable attorneys fees, retainers, court costs (including trial and appeals),
transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage,
delivery service fees, federal, state, local, or foreign taxes imposed as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under
the indemnification agreement, and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting,
defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, appealing, preparing to appeal, investigating, or being or preparing to be a witness in an
action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, administrative hearing or any other proceeding, whether
conducted by or on behalf of the Company or any other party, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, or establishing
or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements also require the Company,
if so requested, to advance within 30 days of such request, all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs that any of our directors
incur, provided that such director will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such director is not entitled to indemnification
by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims
against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 

Related Party Policy 

Upon consummation of our
Initial Public Offering, the audit committee of our board of directors adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval, or ratification
of related-party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K
as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new,
existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restriction that we have already
committed to, the business purpose of such transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to us and to the relevant related party. Any
member of the audit committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the audit committee shall abstain from
voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the audit committee, participate
in some or all of the audit committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon the completion of its review of the related
party transaction, the audit committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Peter Cohen, Roy Zisapel, Candice Beaumont and Daniel Recanati
are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

83 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following is a summary of fees paid or to
be paid to BDO USA, LLP, or BDO, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by BDO in connection with
regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by BDO for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements,
review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from August 24, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled
approximately 159,825 and 12,500, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance
at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to
performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include
attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.
We did not pay BDO for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022
and for the period from August 24, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay BDO for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
August 24, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay BDO for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from August 24,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee,
and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be
performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described
in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Documents filed as part of this report. 

1. 
 Financial Statements 
 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements as Item 8 herein. 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required
information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

84 

3. 
 Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit 
No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 SEC File 
No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
Date 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and among the Company and BTIG, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41593 
 
 1.1 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, dated November 17, 2022. 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-263658 
 
 4.1 
 
 August 31, 2022 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-263658 
 
 4.2 
 
 August 31, 2022 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.4) 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-263658 
 
 4.4 
 
 August 31, 2022 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41593 
 
 4.1 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors and Israel Acquisitions Sponsor LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41593 
 
 10.1 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41593 
 
 10.2 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and among the Company, Israel Acquisitions Sponsor LLC, BTIG, LLC, Exos Capital LLC and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41593 
 
 10.3 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 10.4 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and between the Company and Israel Acquisitions Sponsor LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41593 
 
 10.4 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41593 
 
 10.5 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and between the Company and Exos Capital LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41593 
 
 10.6 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 10.7 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and between the Company and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41593 
 
 10.7 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 10.8 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and between the Company and Israel Acquisitions Sponsor LLC. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-41593 
 
 10.8 
 
 January 19, 2023 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-263658 
 
 10.5 
 
 August 31, 2022 
 
 10.10 
 
 Promissory Note, dated January 26, 2022, issued to the Sponsor. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-263658 
 
 10.7 
 
 March 17, 2022 
 
 10.11 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated January 26, 2022, between the Company and Israel Acquisitions Sponsor LLC. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-263658 
 
 10.8 
 
 March 17, 2022 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Security Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Security Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith. 

These certifications are being furnished solely to accompany this annual report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

We hereby file as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K the
exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index, except for exhibits 32.1 and 32.2, which are hereby furnished. Exhibits which are
incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E.,
Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100
F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

85 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

86 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

ISRAEL ACQUISITIONS CORP 

By: 
 /s/ Ziv Elul 

Name: Ziv Elul 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Ziv Elul 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Ziv Elul 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Sharon Barzik Cohen 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Sharon Barzik Cohen 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Izhar Shay 
 
 Director (Chairman) 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Izhar Shay 

By: 
 /s/ Candice Beaumont 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Candice Beaumont 

By: 
 /s/ Peter Cohen 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Peter Cohen 

By: 
 /s/ Roy Zisapel 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Roy Zisapel 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel Recanati 
 
 Director 
 
 April 17, 2023 

Daniel Recanati 

87 

ISRAEL ACQUISITIONS CORP 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP, New York, New York, PCAOB ID#243) 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from August 24, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from August 24, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
 August 24, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-17 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 Israel Acquisitions Corp 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 Israel Acquisitions Corp 

 Bee Cave, Texas 

Opinion on the Financial Statement 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Israel Acquisitions Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, statements
of changes in shareholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from August 24,
2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statement presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations, and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from August 24, 2021 (inception)
to December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company does
not have sufficient cash and working capital to sustain its operations which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty . 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statement is free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statement. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2022. 

New York, New York 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

ISRAEL ACQUISITIONS CORP 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 
 8,305 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 4,941 
 
 Total current assets 
 8,305 
 4,941 
 
 Non-current assets: 

Deferred offering costs associated with the proposed public offering 
 655,167 
 34,397 
 
 Total non-current assets 
 655,167 
 34,397 
 
 Total Assets 
 663,472 
 39,338 

Liabilities and Shareholder s Equity (deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued offering costs 
 406,583 
 34,397 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 71,655 

Promissory note related party 
 237,234 
 10,000 
 
 Total Liabilities 
 715,472 
 44,397 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Shareholder s Deficit: 

Preference shares, 0.0001 par value; 2,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; none shares issued and outstanding 

Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 4,791,667 shares issued and outstanding (1)(2) 
 479 

Additional paid-in capital 
 24,521 

Accumulated deficit 
 (77,000 
 (5,059 
 
 Total Shareholders Deficit 
 (52,000 
 (5,059 
 
 Total Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit 
 663,472 
 39,338 

(1) On March 4, 2022, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding.
On August 18, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 1,150,000 shares, resulting in a decrease in the total number of
Class B shares outstanding to 5,750,000. On November 17, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 958,333 shares,
resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B shares outstanding to 4,791,667 (see Note 4 and 6). 
 
 (2) This number includes an aggregate of up to 625,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option
is not exercise in full or in part by the underwriter (see Note 5). 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

ISRAEL ACQUISITIONS CORP 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Period 

From August 24, 

For the Year 
 2021 (Inception) 

Ended 
 Through 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Formation, general and administrative expenses 
 71,941 
 5,059 
 
 Net loss 
 (71,941 
 (5,059 
 
 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding (1)(2) 
 4,166,667 

Basic and diluted net loss per Class B ordinary shares 
 (0.02 

(1) On March 4, 2022, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding.
On August 18, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 1,150,000 shares, resulting in a decrease in the total number of
Class B shares outstanding to 5,750,000. On November 17, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 958,333 shares,
resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B shares outstanding to 4,791,667 (see Note 4 and 6). 
 
 (2) This number excludes an aggregate of up to 625,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option
is not exercise in full or in part by the underwriter (see Note 5). 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ISRAEL ACQUISITIONS CORP 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Class B 
 Additional 

Ordinary Shares 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2021 

(5,059 
 (5,059 
 
 Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1)(2) 
 4,791,667 
 479 
 24,521 
 
 25,000 
 
 Net loss 

(71,941 
 (71,941 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2022 
 4,791,667 
 479 
 24,521 
 (77,000 
 (52,000 

For the period from August 24, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021 

Class B 
 Additional 

Ordinary Shares 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - August 24, 2021 (inception) 

Net loss 

(5,059 
 (5,059 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2021 

(5,059 
 (5,059 

(1) On March 4, 2022, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding.
On August 18, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 1,150,000 shares, resulting in a decrease in the total number of
Class B shares outstanding to 5,750,000. On November 17, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 958,333 shares,
resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B shares outstanding to 4,791,667 (see Note 4 and 6). 
 
 (2) This number excludes an aggregate of up to 625,000 Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option
is not exercise in full or in part by the underwriter (see Note 5). 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ISRAEL ACQUISITIONS CORP 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period 

From August 24, 

For the Year 
 2021 (Inception) 

Ended 
 Through 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 (71,941 
 (5,059 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Payment of formation costs by Sponsor 
 
 5,059 
 
 Changes in current assets and current liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 
 4,941 

Accrued expenses 
 71,655 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 4,655 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares 
 25,000 

Proceeds from promissory note 
 221,710 

Payment of offering costs 
 (243,060 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 3,650 

Net Change in Cash 
 8,305 

Cash - Beginning 

Cash-Ending 
 8,305 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 
 406,583 
 34,397 
 
 Issuance of Promissory note by the Sponsor to pay formation costs 
 
 5,059 
 
 Issuance of Promissory note by the Sponsor to pay offering costs 
 5,524 

Prepaid expenses paid by Sponsor 
 
 4,941 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

1. Note 1 Description of Organization and Business Operations 

Israel Acquisitions Corp (the Company was incorporated as a blank check company in the Cayman Islands as an exempted limited company on August 24, 2021. The Company was
formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses (an initial business combination ). The Company is an emerging growth company and
is subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. The Company has not selected any initial business combination
target. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had
not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from August 24, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates
to the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ), which is described
below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business combination, at the earliest.
The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from
the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The registration statement for the Company s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on January 12, 2023 (the Registration Statement ). On January 18,
2023, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 14,375,000 units (each a Public Unit and the Public
Units at 10.00 per Public Unit (including the issuance of 1,875,000 Public Units as a result of the underwriters exercise
of heir over-allotment option in full), generating gross proceeds of 143,750,000, which is discussed in Note 3. Each Public Unit is comprised
of one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.001 per share (each, a Public Share and the Public Shares and one redeemable warrant evidencing the right to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a purchase price of 11.50 per Class A
ordinary share (each a Public Warrant and the Public Warrants ). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 762,500 units (each, a Private Unit and the Private Units to Israel Acquisitions Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ), BTIG, LLC, Exos Capital LLC, and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC,
in a private placement at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, for an aggregate of 7,625,000. Each Private Unit is comprised
of one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.001 per share (each, a Private Share and the Private Shares and one redeemable warrant evidencing the right to purchase one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, at a purchase
price of 11.50 (each, a Private Warrant and the Private Warrants ). 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on January 18, 2023, 146,625,000 10.20 per Public Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Units in the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States which
will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with
a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company
meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the
completion of the Company s initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, adopted on November 17,
2022 (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), and (iii) the redemption of the Company s
Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or up to July 18, 2024,
if the Company extends the time to complete an initial business combination) (the Combination Period ). 

The Company s management has broad discretion
with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating an initial business combination. There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete an initial business combination successfully. The Company must complete an initial
business combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable
on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial business combination. The Company will only
complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 

F- 7 

The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding
Public Shares (the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the
completion of an initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the initial business
combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. Except as required by law or the rules of Nasdaq, the decision as to whether
the Company will seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely
in its discretion. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in
the Trust Account. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of an initial business combination with respect to the Company s
warrants. 

The Company will proceed with an initial business
combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such consummation of an initial
business combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the
initial business combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote
for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender
offer documents with the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement prior to completing
an initial business combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain
shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with
an initial business combination, the Sponsor and our executive officers and directors have agreed (a) to vote their Founder Shares
(as defined in this Note 1), Private Shares, and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving
an initial business combination and (b) not to convert any Founder Shares, Private Shares, or any Public Shares held by them in connection
with a shareholder vote to approve an initial business combination or sell any such shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection
with an initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. 

The Sponsor and our executive officers and directors
have agreed (a) to waive their respective redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares, Private Shares, or Public Shares
held by them in connection with the completion of an initial business combination, (b) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to consummate an initial business combination,
and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association that would affect a public
shareholders ability to convert or sell their Public Shares to the Company in connection with an initial business combination or
affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete
an initial business combination, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares
in conjunction with any such amendment. 

If the Company is unable to complete an initial
business combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors (the Board ), dissolve
and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s
Public Warrants or Private Warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete an initial business combination within
the Combination Period. 

F- 8 

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust
Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below 10.20 per Public Share, except as to any claims by a third party that executed a valid
and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will
seek to reduce the possibility that Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other
entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Liquidity Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 8,305 and 0
in its operating bank account, respectively, and a working capital deficit of 707,167 and 39,456, respectively. 

The Company s liquidity needs through December 31,
2022 had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of 25,000 for Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the
 Class B ordinary shares or the Founder Shares (see Note 4). Additionally, the Company drew on an unsecured
promissory note to pay certain offering costs. 

The Company has incurred and expects to continue
to incur significant costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. The Company lacks the financial resources it needs to sustain
operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. Although
no formal agreement exists, the Sponsor is committed to extend Working Capital Loans as needed (defined in Note 4 below). Accordingly,
the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to
take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending
the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that (i) new financing
will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, or (ii) that its plans to consummate an initial business combination
will be successful. In addition, management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russia and Ukraine conflict,
and inflation on the technology industry and its effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search
for a target company. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business,
undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. 

Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held
in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial
business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such initial business combination.
If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the Combination Period because we do not have sufficient funds available
to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic on market conditions, along with the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and resulting market volatility
and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that these events could have a negative effect on the Company s financial
position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date
of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 

The ongoing conflict in Ukraine along with
the responses of the governments of the United States, European Union EU member states, the United Kingdom, and other
nations have the potential to materially adversely affect a potential target business s operations or assets in or (direct
or indirect) dealings with parties organized or located within Ukraine, Russia, and Belarus. Due to recent geopolitical developments,
the United States, EU, United Kingdom, and other nations have announced or threatened new sanctions and export restrictions targeting
Russian and Belarusian individuals and entities, as well as disputed territories within Ukraine. Russia and its allies may respond with
countermeasures, which could further restrict the target business s operations in or related to the foregoing countries. It is unclear
how long existing restrictions (and countermeasures) will remain in place or whether new restrictions (or countermeasures) may be imposed.
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse impact on a potential target business s financial condition, results of operations,
or prospects. 

F- 9 

In addition, Management is currently evaluating
the impact of the effects of inflation and disruptions in the global supply chain. The specific impact of these ongoing events is not
readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements and these financial statements do not include any adjustments that may
result from the outcomes of these uncertainties. 

Note 2 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements
(Unaudited) 

In connection with the preparation of the Company's
financial statements as of December 31, 2022, management identified an error made in its historical financial statements where, certain
accounting costs not direct or incremental to the preparation of the Company's initial public offering were incorrectly accounted for
as offering costs. The Company restated the Balance Sheets, Statements of Operations, and Statements of Cash Flows by reclassifying certain
accounting costs not direct or incremental to the preparation of the Company's initial public offering from deferred offering costs to
formation and operating costs for the unaudited interim periods for the six-months ended June 30, 2022, and nine-months ended September
30, 2022, previously included in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1. 

The impact of the restatement on the Company's
financial statements is reflected in the following table: 

As 
Previously 
 Reported 
(Unaudited) 
 Adjustment 
 As Restated 
(Unaudited) 
 
 As of June 30, 2022 

Balance Sheet: 

Deferred offering costs 
 541,202 
 (36,147 
 505,055 
 
 Accrued offering costs 
 414,497 
 (36,147 
 378,350 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 - 
 36,147 
 36,147 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (5,159 
 (36,147 
 (41,306 

For the six months ended June 30, 2022 

Income Statement: 

Formation and operating costs 
 100 
 36,147 
 36,247 
 
 Net loss 
 (100 
 (36,147 
 (36,247 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 

Net loss 
 (100 
 (36,147 
 (36,247 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities 

Accrued expenses 
 - 
 36,147 
 36,147 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 
 414,497 
 (36,147 
 378,350 

As of September 30, 2022 

Balance Sheet: 

Deferred offering costs 
 602,384 
 (46,655 
 555,729 
 
 Accrued offering costs 
 425,679 
 (46,655 
 379,024 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 - 
 46,655 
 46,655 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (5,159 
 (46,655 
 (51,814 

For the nine months ended June 30, 2022 

Income Statement: 

Formation and operating costs 
 100 
 46,655 
 46,755 
 
 Net loss 
 (100 
 (46,655 
 (46,755 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 

Net loss 
 (100 
 (46,655 
 (46,755 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities 

Accrued expenses 
 - 
 46,655 
 46,655 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 
 602,384 
 (46,655 
 555,729 

Note 3 - Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and in
accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Emerging Growth Company 

The Company is an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), as modified by the
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). 

The JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies
from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not
had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act)
are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out
of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to
opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is
issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This election may make comparison
of the Company s financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statement in conformity
with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting
period. 

Making estimates requires management to exercise
significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had 8,305 and 0 in cash, respectively, and no cash equivalents. 

Deferred Offering
Costs 

Deferred offering costs
consist of legal, accounting and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Initial Public Offering
and that will be charged against the proceeds of the offering upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 

F- 10 

Fair Value Measurements 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820 ), defines
fair value as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market
participants. Fair value measurements are classified on a three-tier hierarchy as follows: 

Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments in active markets; 

Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted
prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active;
and 

Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own
assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers
are unobservable. In some circumstances, the inputs used to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair
value hierarchy. ln those instances, the fair value measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

The fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities that qualify
as financial instruments under ASC 820 approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily due
to their short-term nature. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

The Company evaluates its financial instruments
to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic
815, Derivatives and Hedging . For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative
instrument is initially recorded at its fair value on the grant date and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the
fair value reported in the statements of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments
should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative liabilities are classified
in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required
within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Net Loss Per Ordinary Share 

Net
loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.
Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate
of 625,000 Class B ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters
(Note 6). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could,
 potentially, be exercised or converted into
ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per ordinary share is the same as basic loss
per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

Income Taxes 

The Company complies with the accounting and reporting
requirements of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, ASC 740 which requires an asset and liability approach to financial
accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws
and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established,
when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

F- 11 

ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and
a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s management determined that the Cayman
Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company is not currently aware of any issues under review that could result
in significant payments, accruals, or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to tax examinations by major taxing
authorities since inception. There is currently no taxation imposed by the government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman
income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s
financial statements. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially
change over the next twelve months. 

There is currently no taxation imposed by the
government of the Cayman Islands. The Company has no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income
taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the
Company s financial statement. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal
Depository Insurance Coverage of 250,000. At December 31, 2022, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an
Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major
separation models required under current GAAP. ASU 2020-06 removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts
to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. ASU
2020- 06 is effective on January 1, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The Company early adopted ASU 2020-06 and it did not have an
impact on the Company s financial statements. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial
statements. 

Note 4 - Initial Public Offering 

Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, the Company
sold 14,375,000 Public Units at a price of 10.00 per Public Unit. Each Public Unit consists of one Public Share and one Public Warrant.
Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share (see Note 7). 

An aggregate of 10.20 per Public Unit sold in
the Initial Public Offering is held in the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a
money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. As of January 18,
2023, 146,625,000, comprised of proceeds from th Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was held in the Trust Account. 

F- 12 

Note 5 - Related Party Transactions 

Founder Shares 

On January 26, 2022, the Sponsor purchased
5,750,000 Founder Shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. 

On March 4, 2022, the Company effected a
share capitalization with respect to the Class B ordinary shares of 1,150,000, resulting in the Sponsor holding 6,900,000 Founder
Shares. On August 18, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 1,150,000 Founder Shares, resulting in a decrease in the
total number of Class B shares outstanding to 5,750,000. On November 17, 2022 the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 958,333
Founder Shares, resulting in resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B shares outstanding to 4,791,667. The Founder
Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s initial business combination and
are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in Note 7. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B
ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A ordinary shares, subject to adjustment, at any time. 

Private Placement 

The Sponsor, BTIG, LLC, Exos Capital LLC, and
JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC purchased an aggregate of 762,500 Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit for an aggregate
purchase price of 7,625,000 in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the
proceeds of which were recorded in additional paid in capital. Each Private Unit consists of one Private Share and one Private Warrant.
Each Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment.
Certain proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the
Company does not complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units
will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). 

Related Party Loans 

In addition, to finance transaction costs in connection
with an initial business combination, the initial shareholders, or certain of the Company s officers and directors or their affiliates
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes
an initial business combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to
the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that
an initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing,
the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of an initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s
discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent units of the post
initial business combination entity at a price of 10.00 per private placement-equivalent unit. These units would be identical to
the Private Units. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no outstanding Working Capital Loans. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On January 26, 2022, the Company issued an
unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate
principal amount of 300,000. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowed 237,234 and 10,000, respectively, under
the Promissory Note. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured, and payable upon the earlier of December 31, 2022 or
the closing of our initial public offering. In December 2022, the Company and the Sponsor agreed to extend the maturity of the Promissory
Note to the earlier of December 31, 2023 or the consummation of our initial public offering. 

F- 13 

Note 6 - Commitments Contingencies 

Registration and Shareholder Rights 

The holders of the Founder Shares, as well as
the holders of the Private Units (and the underlying securities) and any units that may be issued in payment of Working Capital Loans
made to Company, will be entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two
demands that the Company register such securities. The holders of a majority of the Private Units (and the underlying securities) and
units issued in payment of Working Capital Loans (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time
after the Company consummates a business combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day
option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 1,875,000 additional Public Units to cover overallotments, if any, at
the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters exercised the option in full on January 18,
2023. The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of 2,500,000, which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. The underwriters are also entitled to a deferred cash underwriting discount of 3.50 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and 5.50 of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Public Units sold pursuant to the over-allotment option, or 5,406,250,
payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The full amount of the deferred cash underwriting discount was placed
in the Trust Account and will be released to the underwriters only on, and concurrently with, the completion of an initial business combination. 

Note 7 Shareholders Equity
(Deficit) 

Preference
shares - The Company is authorized to issue 2,000,000 preference shares with a par value of 0.0001 per preference share and
with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A
ordinary shares - The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of 0.0001 per
Class A ordinary share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

Class B
ordinary shares - The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 0.0001 per
Class B ordinary share. Holders are entitled to one vote for each Class B ordinary share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were 4,791,667 and 0 Class B ordinary shares outstanding, respectively. Of the 4,791,667 Class B ordinary shares, an aggregate
of up to 625,000 Class B ordinary shares were subject to forfeiture to the Company by the Sponsor for no consideration to the extent
that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would own 25 of the Company s
issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering (excluding the private placement shares). On January 18,
2023, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, so the Sponsor did not forfeit any Class B ordinary shares
to the Company. 

On March 4, 2022, we effected a share capitalization
with respect to our Class B ordinary shares of 1,150,000, resulting in our Sponsor holding 6,900,000. On August 18, 2022, the
Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 1,150,000 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B
shares outstanding to 5,750,000. On November 17, 2022 the Sponsor surrendered for no consideration 958,333 Class B ordinary
shares, resulting in resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B shares outstanding to 4,791,667. All share amounts and
related information have been retroactively restated in the financial statements to reflect the share capitalization and subsequent surrender. 

Only holders of the Founder Shares will have the
right to vote on the election of directors prior to the initial business combination. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders
of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders
except as otherwise required by law. 

F- 14 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment.
In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts
offered in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which Class B
ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding
Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, to 25 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus
all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination
(excluding any private placement shares, any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in our initial
business combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of Working
Capital Loans). Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B ordinary shares into an equal number of Class A
ordinary shares, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

Warrants
- Each whole redeemable warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole Class A ordinary share at a price
of 11.50 per Class A ordinary share, subject to adjustment, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of the initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City
time, or earlier upon the Company s redemption or liquidation. 

The Company agrees that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 15 Business Days after the closing of its initial business combination, it shall use its commercially reasonable
efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement (which may be, at the election of the Company, a post-effective amendment to the
Registration Statement) for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the offer and sale of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance
with the provisions of that certain Warrant Agreement, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company Warrant Agent ), dated January 12, 2023 (the Warrant Agreement ). If any such registration statement has
not been declared effective by the 60th Business Day following the closing of the initial business combination, holders of the Public
Warrants shall have the right, during the period beginning on the 61st Business Day after the closing of the initial business combination
and ending upon such registration statement being declared effective by the SEC, and during any other period when the Company shall fail
to have maintained an effective registration statement, and current prospectus relating thereto, covering the offer and sale of the issuance
of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption for that number of shares of ordinary shares equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of ordinary shares underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the Fair Market Value (as defined below) less the Warrant Price (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) by (y) the
Fair Market Value. The Fair Market Value shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the shares of ordinary shares as
reported during the 10-trading-day period ending on the trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by the Warrant
Agent from the holder of such Warrants or its securities broker or intermediary. The date that notice of cashless exercise 
is received by the Warrant Agent shall be conclusively determined by the Warrant Agent. 

Redemption of Warrants when the Price per Class A
Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem all, but not less than all, of the Public Warrants: 

Not earlier than 90 days after the completion of the initial business combination; 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

provided that the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 days within the 30-trading day period ending
on the third trading date prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given equals or exceeds 18.00 per Class A ordinary
shares; and 

either there is an effective registration statement covering the offer and sale of the issuance of the ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout the 30-day redemption period; or 

the Company has elected to require the exercise of the Public Warrants on a cashless basis. 

F- 15 

If (x) the Company issues additional ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial business combination at
an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined
in good faith by the Board and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Class B
ordinary shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon,
available for the funding of the Company s initial business combination on the date of the completion of the Company s initial
business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of shares of Class A ordinary shares
during the 20-trading-day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial business combination
(such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described
under Redemption of warrants for cash shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. If the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase in the
Warrant Price (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, recapitalizations, extraordinary dividends and similar events) hereunder,
no adjustment shall be made. 

The Private Warrants are identical to the Public
Warrants underlying the Public Units, except that the Private Warrants may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, 
the Private Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants may be subject to certain transfer
restrictions, and the Private Warrants are not redeemable at the option of the Company. The Private Warrants shall not become Public Warrants
as a result of any transfer of the Private Warrants, regardless of the transferee. 

If a tender offer, exchange or redemption offer
shall have been made to and accepted by the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and upon completion of such offer, the offeror
owns beneficially more than 50 aggregate voting power, including the power to vote on the election of directors of the Company, of the
issued and outstanding equity securities of the Company, the holder of a warrant shall be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash,
securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant had been exercised,
accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to the offer. If less
than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Class A ordinary shares in the applicable event is payable in the
form of common equity in the successor entity that is listed on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter
market, and if the holder of a warrant properly exercises such warrant within 30 days following the public disclosure of the consummation
of the applicable event by the Company, the Warrant Price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but in no event less
than zero) of (i) the Warrant Price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined
in the warrant agreement) minus (B) the value of the warrant based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value for a Capped American Call
for Public Warrants and Uncapped American Call for Private Warrants on Bloomberg Financial Markets. 

Note 8 - Subsequent Events 

On January 18, 2023, the Company consummated
its Initial Public Offering of 14,375,000 Public Units, including the issuance of 1,875,000 Public Units as a result of the underwriter s
exercise of its over-allotment option in full. Each Public Unit consists of one Public Share and one Public Warrant. Each whole Public
Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 share, subject to adjustment. The Public Units
were sold at a price of 10.00 per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 143,750,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 762,500 Private Units to Sponsor, BTIG, LLC, Exos Capital LLC, and JonesTrading Institutional
Services LLC, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, for aggregate gross proceeds of 7,625,000. 

F- 16 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on January 18, 2023, 146,625,000 10.20 per Public Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Units in the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in the Trust Account, located in the United States which will be invested in U.S.
government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days
or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions
of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of an initial
business combination and (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, and (iii) the redemption of the Public Shares if
the Company is unable to complete an initial business combination by the end of Combination Period. 

On January 18, 2023, the Company paid 245,540
to the Sponsor, resulting in an overpayment of 8,306, that is recorded as a related party receivable. 

F- 17 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 tm2310236d1_ex3-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 3.1 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (2022 REVISION) 

OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES 

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED 

MEMORANDUM 
ARTICLES 

OF
ASSOCIATION 

OF 

ISRAEL
ACQUISITIONS CORP 

(ADOPTED
BY SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS DATED 17 NOVEMBER 2022) 

Kensington House 

 69 Dr. Roy s
Drive 

 P.O. Box 2510 

 George Town 

 Grand Cayman KY1-1104 

 CAYMAN ISLANDS 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Companies Act (2022 Revision) 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (2022 REVISION) 

OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES 

SECOND
AMENDED AND RESTATED 

MEMORANDUM
OF ASSOCIATION 

OF 

ISRAEL
ACQUISITIONS CORP 

(the
 Company 

(ADOPTED
BY SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS DATED 17 NOVEMBER 2022) 

1. The name of the Company is Israel Acquisitions
 Corp 

2. The registered office of the Company shall
 be at the offices of c/o Stuarts Corporate Services Ltd., P.O. Box 2510, Kensington
 House, 69 Dr Roy s Drive, Grand Cayman KY1-1104, CAYMAN ISLANDS, or at such other place
 as the directors of the Company may, from time to time, decide. 

3. The objects for which the Company is established
 are unrestricted and the Company shall have full power and authority to carry out any object
 not prohibited by any law as provided by section 7(4) of the Companies Act (2022 Revision),
 or any other law of the Cayman Islands. 

4. The Company shall have and be capable of exercising
 all the functions of a natural person of full capacity or body corporate in doing in any
 part of the world whether as principal, agent, contractor or otherwise whatever may be considered
 by it necessary for the attainment of its objects and whatever else may be considered by
 it as incidental or conducive thereto or consequential thereon, irrespective of any question
 of corporate benefit as provided by section 27(2) of the Companies Act (2022 Revision)
 including the power to make any alterations or amendments to its Memorandum and Articles
 of Association in the manner set out in its Articles of Association and including, but not
 limited to, the power to pay all expenses of and incidental to the promotion, formation and
 incorporation of the Company; to register the Company and do business in any other jurisdiction;
 to sell, lease or dispose of any property of the Company; to draw, make, accept, endorse,
 discount, execute and issue promissory notes, debentures, bills of exchange, bills of lading,
 warrants and other negotiable or transferable instruments; to lend money on the security
 of the undertaking or on all or any of the assets of the Company including uncalled capital
 or without security; to invest moneys of the Company in such manner as the directors of the
 Company determine; to promote other companies; to sell the undertaking of the Company for
 cash or any other consideration; to distribute assets in specie to members of the Company;
 to make charitable or benevolent donations; to pay pensions or gratuities or provide other
 benefits in cash or kind to directors, officers and/or employees of the Company, past or
 present and their families; to purchase directors and officers liability insurance
 and to carry on any trade or business and generally to do all acts and things which in the
 opinion of the Company or the directors of the Company may be conveniently or profitably
 or usefully acquired and dealt with, carried on, executed or done by the Company in connection
 with the business aforesaid PROVIDED THAT the Company shall only carry on the businesses
 for which a licence is required under the laws of the Cayman Islands when so licensed under
 the terms of such laws. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 1 

Companies Act (2022 Revision) 

5. The liability of each member of the Company
 is limited to the amount, if any, unpaid on the shares held by such member. 

6. The authorised share capital of the Company
 is US 22,200 divided into 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares of a nominal or par value
 of US 0.0001 each, 20,000,000 class B ordinary shares of a nominal or par value of US 0.0001
 each and 2,000,000 preferred shares of a nominal or par value of US 0.0001 each. Subject
 to the provisions of the Companies Act (2022 Revision) and the Articles of Association of
 the Company, the Company shall have the power to redeem or purchase any of its shares and
 to increase, reduce, sub-divide or consolidate the share capital and to issue all or any
 part of its capital whether original, redeemed, increased or reduced with or without any
 preference, priority or special privilege or subject to any postponement of rights or to
 any conditions or restrictions whatsoever and so that unless the conditions of issue shall
 otherwise expressly provide every issue of shares whether stated to be ordinary, preference
 or otherwise shall be subject to the powers on the part of the Company hereinbefore provided. 

7. If the Company is registered as exempted, its
 operations shall be carried on subject to section 174 of the Companies Act (2022 Revision).
 The Company may effect and conclude contracts in the Cayman Islands, and exercise in the
 Cayman Islands all of its powers necessary for the carrying on of its business outside the
 Cayman Islands but shall not otherwise trade in the Cayman Islands with any person, firm
 or corporation except in furtherance of the business of the Company carried on outside the
 Cayman Islands. 

8. Subject to the provisions of the Companies
 Act (2022 Revision) and the Articles of Association, the Company may exercise the power contained
 in section 206 of the Companies Act (2022 Revision) to deregister in the Cayman Islands and
 register by way of continuation under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

TABLE A 
 1 

INTERPRETATION 
 1 

COMMENCEMENT OF BUSINESS 
 6 

REGISTERED OFFICE 
 6 

REGISTER OF MEMBERS 
 6 

SHARE CERTIFICATES 
 6 

ISSUE OF SHARES 
 6 

COMMISSION ON SALE OF SHARES 
 11 

TRANSFER OF SHARES 
 11 

TRANSMISSION OF SHARES 
 12 

REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE OF OWN SHARES 
 12 

TREASURY SHARES 
 13 

VARIATION OF RIGHTS ATTACHING TO SHARES 
 14 

FRACTIONAL SHARES 
 14 

LIEN ON SHARES 
 14 

CALLS ON SHARES 
 15 

FORFEITURE OF SHARES 
 16 

ALTERATION OF CAPITAL 
 16 

CLOSING REGISTER OF MEMBERS OR FIXING RECORD DATE 
 17 

GENERAL MEETINGS OF MEMBERS 
 17 

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS 
 18 

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS 
 18 

VOTES OF MEMBERS 
 19 

MEMBERS PROXIES 
 20 

COMPANIES ACTING BY REPRESENTATIVES AT MEETINGS 
 20 

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS 
 20 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS 
 21 

POWERS AND DUTIES OF DIRECTORS 
 22 

BORROWING POWERS OF DIRECTORS 
 22 

APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS 
 22 

COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 
 22 

PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS 
 23 

DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS 
 25 

DIVIDENDS 
 25 

FINANCIAL YEAR 
 26 

ACCOUNTS AND AUDIT 
 26 

CAPITALIZATION OF PROFITS 
 27 

SHARE PREMIUM ACCOUNT 
 27 

INVESTMENT ACCOUNTS 
 28 

NOTICES 
 28 

THE SEAL 
 29 

INDEMNITY 
 30 

WINDING UP 
 30 

AMENDMENT OF MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION 
 31 

AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
 31 

REGISTRATION BY WAY OF CONTINUATION 
 31 

NON-RECOGNITION OF TRUSTS 
 31 

MERGERS AND CONSOLIDATION 
 31 

DISCLOSURE 
 31 

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 
 31 

AUTOMATIC EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 
 32 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

THE
COMPANIES ACT (2022 REVISION) 

OF
THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 

COMPANY
LIMITED BY SHARES 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

ARTICLES
OF ASSOCIATION 

OF 

ISRAEL
ACQUISITIONS CORP 

(the Company 

(ADOPTED
BY SPECIAL RESOLUTIONS DATED 17 NOVEMBER 2022) 

TABLE A 

1. Table
 'A' in the First Schedule of the Companies Act (2022 Revision) shall not apply to this Company
 and the following shall comprise the Articles of Association of the Company: 

INTERPRETATION 

2. In
 these Articles save where the context otherwise requires: 

AEOI Laws means the Tax
Information Authority Law (as amended) and any regulations made from time to time thereunder, and/or any existing or future legislation
applicable to the Company enacted by any jurisdiction that provides for the exchange of information regarding direct or indirect holders
of shares from time to time including, without limitation, FATCA and CRS; 

Articles or Articles
of Association means these articles of association as originally adopted or as, from time to time, altered by Special Resolution; 

Branch Register means
any branch Register of Members of such category or categories of Members as the Company may from time to time determine; 

Business Combination 
means a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination involving the Company,
with one or more businesses or entities (the target business ), which Business Combination: (a) must occur with one
or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Fund (excluding
the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Fund) at the time of the agreement to enter
into such Business Combination; and (b) must not be effectuated with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal
operations; 

certificate or share
certificate means a share certificate of the Company; 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth Code: J91064194667 

Page 1 

Class or Classes 
means any class or classes of Shares as may from time to time be issued by the Company; 

Class A Shares means
the Class A ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company of US 0.0001 nominal or par value designated as Class A Shares, and
having the rights provided for in these Articles; 

Class B Shares means
the Class B ordinary Shares in the capital of the Company of US 0.0001 nominal or par value designated as Class B Shares, and
having the rights provided for in these Articles; 

Companies Act means the
Companies Act (2022 Revision) of the Cayman Islands and any statutory amendment or re-enactment thereof. Where any provision of the Companies
Act is referred to, the reference is to that provision as amended by any law for the time being in force; 

Company means the above-named
company; 

Completion Window means
the period of time commencing on, and including the closing date of the Offering, and ending on the date that is 12 months after such
closing date of the Offering , provided however that if the Board of Directors anticipates that the Company may not be able to consummate
a Business Combination within 12 months of the closing of the Offering, the Company may, by Ordinary Resolution of the Directors (and
which for the avoidance of doubt does not require Shareholder approval), at the request of the Sponsor, extend the period of time to
consummate a Business Combination up to two times, each for an additional three month period (each such period a Funded Extension
Period (for a total of up to 18 months), provided that the Investor Group deposit into the trust account: (i) with respect
to a single Funded Extension Period, an additional US 0.10 per unit (for an aggregate of US 1,250,000, or US 1,437,500 if the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised in full) (an Extension Payment ), and (ii) with respect to two consecutive
Funded Extension Periods, an Extension Payment prior to each Funded Extension Period, or US 0.20 per unit in the aggregate (for an aggregate
of US 2,500,000, or US 2,875,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), upon five (5) days advance
notice prior to the applicable deadline pursuant to these Articles and the trust agreement to be entered into between the Company and
American Stock Transfer Trust Company; Designated Stock Exchange means any national securities exchange or automated
quotation system on which the Company's securities are traded, including, but not limited to, The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, the NYSE MKT
LLC, the New York Stock Exchange LLC or any over the counter (OTC) Market; 

CRS means one of the
following, as the context requires: 

(i) the
 Common Reporting Standard, being the standard for automatic exchange of financial account
 information developed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD as amended from time to time by the OECD; and 

(ii) any
 legislation, regulations or guidance in the Cayman Islands that give effect to the matters
 outlined in the preceding paragraph of this definition; 

debenture means debenture
stock, mortgages, bonds and any other such securities of the Company whether constituting a charge on the assets of the Company or not; 

Directors and Board
of Directors means the directors of the Company for the time being or, as the case may be, the directors assembled as a board
or as a committee thereof and Director means any one of the Directors; 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth Code: J91064194667 

Page 2 

Exchange Act means the
United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any similar U.S. federal statute and the rules and regulations of
the SEC promulgated thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect at the time; 

FATCA means one of the
following, as the context requires: 

(i) sections
 1471 to 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and any associated legislation, regulations
 or guidance, or similar legislation, regulations or guidance enacted in any jurisdiction
 which seeks to implement similar tax reporting and/or withholding tax regimes; 

(ii) any
 intergovernmental agreement, treaty, regulation, guidance or any other agreement between
 the Cayman Islands (or any Cayman Islands government body) and the United States, the United
 Kingdom or any other jurisdiction (including any government bodies in such jurisdiction),
 entered into in order to comply with, facilitate, supplement or implement the legislation,
 regulations or guidance described in paragraph (i) of this definition; and 

(iii) any
 legislation, regulations or guidance in the Cayman Islands that give effect to the matters
 outlined in the preceding paragraphs of this definition; 

Extraordinary Resolution 
means a resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of such Shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies
are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company; 

Investment Account shall
have the meaning ascribed to it in Article 174; 

Investor Group means the
Sponsor, Israel Acquisitions Sponsor LLC, (an exempted limited liability company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands)
and their respective affiliates, and the respective successors and assigns of the foregoing; 

IPO or Offering 
means the Company s initial public offering of securities; 

Members or Shareholders 
means those persons who have agreed to become members of the Company and whose names have been entered in the Register of Members and
includes each subscriber of the Memorandum and Member or Shareholder respectively means any one of them; 

Memorandum of Association 
means the memorandum of association of the Company, as amended and re-stated from time to time; 

month means calendar
month; 

Offering Shares means the
Class A Shares sold in the Offering, whether such Class A Shares were purchased in the Offering or in the secondary market
following the Offering and whether or not such holders are affiliates of the Sponsor; 

Office means the registered
office of the Company as required by the Companies Act; 

Officer and Director Related
Person has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 204; 

Officer and Director Related
Entities has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 204; 

Officers means the officers
for the time being and from time to time of the Company; 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth Code: J91064194667 

Page 3 

Ordinary Shares means the
Class A Shares and the Class B Shares; 

Ordinary Resolution means
a resolution: 

(i) passed
 by a simple majority of such Members as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where
 proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company and where a poll is taken
 regard shall be had in computing a majority to the number of votes to which each Member is
 entitled; or 

(ii) approved
 in writing by all of the Members entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company in
 one or more instruments each signed by one or more of the Members and the effective date
 of the resolution so adopted shall be the date on which the instrument, or the last of such
 instruments if more than one, is executed; 

paid up means paid up
as to the par value and any premium payable in respect of the issue of any shares and includes credited as paid up; 

Person means any natural
person, firm, company, joint venture, partnership, corporation, association or other entity (whether or not having a separate legal personality)
or any of them as the context so requires, other than in respect of a Director or Officer in which circumstances Person shall mean any
person or entity permitted to act as such in accordance with the laws of the Cayman Islands; 

Preferred Shares means
the Preferred Shares in the capital of the Company of US 0.0001 nominal or par value designated as Preferred Shares, and having the rights
provided for in these Articles; 

Principal Register , where
the Company has established one or more Branch Registers pursuant to the Companies Act and these Articles, means the Register of Members
maintained by the Company pursuant to the Companies Act and these Articles that is not designated by the Directors as a Branch Register; 

Proxy Solicitation Rules 
has the meaning ascribed to it in Article 25; 

Public Shareholders means
the holders of the Offering Shares; 

Redemption Price has the
meaning ascribed to it in Article 24; 

Redemption Rights has the
meaning ascribed to it in Article 24; 

Registered Office means
the registered office for the time being of the Company; 

Register of Members means
the register of members to be kept by the Company in accordance with section 40 of the Companies Act and includes any Branch Register(s) established
by the Company in accordance with the Companies Act; 

Registration Statement 
means the Company s registration statement on Form S-1, as filed with the SEC in connection with the IPO, as may be modified
or superseded from time to time; 

Seal means the common
seal of the Company (if adopted) including any facsimile thereof; 

SEC means the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Series means a series of
a Class as may from time to time be issued by the Company; 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 4 

shares means shares in the capital of the
Company, including a fraction of any of them and share means any one of them; 

Share Premium Account means the share premium
account established in accordance with these Articles and the Companies Act; 

signed includes a signature or representation
of a signature affixed by mechanical means; 

Special Resolution means a resolution passed
in accordance with section 60 of the Companies Act, being a resolution: 

(i) passed
 by a majority of not less than two-thirds (provided, however that in respect to any special
 resolution to amend either of Articles 121 or 199 of these Articles, at least 90 of the
 votes cast at a meeting of the Ordinary Shares) of such Members as, being entitled to do
 so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at a general meeting of the Company
 of which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution
 has been duly given and where a poll is taken regard shall be had in computing a majority
 to the number of votes to which each Member is entitled; or 

(ii) approved
 in writing by all of the Members entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company in
 one or more instruments each signed by one or more of the Members and the effective date
 of the special resolution so adopted shall be the date on which the instrument or the last
 of such instruments if more than one, is executed; 

Sponsor means Israel Acquisitions Sponsor
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Tender Offer Rules has the meaning ascribed
to it in Article 25; 

Treasury Shares means
shares that were previously issued but were purchased, redeemed, surrendered or otherwise acquired by the Company and not cancelled; 

Trust Fund means the
trust account established by the Company upon the consummation of its IPO and into which a certain amount of the gross proceeds of the
IPO, together with certain of the proceeds of a private placement of shares and warrants simultaneously with the closing date of the
IPO, will be deposited; and 

written and in writing includes
all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form. 

3. In
 these Articles save where the context otherwise requires: 

3.1 words
 importing the singular number shall include the plural number and vice versa; 

3.2 words
 importing the masculine gender only shall include the feminine gender; 

3.3 words
 importing persons only shall include companies or associations or bodies of persons, whether
 corporate or not; 

3.4 may 
 shall be construed as permissive and shall shall be construed as imperative; 

3.5 a
 reference to a dollar or dollars (or or USD) and to a cent or cents (or c) is a reference
 to dollars and cents of the United States of America; and 

3.6 references
 to a statutory enactment shall include reference to any amendment or re-enactment thereof
 for the time being in force. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth Code: J91064194667 

Page 5 

4. Subject
 to the two preceding Articles, any expressions defined in the Companies Act shall, if not
 inconsistent with the subject or context of these Articles, bear the same meaning in these
 Articles. 

COMMENCEMENT
OF BUSINESS 

5. The
 business of the Company may be commenced as soon after incorporation as the Directors see
 fit, notwithstanding that part only of the shares may have been allotted or issued. 

REGISTERED
OFFICE 

6. The
 Registered Office of the Company shall be at such place in the Cayman Islands as the Directors
 shall from time to time resolve by resolution. The Company may also establish and maintain
 such other offices and places of business and agencies outside the Cayman Islands as the
 Directors decide. 

REGISTER
OF MEMBERS 

7. The
 expenses incurred in the formation of the Company and in connection with the offer for subscription
 and issue of Shares shall be paid by the Company. Such expenses may be amortised over such
 period as the Directors may determine and the amount so paid shall be charged against income
 and/or capital in the accounts of the Company as the Directors shall determine. 

8. The
 Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained a Register of Members in accordance with
 the Companies Act at the Registered Office or such other place as determined by the Directors.
 The Company may maintain, or cause to be maintained, one or more Branch Registers as well
 as the Principal Register in accordance with the Companies Act, provided always that a duplicate
 of such Branch Register(s) shall be maintained with the Principal Register in accordance
 with the Companies Act and the rules or requirements of any Designated Stock Exchange. 

SHARE
CERTIFICATES 

9. Every
 Member shall, without payment, be entitled to a share certificate in such form as determined
 by the Directors. 

10. Share
 certificates shall be signed by a Director of the Company and shall be numbered consecutively
 or otherwise identified and shall specify the number of shares held by the Member and the
 amount paid up thereon. 

11. In
 respect of a share or shares held jointly by several persons the Company shall not be bound
 to issue more than one certificate and delivery of a certificate for a share or shares to
 one of several joint holders shall be sufficient delivery to all joint holders. 

12. If
 a share certificate is defaced, lost or destroyed it may be renewed on payment of such fee,
 if any, not exceeding 100 and on such terms, if any, as to evidence and indemnity as the
 Directors think fit. 

ISSUE
OF SHARES 

13. Subject
 to the provisions, if any, in that behalf of the Memorandum of Association or these Articles
 and the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange and/or any competent regulatory authority,
 and to any direction that may be given by the Company in general meeting and without prejudice
 to any special rights previously conferred on the holders of existing shares, all unissued
 shares in the capital of the Company shall be under the control of the Directors, and the
 Directors may issue, allot, grant options over, re-designate or dispose of such unissued
 shares (including fractions of a share) with or without preferred, deferred or other special
 rights or such restrictions whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise
 and in such manner, to such persons and on such terms as the Directors in their absolute
 discretion think fit. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 6 

14. 
 The Company shall not issue shares
 in bearer form. 

ORDINARY
SHARES 

15. The
 holders of all Ordinary Shares shall be: 

15.1 entitled
 to dividends in accordance with the relevant provisions of these Articles 

15.2 entitled
 to the rights on a winding up of the Company in accordance with the relevant provisions of
 these Articles; 

15.3 entitled
 to receive notice of and attend general meetings of the Company and shall, except as otherwise
 expressly provided herein, be entitled to one vote for each Ordinary Share registered in
 the name of such holder in the Register of Members; an 

15.4 except
 as otherwise specified in these Articles or required by law or Designated Stock Exchange
 rule, the holders of the Class A Shares and Class B Shares on an as converted basis
 shall vote as a single class. 

FOUNDER
SHARES CONVERSION AND ANTI-DILUTION RIGHTS 

16. At
 the time of the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination, the issued
 and outstanding Class B Shares shall automatically be converted into such number of
 Class A Shares as is equal to 25 of the sum of: 

16.1 The
 total number of Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of this Offering
 (excluding the private placement shares), plus 

16.2 the
 total number of Class A Shares issued or deemed issued, or issuable upon the conversion
 or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company
 in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
 excluding (x) any Class A Shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or
 convertible into Class A Shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued, to any seller
 in the initial Business Combination and (y) any private placement warrants issued to
 the Sponsor its affiliates or any member of the management team of the Company upon conversion
 of working capital loans. 

17. Holders
 of Class B Shares may also elect to convert their Class B Shares into an equal
 number of Class A Shares, subject to adjustment as provided herein, at any time. Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary contained herein, in no event shall the Class B Shares convert
 into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. 

18. Notwithstanding
 anything to the contrary contained herein, the inclusion of shares as to any particular issuance
 or deemed issuance of Class A Shares or equity-linked securities in the calculation
 of the conversion ratio in Article 16.2 may be waived by the written consent or agreement
 of holders of a majority of the Class B Shares then outstanding consenting or agreeing
 separately as a single class. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 7 

19. The
 foregoing conversion ratio in respect of Class B Shares set out in Article 16
 shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by share split, subdivision, exchange,
 share dividend, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination
 (by reverse share split, exchange, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or
 otherwise) or similar reclassification or recapitalization of the outstanding Class A
 Shares into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original filing of these
 Articles without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification
 or recapitalization of the outstanding Class B Shares. 

20. References
 in Articles 16 to Article 22 to converted , conversion or
 exchange shall mean the compulsory redemption without notice of Class B
 Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application of such redemption
 proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have
 been converted or exchanged at a price per Class B Share necessary to give effect to
 a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued
 as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be
 issued on an exchange or conversion shall be registered in the name of such Member or in
 such name as the Member may direct. 

21. Each
 Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class A Shares as set forth
 in this Article 21. The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will
 be determined as follows: Each Class B Ordinary Share shall convert into such number
 of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator
 of which shall be the total number of Class A Shares into which all of the issued and
 outstanding Class B Shares shall be converted, determined in accordance with this Article 
 21 and the denominator of which shall be the total number of issued and outstanding Class B
 Shares at the time of conversion. 

22. The
 Directors may effect such conversion in any manner available under applicable law, including
 redeeming or repurchasing the relevant Class B Shares and applying the proceeds thereof
 towards payment for the new Class A Shares. For purposes of the repurchase or redemption,
 the Directors may, subject to the Company being able to pay its debts in the ordinary course
 of business, make payments out of amounts standing to the credit of the Company s share
 premium account or out of its capital. 

BUSINESS
COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS 

23. The
 provisions of Articles 23 to 35 shall apply during the period commencing upon the date of
 the adoption of these Articles and terminating upon the first to occur of the Company's initial
 Business Combination and the distribution of the Trust Fund pursuant to Article 26.
 In the event of a conflict between the Articles under this heading Business Combination
 Requirements and any other Articles, the provisions of the Articles under this heading
 Business Combination Requirements shall prevail. Immediately after the Offering,
 a certain amount of the gross proceeds of the IPO, together with certain of the proceeds
 of a private placement of units simultaneously with the closing date of the IPO and certain
 other amounts specified in the Registration Statement shall be deposited in the Trust Fund
 established for the benefit of Public Shareholders pursuant to a trust agreement described
 in the Registration Statement. Except for the withdrawal of interest earned on the funds
 held in the Trust Fund that may be released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (which
 shall not include excise taxes), if any, or any certain dissolution expenses, none of the
 monies held in the Trust Fund (including the interest earned on the monies held in the Trust
 Fund) will be released from the Trust Fund until the earliest of (i) the completion
 of the Company's initial Business Combination (including the release of funds to pay any
 amounts due to any Public Shareholder who properly exercise their redemption rights in connection
 therewith), (ii) the redemption of Shares in connection with a vote seeking to (A) amend
 any provisions of these Articles that would affect the substance or timing of the Company's
 obligation to redeem 100 of the Offering Shares if the Company has not consummated its initial
 Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) amend any other material provisions
 of these Articles relating to Shareholders' rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity
 and (iii) the redemption of 100 of the Offering Shares if the Company is unable to
 complete its initial Business Combination within the Completion Window. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 8 

24. Upon
 completion of the initial Business Combination, the Company shall provide all Public Shareholders
 with the opportunity to have their Offering Shares redeemed (such rights of such holders
 to have their Offering Shares redeemed being the Redemption Rights pursuant
 to, and subject to the limitations of, Articles 25 and 26 hereof for cash equal to the applicable
 redemption price per share determined in accordance with Article 25 (the Redemption
 Price provided, however, that the Company will not redeem Offering Shares if it would
 cause (after such redemption), the net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with
 Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
 Act (or any successor rule)), of the Company, or of any entity that succeeds the
 Company as a public company, to less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of the initial Business
 Combination or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained
 in the agreement relating to the initial Business Combination. If the initial Business Combination
 is not consummated, any shares submitted for redemption shall be returned to the respective
 owner and shall remain outstanding. 

25. If
 the Company offers to redeem the Offering Shares other than in conjunction with a shareholder
 vote on an initial Business Combination with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation
 14A of the Exchange Act and filing proxy materials with the SEC, the Company shall offer
 to redeem the Offering Shares, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, such redemption
 to be effected in accordance with the provisions of Article 24 pursuant to a tender
 offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act (such
 rules and regulations hereinafter called the Tender Offer Rules which it
 shall commence prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination and shall file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination
 that contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business
 Combination and the Redemption Rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange
 Act (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Proxy Solicitation Rules ),
 even if such information is not required under the Tender Offer Rules; provided, however,
 that if a Shareholder vote is required to approve the proposed initial Business Combination,
 or the Company decides to submit the proposed initial Business Combination to the Public
 Shareholders for their approval, the Company shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares, subject
 to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance with the provisions of Article 
 22 hereof in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the Proxy Solicitation Rules (and
 not the Tender Offer Rules) at a price per share equal to the Redemption Price calculated
 in accordance with the following provisions of this Article 24. In the event that the
 Company offers to redeem the Offering Shares pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with
 the Tender Offer Rules, the Redemption Price per share of the Ordinary Shares payable to
 holders of the Offering Shares tendering their Offering Shares pursuant to such tender offer
 shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing: (i) the aggregate amount on deposit
 in the Trust Fund as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business
 Combination, including interest not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations,
 by (ii) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares. If the Company offers
 to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a Shareholder vote on the proposed initial
 Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation, (A) the Redemption Price per
 share of the Ordinary Shares payable to holders of the Offering Shares exercising their Redemption
 Rights shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the aggregate amount
 on deposit in the Trust Fund as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial
 Business Combination, including interest not previously released to the Company to pay its
 tax obligations, by (b) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares, and (B) unless
 extended by the Company in its sole discretion, holders of Offering Shares seeking to exercise
 their redemption rights will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to
 the Company s transfer agent or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
 using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System,
 at the holder s option, in each case no later than two business days prior to the initially
 scheduled vote on the initial Business Combination. If the initial Business Combination is
 not consummated, any shares submitted for redemption shall be returned to the respective
 owner and shall remain outstanding. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 9 

26. If
 the Company offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a Shareholder vote on
 an initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation which, for the avoidance
 of doubt, only applies where the Company does not conduct a redemption in connection with
 the Initial Business Combination pursuant to the Tender Offer Rules, a Public Shareholder,
 together with any affiliate of such Public Shareholder or any other person with whom such
 Public Shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13
 of the Exchange Act), shall be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to
 more than in aggregate 15 of the Offering Shares, without the prior consent of the Company.
 In the event that the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within
 the Completion Window, the Company shall (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
 of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten (10) business
 days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the Offering
 Shares in consideration of a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the quotient obtained
 by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Fund, including interest
 not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations (less up to US 100,000
 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses), by (B) the total number of then outstanding
 Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the Public Shareholders
 (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
 law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
 to the approval of the remaining Shareholders and the Directors, liquidate and dissolve,
 subject in each case to the Company s obligations under the Companies Act to provide
 for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 

27. If
 the Company offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a Shareholder vote on
 an initial Business Combination, the Company shall consummate the proposed initial Business
 Combination only if it is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
 the Shares that are voted, or such higher threshold as may be required by the Companies Act. 

28. If
 the Company conducts a tender offer pursuant to Article 25 the Company shall consummate
 the proposed initial Business Combination only if the redemption of Public Shares does not
 cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. 

29. A
 Class A Shareholder shall be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Fund only as provided
 in Articles 24, 25, 26 and/or 33 of these Articles. In no other circumstances shall a Class A
 Shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in or to distributions from the Trust
 Fund, and no Shareholder other than a Class A Shareholder shall have any interest in
 or to the Trust Fund. 

30. Each
 Shareholder that does not exercise its Redemption Rights shall retain its Shares in the Company
 and shall be deemed to have given its consent to the release of the remaining funds in the
 Trust Fund to the Company, and following payment to any Public Shareholders exercising their
 Redemption Rights, the remaining funds in the Trust Fund shall be released to the Company. 

31. The
 exercise by a Shareholder of its Redemption Rights shall be conditioned on such Shareholder
 following the specific procedures for redemptions set forth by the Company in any applicable
 tender offer or proxy materials sent to the Public Shareholders relating to the proposed
 initial Business Combination. Payment of the amounts necessary to satisfy the Redemption
 Rights properly exercised shall be made as promptly as practical after the consummation of
 the initial Business Combination. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 10 

32. If
 any amendment is made to Article 27 that would affect the substance or timing of the
 Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the Offering Shares if the Company has not consummated
 an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, or any amendment is made with
 respect to any other material provisions of these Articles relating to Public Shareholders'
 rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, the Public Shareholders shall be provided
 with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Fund, including interest not previously
 released to the Company to pay its tax obligations, divided by the number of then outstanding
 Offering Shares. The Company will not redeem Offering Shares if this would cause its net
 tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If the amendment is not consummated, any shares
 submitted for redemption shall be returned to the respective owner and shall remain outstanding. 

33. So
 long as the Company s Class A Shares are listed on NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, the
 Company s initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses
 that together have a fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the net assets held
 in the Trust Fund (excluding the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and amounts
 previously disbursed for tax obligations) at the time of the agreement to enter into the
 initial Business Combination and, in addition to any other approval required by these Articles,
 must be approved by a majority of the Company s Independent Directors (as defined in
 in the prospectus relating to the IPO). 

34. The
 Company may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with
 the Sponsor, the Directors or executive officers of the Company. In the event the Company
 seeks to complete an initial Business Combination with a target that is affiliated with the
 Sponsor, executive officers or Directors, the Company, or a committee of independent Directors,
 shall obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of
 FINRA, or an independent accounting firm, that such Business Combination is fair to the Company
 from a financial point of view. 

35. After
 the issue of Class A Shares in connection with the Offering and prior to the consummation
 of the initial Business Combination, the Directors shall not issue additional Shares or any
 other securities that that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from
 the Trust Fund or (ii) vote in respect of any initial Business Combination or on any
 other proposal presented to the Shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion
 of an initial Business Combination. 

COMMISSION
ON SALE OF SHARES 

36. The
 Company may in so far as may be permitted by law, pay a commission to any person in consideration
 of his subscribing or agreeing to subscribe whether absolutely or conditionally for any shares.
 Such commission may be satisfied by the payment of cash or the lodgement of fully or partly
 paid up shares or partly in one way and partly in the other. The Company may also on any
 issue of shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful. 

TRANSFER
OF SHARES 

37. The
 instrument of transfer of any share shall be in writing in (a) any usual or common form,
 (b) such form as prescribed by the Designated Stock Exchange, or (c) such other
 form approved by the Directors. 

38. The
 instrument of transfer of any share shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor and
 the transferee and shall be accompanied by any certificate of the shares to which it relates
 and such other evidence as the Directors may reasonably require to show the right of the
 transferor to make the transfer. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 11 

39. All
 share certificates surrendered to the Company for transfer shall be cancelled and the Directors
 shall issue a new share certificate for a like number of shares as those which have been
 surrendered and cancelled. 

40. Subject
 to the terms of issue thereof and the rules or regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange
 or any relevant rules of the SEC or securities laws (including, but not limited to the
 Exchange Act), the Directors may in their absolute discretion decline to register any transfer
 of shares without assigning any reason for so doing. If the Directors refuse to register
 a transfer of any shares, they shall send notice of the refusal to the transferee within
 two months of the date on which the transfer was lodged with the Company. 

41. The
 registration of transfers may be suspended at such times and for such periods as the Directors
 may from time to time determine, provided always that such registration shall not be suspended
 for more than 45 days in any year. 

42. The
 securities comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO may be traded separately
 from one another as set forth in the prospectus relating to the IPO. 

TRANSMISSION
OF SHARES 

43. The
 legal personal representative of a deceased sole holder of a share shall be the only person
 recognized by the Company as having any title to the share. In the case of a share registered
 in the name of two or more holders, the survivors or survivor, or the legal personal representatives
 of the deceased survivor, shall be the only person recognized by the Company as having any
 title to the share. 

44. Any
 person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death, bankruptcy, liquidation
 or dissolution of a Member shall upon such evidence being produced as may from time to time
 be properly required by the Directors, have the right either to be registered as a member
 in respect of the share (and if he so elects shall deliver to the Company a notice in writing
 signed by him stating his election to be registered as holder) or, instead of being registered
 himself, to make such transfer of the share as the deceased or bankrupt person could have
 made; but the Directors shall, in either case, have the same right to decline or suspend
 registration as they would have had in the case of a transfer of the share by the deceased
 or bankrupt person before the death or bankruptcy. 

45. A
 person becoming entitled to a share by reason of the death, bankruptcy liquidation or dissolution
 of the holder shall be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages to which he would
 be entitled if he were the registered holder of the share, except that he shall not, before
 being registered as a Member in respect of the share, be entitled in respect of it to exercise
 any right conferred by membership in relation to meetings of the Company PROVIDED THAT the
 Directors may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered
 himself or to transfer the share and if the notice is not complied with within ninety days
 the Directors may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends, bonuses or other moneys payable
 in respect of the share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with. 

REDEMPTION
AND PURCHASE OF OWN SHARES 

46. Subject
 to the provisions of the Companies Act and the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange,
 the Company may: 

46.1 issue
 shares on terms that they are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of
 the Company or the Member on such terms and in such manner as the Directors may, before the
 issue of such shares, determine; 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 12 

46.2 purchase
 its own shares (including fractions of a share and any redeemable shares) on such terms and
 in such manner as the Directors may determine and agree with the Member; 

46.3 make
 a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own shares in any manner authorized
 by the Companies Act including out of capital; and 

46.4 accept
 the surrender for no consideration any paid up share on such terms and in such manner as
 the Directors may determine. 

47. A
 share which is liable to be redeemed by either the Company or the Member shall be redeemed
 by the entitled party giving to the other notice in writing of the intention to redeem such
 shares (a Redemption Notice and specifying the date of such redemption which
 must be a day on which banks in the Cayman Islands are open for business. 

48. Any
 share in respect of which a Redemption Notice has been given shall not be entitled to participate
 in the profits of the Company in respect of the period after the date specified as the date
 of redemption in the Redemption Notice. 

49. The
 redemption or purchase of any share shall not be deemed to give rise to the redemption or
 purchase of any other share. 

50. At
 the date specified in the Redemption Notice, or the date on which the shares are to be purchased,
 the holder of the shares being redeemed or purchased shall be bound to deliver up to the
 Company at its Registered Office the certificate thereof for cancellation and thereupon the
 Company shall pay to him the redemption or purchase moneys in respect thereof. 

51. The
 Directors may, when making payments in respect of the redemption or purchase of shares, if
 authorized by the terms of issue of the shares being redeemed or purchased or with the agreement
 of the holder of such shares, make such payment either in cash or in specie. 

52. The
 Company will conduct redemptions called for by Articles 23 to 33 (inclusive) in accordance
 with the terms of such Articles. 

TREASURY
SHARES 

53. Shares
 that the Company purchases, redeems or acquires (by way of surrender or otherwise) may, at
 the option of the Company, be cancelled immediately or held as Treasury Shares in accordance
 with the Companies Act. In the event that the Directors do not specify that the relevant
 shares are to be held as Treasury Shares, such shares shall be cancelled. 

54. No
 dividend may be declared or paid, and no other distribution (whether in cash or otherwise)
 of the Company s assets (including any distribution of assets to members on a winding
 up) may be declared or paid in respect of a Treasury Share. 

55. The
 Company shall be entered in the Register of Members as the holder of the Treasury Shares
 provided that: 

the Company
shall not be treated as a member for any purpose and shall not exercise any right in respect of the Treasury Shares, and any purported
exercise of such a right shall be void; and 

55.1 a
 Treasury shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting of the Company and shall
 not be counted in determining the total number of issued shares at any given time, whether
 for the purposes of these Articles or the Companies Act, save that an allotment of shares
 as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a Treasury Share is permitted and shares allotted
 as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a Treasury Share shall be treated as Treasury Shares. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 13 

56. Treasury
 Shares may be disposed of by the Company on such terms and conditions as determined by the
 Directors. 

VARIATION
OF RIGHTS ATTACHING TO SHARES 

57. If
 at any time the share capital of the Company is divided into different classes of shares,
 the rights attaching to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the
 shares of that class) may be varied by the Board of Directors with the consent in writing
 of the holders of two-thirds of the issued shares of that class, or with the sanction of
 a Special Resolution passed at a general meeting of the holders of the issued shares of that
 class present in person or by proxy. 

58. The
 provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings of the Company shall mutatis mutandis
 apply to every such general meeting of the holders of such class of shares, but so that the
 necessary quorum shall be at least one person holding or representing by proxy at least one-third
 of the issued shares of the class and so that any holder of shares of the class present in
 person or by proxy may demand a poll. 

59. The
 rights conferred upon the holders of the shares of any class issued with preferred or other
 rights shall not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the shares
 of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking
 pari passu therewith or by the redemption or purchase of shares of any class by the Company. 

FRACTIONAL
SHARES 

60. The
 Directors may issue fractions of a share of any class of shares, and, if so issued, a fraction
 of a share (calculated to three decimal points) shall be subject to and carry the corresponding
 fraction of liabilities (whether with respect to any unpaid amount thereon, contribution,
 calls or otherwise), limitations, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions,
 rights (including, without limitation, voting and participation rights) and other attributes
 of a whole share of the same class of shares. If more than one fraction of a share of the
 same class is issued to or acquired by the same Member such fractions shall be accumulated. 

LIEN
ON SHARES 

61. The
 Company shall have a first priority lien and charge on every partly paid share for all moneys
 (whether presently payable or not) called or payable at a fixed time in respect of that share,
 and the Company shall also have a first priority lien and charge on all partly paid shares
 registered in the name of a Member (whether held solely or jointly with another person) for
 all moneys presently payable by him or his estate to the Company; but the Directors may at
 any time declare any share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article.
 The Company's lien, if any, on a share shall extend to all dividends and other moneys payable
 in respect thereof. 

62. The
 Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any shares on which the Company
 has a lien, but no sale shall be made unless some sum in respect of which the lien exists
 is presently payable nor until the expiration of 14 days after a notice in writing, stating
 and demanding payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is
 presently payable, has been given to the registered holder for the time being of the share,
 or the persons entitled thereto of which the Company has notice, by reason of his death or
 bankruptcy. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 14 

63. To give effect to any such sale the Directors may authorize some person to transfer the shares sold to
the purchaser thereof. The purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the shares comprised in any such transfer and he shall not be
bound to see to the application of the purchase money, nor shall his title to the shares be affected by any irregularity or invalidity
in the proceedings in reference to the sale. 

64. The proceeds of such sale shall be received by the Company and applied in payment of such part of the
amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, and the residue (if any) shall (subject to a like lien for sums not
presently payable as existed upon the shares prior to the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the shares at the date of the sale. 

CALLS ON SHARES 

65. The Directors may from time to time make calls upon the Members in respect of any moneys unpaid on their
shares (whether on account of the nominal value of the shares or by way of premium or otherwise) and each Member shall (subject to receiving
at least 14 days notice specifying the time or times of payment) pay to the Company at the time or times so specified the amount
called on his shares. 

66. A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time that the Directors have resolved by resolution to
make such call. 

67. The joint holders of a share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay calls in respect thereof. 

68. Any sum which by the terms of issue of a share becomes payable on allotment or at any fixed date, whether
on account of the nominal value of the share or by way of premium or otherwise, shall for the purposes of these Articles be deemed to
be a call duly made, notified and payable on the date on which by the terms of issue the same becomes payable, and in the case of non-payment
all the relevant provisions of these Articles as to payment of interest, forfeiture or otherwise shall apply as if such sum had become
payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 

69. If a sum called in respect of a share is not paid before or on the day appointed for payment thereof,
the person from whom the sum is due shall pay interest upon the sum at the rate of eight per centum per annum from the day appointed for
the payment thereof to the time of the actual payment, but the Directors shall be at liberty to waive payment of that interest wholly
or in part. 

70. The provisions of these Articles as to the liability of joint holders and as to payment of interest shall
apply in the case of non-payment of any sum which, by the terms of issue of a share, becomes payable at a fixed time, whether on account
of the amount of the share, or by way of premium, as if the same had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 

71. The Directors may make arrangements on the issue of shares for a difference between the Members, or the
particular shares, in the amount of calls to be paid and in the times of payment and may revoke or postpone a call in their discretion. 

72. The Directors may, if they think fit, receive from any Member willing to advance the same all or any part
of the moneys uncalled and unpaid upon any shares held by him, and upon all or any of the moneys so advanced may (until the same would,
but for such advance, become presently payable) pay interest at such rate (not exceeding without the sanction of an Ordinary Resolution
eight per centum per annum) as may be agreed upon between the Member paying the sum in advance and the Directors. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 15 

FORFEITURE OF SHARES 

73. If a Member fails to pay any call or instalment of a call together with any interest which may have accrued
within 10 days of the day appointed for payment thereof, the Directors may, at any time thereafter during such time as any part of such
call or instalment remains unpaid, enforce any of the provisions of, and take such action as is referred to in these Articles, including
but not limited to, forfeiting any share in respect of which the call or instalment of a call remains unpaid. No further notice demanding
payment of the amount due need be given to the registered holder of the share or the persons entitled thereto by reason of his death or
bankruptcy of the shares to be forfeited. 

74. A forfeited share may be sold, cancelled or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as
the Directors in their absolute discretion think fit, and at any time before a sale, cancellation or disposition the forfeiture may be
cancelled on such terms as the Directors in their absolute discretion think fit. The Company may indirectly procure the purchase of a
share forfeited pursuant to the previous sentence without being required to comply with the redemption provisions of these Articles. The
proceeds of the sale or disposition of a forfeited share after deduction of expenses, fees and commissions incurred by the Company in
connection with the sale and after the deduction of all other amounts including accrued interest shall be received by the Company and
applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which any lien or obligation exists as is presently payable on other shares
held by that Member, and the residue shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the shares prior to
such sale or disposition) be disposed of on such terms as the Directors in their absolute discretion think fit. 

75. A statutory declaration in writing that the declarant is a Director, and that a share in the Company has
been duly forfeited on a date stated in the declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons
claiming to be entitled to the share. The Company may receive the consideration, if any, given for the share on any sale or disposition
thereof and may execute a transfer of the share in favour of the person to whom the share is sold or disposed of and he shall thereupon
be registered as the holder of the share, and shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, if any, nor shall his
title to the share be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of
the share. 

76. The provisions of these Articles as to forfeiture shall apply in the case of non-payment of any sum which
by the terms of issue of a share becomes payable at any time, whether on account of the amount of the share, or by way of premium, as
if the same had been payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified. 

77. A person whose shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of the forfeited shares,
but shall, notwithstanding, remain liable to pay to the Company all moneys which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to the
Company in respect of the shares, but his liability shall cease if and when the Company receives payment in full of the fully paid up
amount of the shares. 

ALTERATION OF CAPITAL 

78. The Company may from time to time by Ordinary Resolution increase the share capital by such sum, to be
divided into shares of such classes and amount, as the resolution shall prescribe. 

79. The Company may by Ordinary Resolution: 

79.1 consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into shares of larger amount than its existing
shares; 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 16 

79.2 subdivide its existing shares, or any of them into shares of a smaller amount provided that in the subdivision
the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced share shall be the same as it was in the case of
the share from which the reduced share is derived; 

79.3 cancel any shares which, at the date of the passing of the resolution, have not been taken or agreed to
be taken by any person and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the shares so cancelled; and 

79.4 convert all or any of its paid up shares into stock and reconvert that stock into paid up shares of any
denomination. 

80. The Company may by Special Resolution reduce its share capital and any capital redemption reserve in any
manner authorized by the Companies Act. 

CLOSING REGISTER OF MEMBERS OR FIXING RECORD DATE 

81. For the purpose of determining those Members that are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at
any meeting of Members or any adjournment thereof, or those Members that are entitled to receive payment of any dividend, or in order
to make a determination as to who is a Member for any other purpose, the Directors may provide that the Register of Members shall be closed
for transfers for a stated period but not to exceed in any case 40 days. If the Register of Members shall be so closed for the purpose
of determining those Members that are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at a meeting of Members such register shall be so
closed for not more than 10 days immediately preceding such meeting and the record date for such determination shall be the first date
of the closure of the Register of Members. 

82. In lieu of or apart from closing the Register of Members, the Directors may fix in advance a date as the
record date for any such determination of those Members that are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at a meeting of the Members
and for the purpose of determining those Members that are entitled to receive payment of any dividend the Directors may, at or within
90 days prior to the date of declaration of such dividend fix a subsequent date as the record date for such determination. 

83. If the Register of Members is not so closed and no record date is fixed for the determination of those
Members that are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at a meeting of Members or those Members that are entitled to receive payment
of a dividend, the date on which notice of the meeting is posted or the date on which the resolution of the Directors declaring such dividend
is adopted, as the case may be, shall be the record date for such determination of Members. When a determination of those Members that
are entitled to receive notice of, attend or vote at a meeting of Members has been made as provided in this section, such determination
shall apply to any adjournment thereof. 

GENERAL MEETINGS OF MEMBERS 

84. The Directors may, whenever they think fit, convene a general meeting of the Company. 

85. The Directors shall convene a general meeting of the Company on the written requisition of any Member
or Members entitled to attend and vote at general meetings of the Company who hold(s) not less than 10 per cent of the paid up voting
share capital of the Company, such requisition to be deposited at the Registered Office. 

86. The Members requisition shall specify the objects of the meeting and shall be signed by the requisitionists.
If the Directors do not convene a requisitioned meeting within 21 days of the deposit of the requisition (such meeting
to be convened no less than 30 days from the date of deposit of the requisition), the requisitionists themselves may convene the general
meeting in the same manner, as nearly as possible, as that in which meetings may be convened by the Directors, and all reasonable expenses
incurred by the requisitionists as a result of the failure of the Directors to convene the general meeting shall be reimbursed to them
by the Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 17 

87. If at any time there are no Directors of the Company, any two Members (or if there is only one Member
then that Member) entitled to vote at general meetings of the Company may convene a general meeting in the same manner as nearly as possible
as that in which meetings may be convened by the Directors. 

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS 

88. At least seven days notice (excluding the day that notice is deemed to be given and the day the
meeting is to be held) shall be given of an annual general meeting or any other general meeting. Notice shall be given in the manner hereinafter
provided or in such other manner (if any) as may be prescribed by the Company by Ordinary Resolution to such persons as are, under these
Articles, entitled to receive such notices from the Company and shall specify the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and, in case
of special business, the general nature of that business. 

89. With the consent of all the Members entitled to receive notice of some particular meeting and attend and
vote thereat, a meeting may be convened by such shorter notice or without notice and in such manner as those Members may think fit. 

90. The accidental omission to give notice of a meeting to or the non-receipt of a notice of a meeting by
any Member shall not invalidate the proceedings at any meeting. 

PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS 

91. No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum of Members is present at the time
when the meeting proceeds to business. Save as otherwise provided by these Articles, one or more Members holding at least a majority of
the paid up voting share capital of the Company present in person or by proxy shall be a quorum. 

92. If within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting a quorum is not present, the meeting, if
convened upon the requisition of Members, shall be dissolved. In any other case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week,
at the same time and place, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within half an hour from the time appointed for the
meeting the Member or Members present and entitled to vote shall be a quorum. 

93. The chairman, if any, of the Board of Directors shall preside as chairman at every general meeting of
the Company. 

94. If there is no such chairman, or if at any meeting he is not present within fifteen minutes after the
time appointed for holding the meeting or is unwilling to act as chairman, the Members present shall choose one of their number to be
chairman. 

95. The chairman may with the consent of any meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed
by the meeting) adjourn a meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting
other than the business left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. When a meeting is adjourned for 10 days
or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Save as aforesaid it shall not be necessary
to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 18 

96. All business carried out at a general meeting shall be deemed special with the exception of sanctioning
a dividend, the consideration of the accounts, balance sheets, and financial report of the Directors and the Company's auditors, and the
appointment and removal of Directors and the fixing of the remuneration of the Company's auditors. No special business shall be transacted
at any general meeting without the consent of all Members entitled to receive notice of that meeting unless notice of such special business
has been given in the notice convening that meeting. 

VOTES OF MEMBERS 

97. Subject to any rights and restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes of shares,
on a show of hands every Member present in person and every person representing a Member by proxy shall at a general meeting of the Company
have one vote and on a poll every Member and every person representing a Member by proxy shall have one vote for each share of which he
or the person represented by proxy is the holder. 

98. At any general meeting a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a show of hands,
unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded by one or more Members present in person or
by proxy entitled to vote and who together hold not less than 10 per cent of the paid up voting share capital of the Company, and unless
a poll is so demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has, on a show of hands, been carried, or carried unanimously,
or by a particular majority, or lost, and an entry to that effect in the book of the proceedings of the Company, shall be conclusive evidence
of the fact, without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of, or against, that resolution. 

99. If a poll is duly demanded it shall be taken in such manner as the chairman directs, and the result of
the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at which the poll was demanded. 

100. In the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, the chairman of the meeting
at which the show of hands takes place or at which the poll is demanded, shall be entitled to a second or casting vote. 

101. A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith.
A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such time as the chairman of the meeting directs. 

102. In the case of joint holders, the vote of the senior who tenders a vote whether in person or by proxy,
shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the joint holders and for this purpose seniority shall be determined by the order in
which the names stand in the Register of Members. 

103. A Member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction
in lunacy, may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee, or other person in the nature of a committee appointed
by that court, and any such committee or other person, may on a poll, vote by proxy. 

104. No Member shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless all calls or other sums presently payable
by him in respect of shares in the Company held by him and carrying the right to vote have been paid. 

105. On a poll votes may be given either personally or by proxy. 

106. A resolution in writing signed by all the Members for the time being entitled to receive notice of and
to attend and vote at general meetings (or being companies by their duly authorized representatives) shall be as valid and effective as
if the same had been passed at a general meeting of the Company duly convened and held. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 19 

MEMBERS PROXIES 

107. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney
duly authorized in writing or, if the appointor is a corporation, either under seal or under the hand of an officer or attorney duly authorized.
A proxy need not be a Member of the Company. 

108. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deposited at the Registered Office or at such other place as
is specified for that purpose in the notice convening the meeting no later than the time for which the meeting or adjourned meeting is
scheduled PROVIDED THAT the chairman of the meeting may at his discretion direct that an instrument of proxy shall be deemed to have been
duly deposited upon receipt by confirmation from the appointor that the instrument of proxy duly signed is in the course of transmission
to the Company. 

109. An instrument appointing a proxy may be in any usual or common form or such other form as the Directors
may approve. 

110. A vote given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid notwithstanding the
previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed, or the transfer
of the share in respect of which the proxy is given provided that no intimation in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer
as aforesaid shall have been received by the Company at the Registered Office before the commencement of the general meeting, or adjourned
meeting at which it is sought to use the proxy. 

111. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to confer authority to demand or join in demanding a
poll. 

COMPANIES ACTING BY REPRESENTATIVES AT MEETINGS 

112. Any company which is a Member or a Director may, by resolution of its directors or other governing body,
authorize such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or of any class of Members or of the
Board of Directors or of a committee of Directors, and the person so authorized shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf
of such company which he represents as that company could exercise if it were an individual Member or Director. 

APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS 

113. The first Director(s) shall be appointed at a meeting or by written resolution of the subscribers
to the Memorandum of Association. 

114. Subject to Articles 120 and 121, the Company may by Extraordinary Resolution appoint any person to be
a Director. 

115. Subject to the provisions of these Articles, a Director shall hold office until such time as he is removed
from office by the Company by Ordinary Resolution. 

116. Subject to Articles 120 and 121, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution from time to time fix the maximum
and minimum number of Directors to be appointed but unless such number is fixed as aforesaid the minimum number of Directors shall be
one and the maximum number of Directors shall be unlimited. 

117. Subject to the Designated Stock Exchange rules and these Articles, the remuneration of the Directors
from time to time shall be determined by the Company by Ordinary Resolution. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 20 

118. Subject to the Designated Stock Exchange rules and
these Articles, the shareholding qualification for Directors may be fixed by the Company by Ordinary Resolution and unless and until so
fixed no share qualification shall be required. 

119. The Directors shall have power at any time and from time to time to appoint a person as Director, either
as a result of a casual vacancy or as an additional Director, subject to the maximum number (if any) imposed by the Company by Ordinary
Resolution. 

120. The Directors shall be divided into three (3) classes designated as Class I, Class II and
Class III, respectively. A Director shall be designated to a class in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Directors appointing
such director. The class designation of the initial directors shall be set out in the resolution appointing such directors. At the first
annual general meeting of Shareholders, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall
thereafter, if elected, be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At the second annual general meeting of Shareholders, the
term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years.
At the third annual general meeting of Shareholders, the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III
Directors shall, if thereafter elected, be elected for a full term of three (3) years. At each succeeding annual general meeting
of Shareholders, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three (3) years to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms
expire at such annual general meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall hold office until
the expiration of his term, until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or
removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director. 

121. Prior to an initial Business Combination, only Class B Shares shall be entitled to vote in respect
of a resolution to appoint Directors or remove Directors, which resolution shall require a majority of two-thirds. 

ALTERNATE DIRECTORS 

122. Any Director may in writing appoint another person to be his alternate to act in his place at any meeting
of the Directors at which he is unable to be present and may at any time in writing revoke the appointment of an alternate appointed by
him. Every such alternate shall be entitled to notice of meetings of the Directors and to attend and vote thereat as a Director when the
person appointing him is not personally present and to do in the place and stead of his appointor, any other act or thing which the appointor
is permitted or required to do by virtue of his being a Director as if the alternate were the appointor, other than the appointment of
an alternate himself. Where the alternate is a Director he shall have a separate vote on behalf of the Director he is representing in
addition to his own vote. 

123. An alternate shall not be an officer of the Company and shall be deemed to be the agent of the Director
appointing him and the remuneration of such alternate (if any) shall be payable out of the remuneration of the Director appointing him
and the proportion thereof shall be agreed between them. 

124. The alternate shall ipso facto vacate office if and when his appointor ceases to be a Director or removes
the appointee from office. 

125. Any Director may appoint any person, whether or not a Director, to be the proxy of that Director to attend
and vote on his behalf, in accordance with instructions given by that Director, or in the absence of such instructions at the discretion
of the proxy, at a meeting or meetings of the Directors which that Director is unable to attend personally. The instrument appointing
the proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointing Director and shall be in any usual or common form or such other form as
the Directors may approve, and must be lodged with the chairman of the meeting of the Directors at which such proxy is to be
used, or first used, prior to the commencement of the meeting. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 21 

POWERS AND DUTIES OF DIRECTORS 

126. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, these Articles and to any resolutions made by the Company
in general meeting, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors, who may pay all expenses incurred in setting up and
registering the Company and may exercise all powers of the Company. No resolution made by the Company in general meeting shall invalidate
any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid if that resolution had not been made. 

127. The Directors may from time to time and at any time by power of attorney appoint any company, firm or
person or body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or attorneys of the Company for
such purposes and with such powers, authorities and discretion (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under these
Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such power of attorney may contain such provisions
for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorney as the Directors may think fit, and may also authorize any
such attorney to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretion vested in him. 

BORROWING POWERS OF DIRECTORS 

128. The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to borrow money and to mortgage or charge its
undertaking, property and uncalled capital or any part thereof, to issue debentures, debenture stock and other securities whenever money
is borrowed or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of the Company or of any third party. 

APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS 

129. The Directors may from time to time appoint any person, whether or not a director of the Company to hold
such office in the Company as the Directors may think necessary for the administration of the Company, including without prejudice to
the foregoing generality, the office of president, one or more vice-presidents, treasurer, assistant treasurer, manager or controller,
and for such term and at such remuneration (whether by way of salary or commission or participation in profits or partly in one way and
partly in another), and with such powers and duties as the Directors may think fit. The Directors may also appoint one or more of their
number to the office of managing director upon like terms, but any such appointment shall ipso facto determine if any managing director
ceases from any cause to be a Director, or if the Company by Ordinary Resolution resolves that his tenure of office be terminated. 

130. The Directors may appoint a secretary or secretaries of the Company (and if need be an assistant secretary
or assistant secretaries) who shall hold office for such term, at such remuneration and upon such conditions and with such powers as they
think fit. 

131. Any person appointed by the Directors pursuant to Articles 129 or 130 may be removed by the Directors. 

COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 

132. The Directors may from time to time and at any time establish any committees, local boards or agencies
for managing any of the affairs of the Company and may appoint any persons to be members of such committees or local boards and may appoint
any managers or agents of the Company and may fix the remuneration of any of the aforesaid. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 22 

133. The Directors may delegate any of their powers to committees and any committee so formed shall in the
exercise of the powers so delegated conform to any regulations that may be imposed on it by the Directors. 

134. The Directors may from time to time and at any time by power of attorney (whether under Seal or under
hand) or otherwise appoint any company, firm or Person or body of Persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors,
to be the attorney or attorneys or authorised signatory (any such person being an Attorney or Authorised Signatory ,
respectively) of the Company for such purposes and with such powers, authorities and discretion (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable
by the Directors under these Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such power of
attorney or other appointment may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of Persons dealing with any such Attorney
or Authorised Signatory as the Directors may think fit, and may also authorise any such Attorney or Authorised Signatory to delegate all
or any of the powers, authorities and discretion vested in him. 

135. The Directors may from time to time provide for the management of the affairs of the Company in such manner
as they shall think fit and the provisions contained in the three next following paragraphs shall be without prejudice to the general
powers conferred by this paragraph. 

136. The Directors may from time to time and at any time delegate to any committee, local board, manager or
agent any of the powers, authorities and discretions for the time being vested in the Directors and may authorize the members for the
time being of any such local board, or any of them, to fill up any vacancies therein and to act notwithstanding vacancies and any such
appointment or delegation may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions as the Directors may think fit and the Directors may
at any time remove any person so appointed and may annul or vary any such delegation, but no person dealing in good faith and without
notice of any such annulment or variation shall be affected thereby. 

137. Any such delegates as aforesaid may be authorized by the Directors to sub-delegate all or any of the powers,
authorities, and discretion for the time being vested in them. 

138. A committee appointed by the Directors may elect a chairman of its meetings. If no such chairman is elected,
or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five minutes after the time appointed for holding the same, the members present
may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 

139. The Directors may agree with a Shareholder to waive or modify the terms applicable to such Shareholder's
subscription for Shares without obtaining the consent of any other Shareholder; provided that such waiver or modification does not amount
to a variation or abrogation of the rights attaching to the Shares of such other Shareholders. 

140. A committee appointed by the Directors may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper. Questions arising at
any meeting shall be determined by a majority of votes of the committee members present and in case of an equality of votes the chairman
shall have a second or casting vote. 

PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS 

141. The Directors may meet together (either within or without the Cayman Islands) for the despatch of business,
adjourn, and otherwise regulate their meetings and proceedings as they think fit. A Director or a Director s duly appointed alternate
may, at any time, and any secretary or assistant secretary shall on the requisition of a Director summon a meeting of the Directors. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 23 

142. The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Directors may be fixed by the Directors,
and unless so fixed, if there be two or more Directors shall be two, and if there be less than two Directors shall be one. A Director
represented by proxy or by duly appointed alternate at any meeting shall be deemed to be present for the purposes of determining whether
or not a quorum is present. 

143. The Directors may elect a chairman of their meetings and determine the period for which he is to hold
office but if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed
for holding the same, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 

144. Questions arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes of the Directors and duly appointed
alternates present, the vote of an alternate not being counted if his appointor is also present at such meeting. In the case of an equality
of votes the chairman shall have a second or casting vote. 

145. A Director or Directors and any duly appointed alternates may participate in any meeting of the Board
of Directors, or of any committee appointed by the Board of Directors of which such Director or Directors are members, by means of telephone
or similar communication equipment by way of which all persons participating in such meeting can hear each other and such participation
shall be deemed to constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

146. A Director who is in any way, whether directly or indirectly, interested in a contract or proposed contract
with the Company shall declare the nature of his interest at a meeting of the Directors. A general notice given to the Directors by any
Director to the effect that he is a member of any specified company or firm and is to be regarded as interested in any contract which
may thereafter be made with that company or firm shall be deemed a sufficient declaration of interest in regard to any contract so made.
A Director may vote in respect of any contract or proposed contract or arrangement notwithstanding that he may be interested therein and
if he does so his vote shall be counted and he may be counted in the quorum at any meeting of the Directors at which any such contract
or proposed contract or arrangement shall come before the meeting for consideration. 

147. A Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the Company (other than the office of auditor)
in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms (as to remuneration and otherwise) as the Directors may determine
and no Director or intending Director shall be disqualified by his office from contracting with the Company either with regard to his
tenure of any such other office or place of profit or as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or arrangement entered
into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director is in any way interested, be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director so
contracting or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realized by any such contract or arrangement by
reason of such Director holding that office or of the fiduciary relation thereby established. A Director, notwithstanding his interest,
may be counted in the quorum present at any meeting whereat he or any other Director is appointed to hold any such office or place of
profit under the Company or whereat the terms of any such appointment are arranged and he may vote on any such appointment or arrangement. 

148. Any Director
 may act by himself or his firm in a professional capacity for the Company, and he or his
 firm shall be entitled to remuneration for professional services as if he were not a Director;
 provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize a Director or his firm to act as auditor
 to the Company. 

149. The Directors
 shall cause minutes to be made for the purpose of recording: 

149.1 
 all appointments of officers made by the Directors; 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 24 

149.2 the names of the Directors present at each meeting of the Directors and of any committee of the Directors;
and 

149.3 all resolutions and proceedings at all meetings of the Company, and of the Directors and of committees
of Directors. 

150. When the chairman of a meeting of the Directors signs the minutes of such meeting the same shall be deemed
to have been duly held notwithstanding that all the Directors have not actually come together or that there may have been a technical
defect in the proceedings. 

151. A resolution signed by all the Directors (in one or more counterparts) shall be as valid and effectual
as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors duly called and constituted. When signed a resolution may consist of several documents
each signed by one or more of the Directors. 

152. The continuing Directors may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their body but if and so long as their
number is reduced below the number fixed by or pursuant to the Articles of the Company as the necessary quorum of Directors, the continuing
Directors may act for the purpose of increasing the number, or of summoning a general meeting of the Company, but for no other purpose. 

153. All acts done by any meeting of the Directors or of a committee of Directors, or by any person acting
as a Director, shall notwithstanding that it be afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any such Director
or person acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were disqualified, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed
and was qualified to be a Director. 

DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS 

154. The office of Director shall be automatically vacated, if the Director: 

154.1 dies; 

154.2 resigns his office by notice in writing to the Company; 

154.3 becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with his creditors; 

154.4 is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; 

154.5 is removed from office by a vote of a majority of the Directors; 

154.6 prior to the closing of an initial Business Combination, is removed from office by a resolution of the
holders of the Class B Shares only; 

154.7 following the closing of an initial Business Combination, is removed from office by Ordinary Resolution
of all Shareholders entitled to vote; or 

154.8 is removed from office pursuant to any other provision of these Articles. 

DIVIDENDS 

155. Subject to any rights and restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes of shares,
the Directors may from time to time declare interim dividends on shares of the Company in issue and authorize payment of the same out
of the funds of the Company lawfully available therefor. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 25 

156. Subject to any rights and restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes of shares,
the Company may by Ordinary Resolution declare final dividends, but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the Directors. 

157. The Directors may, before recommending or declaring any dividend, set aside out of the funds legally available
for distribution such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, in the absolute discretion of the Directors be applicable
for meeting contingencies, or for equalizing dividends or for any other purpose to which those funds may be properly applied and may pending
such application, in the Directors absolute discretion, either be employed in the business of the Company or be invested in such
investments (other than shares of the Company) as the Directors may from time to time think fit. 

158. Any dividend may be paid by cheque or warrant sent through the post to the registered address of the Member
or person entitled thereto, or in the case of joint holders, to any one of such joint holders at his registered address or to such person
and such address as the Member or person entitled, or such joint holders as the case may be, may direct. Every such cheque or warrant
shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent or to the order of such other person as the Member or person entitled,
or such joint holders as the case may be, may direct. 

159. The Directors may when paying dividends to the Members in accordance with the foregoing provisions, make
such payment either in cash or in specie. 

160. No dividend shall be paid otherwise than out of profits or, subject to the restrictions of the Companies
Act, the share premium account. 

161. Subject to the rights of persons, if any, entitled to shares with special rights as to dividends, all
dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid on the shares, but if and so long as nothing is paid up on any of the
shares in the Company dividends may be declared and paid according to the amounts of the shares. No amount paid on a share in advance
of calls shall, while carrying interest, be treated for the purposes of this Article as paid on the share. 

162. If several persons are registered as joint holders of any share, any of them may give effectual receipts
for any dividend or other moneys payable on or in respect of the share. 

163. No dividend shall bear interest against the Company. 

FINANCIAL YEAR 

164. Unless the Directors otherwise resolve, the financial year end of the Company shall be 31st December in
each year and following the year of incorporation shall begin on 1st January of each year. 

ACCOUNTS AND AUDIT 

165. The Directors shall cause books of account relating to the Company's affairs to be kept in such manner
as may be determined from time to time by the Directors. 

166. The books of account shall be kept at the Registered Office, or at such other place or places as the Directors
think fit, and shall always be open to the inspection of the Directors. 

167. The Directors shall from time to time determine whether and to what extent and at what times and
 places and under what conditions or regulations the accounts and books of the Company or any of them shall be open to the inspection
 of Members not being Directors, and no Member (not being a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or
 document of the Company except as conferred by law or authorized by the Directors
or by the Company by Ordinary Resolution. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 26 

168. The accounts relating to the Company's affairs shall be audited in such manner as may be determined from
time to time by the Company by Ordinary Resolution or, failing any such determination, by the Directors or, failing any determination
as aforesaid, shall not be audited. 

169. The auditors, if any, shall be appointed by the Directors and shall hold office until removed by Ordinary
Resolution or by resolution of the Directors. 

170. The remuneration of any auditors, if any, appointed by the Directors, may be fixed by the Directors. 

CAPITALIZATION OF PROFITS 

171. Subject to the Companies Act, the Directors may, with the authority of an Ordinary Resolution: 

171.1 resolve to capitalize an amount standing to the credit of reserves (including a share premium account,
capital redemption reserve and profit and loss account), or otherwise available for distribution; 

171.2 appropriate the sum resolved to be capitalized to the Members in proportion to the nominal amount of shares
(whether or not fully paid) held by them respectively and apply that sum on their behalf in or towards: 

171.2.1 paying up the amounts (if any) for the time being unpaid on shares held by them respectively, or 

171.2.2 paying up in full unissued shares or debentures of a nominal amount equal to that sum, 

and allot the shares or debentures, credited as fully paid,
to the Members (or as they may direct) in those proportions, or partly in one way and partly in the other; 

171.3 make any arrangements they think fit to resolve a difficulty arising in the distribution of a capitalized
reserve and in particular, without limitation, where shares or debentures become distributable in fractions Directors may deal with the
fractions as they think fit; 

171.4 generally do all acts and things required to give effect to the resolution. 

SHARE PREMIUM ACCOUNT 

172. The Directors shall in accordance with section 34 of the Companies Act establish a share premium account
and shall carry to the credit of such account from time to time a sum equal to the amount or value of the premium paid on the issue of
any share. 

173. There shall be debited to any share premium account on the redemption or purchase of a share the difference
between the nominal value of such share and the redemption or purchase price provided always that at the discretion of the Directors such
sum may be paid out of the profits of the Company or, if permitted by section 37 of the Companies Act, out of capital. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 27 

INVESTMENT ACCOUNTS 

174. The Directors may establish separate accounts on the books and records of the Company (each an Investment
Account for each Class and Series, or for more than one Class or Series, as the case may be, and the following provisions
shall apply to each Investment Account; 

175. the proceeds from the allotment and issue of Shares of any Class or Series may be applied in
the books of the Company to the Investment Account established for the Shares of such Class or Series; 

176. the assets and liabilities and income and expenditures attributable to the Shares of any Class or
Series may be applied or allocated for accounting purposes to the relevant Investment Account established for such Shares subject
to these Articles; 

177. where any asset is derived from another asset (whether cash or otherwise), such derivative asset may be
applied in the books of the Company to the Investment Account from which the related asset was derived and on each revaluation of an investment
the increase or diminution in the value thereof (or the relevant portion of such increase or diminution in value) may be applied to the
relevant Investment Account; 

178. in the case of any asset of the Company which the Directors do not consider is attributable to a particular
Investment Account, the Directors may determine the basis upon which any such asset shall be allocated among Investment Accounts and the
Directors shall have power at any time and from time to time to vary such allocation; 

179. where the assets of the Company not attributable to any Investment Accounts give rise to any net profits,
the Directors may allocate the assets representing such net profits to the Investment Accounts as they may determine; 

180. the Directors may determine the basis upon which any liability including expenses shall be allocated among
Investment; 

181. Accounts (including conditions as to subsequent re-allocation thereof if circumstances so permit or require)
and shall have power at any time and from time to time to vary such basis and charge expenses of the Company against either revenue or
the capital of the Investment Accounts; and 

182. the Directors may in the books of the Company transfer any assets to and from Investment Accounts if,
as a result of a creditor proceeding against certain of the assets of the Company or otherwise, a liability would be borne in a different
manner from that in which it would have been borne under this Article, or in any similar circumstances. 

183. Subject to any applicable law and except as otherwise provided in these Articles the assets held in each
Investment Account shall be applied solely in respect of Shares of the Class or Series to which such Investment Account relates
and no holder of Shares of a Class or Series shall have any claim or right to any asset allocated to any other Class or
Series. 

NOTICES 

184. Notices shall be in writing and may be given by the Company or by the person entitled to give notice to
any Member either personally, by facsimile or by sending it through the post in a prepaid letter or via a recognized courier service,
fees prepaid, addressed to the Member at his address as appearing in the Register of Members. In the case of joint holders of a share,
all notices shall be given to that one of the joint holders whose name stands first in the Register of Members in respect of the joint
holding, and notice so given shall be sufficient notice to all the joint holders. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 28 

185. Where notice or other documents are sent by: 

185.1 post, notice shall be deemed to have been served five days after the time when the letter containing the
same is posted and if sent by courier, shall be deemed to have been served five days after the time when the letter containing the same
is delivered to the courier (in proving such service it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter containing the notice or document
was properly addressed and duly posted or delivered to the courier); or 

185.2 facsimile, notice shall be deemed to have been served upon confirmation of receipt. 

186. Any Member present, either personally or by proxy, at any meeting of the Company shall for all purposes
be deemed to have received due notice of such meeting and, where requisite, of the purposes for which such meeting was convened. 

187. Any notice or document delivered or sent by post to or left at the registered address of any Member in
accordance with the terms of these Articles shall notwithstanding that such Member be then dead or bankrupt, and whether or not the Company
has notice of his death or bankruptcy, be deemed to have been duly served in respect of any share registered in the name of such Member
as sole or joint holder, unless his name shall at the time of the service of the notice or document, have been removed from the Register
of Members as the holder of the share, and such service shall for all purposes be deemed a sufficient service of such notice or document
on all persons interested (whether jointly with or as claiming through or under him) in the share. 

188. Notice of every general meeting shall be given in the manner hereinbefore authorized to: 

188.1 all Members who have a right to receive notice and who have supplied the Company with an address for the
giving of notices to them and in the case of joint holders, the notice shall be sufficient if given to the first named joint holder in
the Register of Members; and 

188.2 every person entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member, who but for his
death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting. 

No other person shall be entitled to receive notice of general
meetings. 

THE SEAL 

189. The Company shall not have a Seal unless otherwise resolved by the Directors. Any such Seal shall not
be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the Board of Directors or of a committee of directors authorized
by the Directors in that behalf provided always that such authority may be given prior to or after the affixing of the Seal and if given
after may be in general form confirming a number of affixings of the Seal. Every instrument to which the Seal is affixed shall be signed
by a Director of the Company or by any one or more persons as the Directors may appoint for that purpose. 

190. The Company may maintain a duplicate or duplicates of the Seal but such duplicate(s) shall not be
affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the Board of Directors provided always that such authority may be
given prior to or after the affixing of such duplicate and if given after may be in general form confirming a number of affixings of such
duplicate. Every instrument to which a duplicate of the Seal is affixed shall be signed by a Director of the Company or by any one or
more persons as the Directors may appoint for that purpose and such affixing of a duplicate of the Seal and signing as aforesaid shall
have the same meaning and effect as if the Seal had been affixed and the instrument signed by a Director of the Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 29 

191. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a director or officer, representative or attorney of the Company shall
have the authority to affix the Seal, or a duplicate of the Seal, over his signature alone on any instrument or document required to be
authenticated by him under seal or to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere wheresoever. 

INDEMNITY 

192. Every Director (including for the purposes of this Article any alternate appointed pursuant to the
provisions of these Articles), managing director, agent, secretary, assistant secretary or other officer for the time being and from time
to time of the Company (but not including the Company's auditor) and the personal representatives of the same shall be indemnified and
secured harmless out of the assets and funds of the Company against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages
or liabilities incurred or sustained by him in or about the conduct of the Company's business or affairs or in the execution or discharge
of his duties, powers, authorities or discretions, including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, any costs, expenses,
losses or liabilities incurred by him in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil proceedings concerning the Company or
its affairs in any court whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere except through his or her own actual
fraud, willful default or willful neglect, which shall not be found to have been committed unless and until a court of competent
jurisdiction shall have made a finding to that effect. 

193. No such
 Director, duly appointed alternate, managing director, agent, secretary, assistant secretary
 or other officer of the Company (but not including the Company's auditor) shall be liable
 (i) for the acts, receipts, neglects, defaults or omissions of any other such Director
 or officer or agent of the Company or (ii) by reason of his having joined in any receipt
 for money not received by him personally or (iii) for any loss on account of defect
 of title to any property of the Company or (iv) on account of the insufficiency of any
 security in or upon which any money of the Company shall be invested or (v) for any
 loss incurred through any bank, broker or other agent or (vi) for any loss occasioned
 by any negligence, default, breach of duty, breach of trust, error of judgment or oversight
 on his part or (vii) for any loss, damage or misfortune whatsoever which may happen
 in or arise from the execution or discharge of the duties, powers, authorities, or discretions
 of his office or in relation thereto, unless the same shall happen through his or
 her own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect , which
 shall not be found to have been committed unless and until a court of competent jurisdiction
 shall have made a finding to that effect. 

WINDING
UP 

194. If the Company shall be wound up the liquidator may, with the sanction of an Ordinary Resolution and any
other sanction required by the Companies Act, divide amongst the Members in specie or cash the whole or any part of the assets of the
Company (whether they shall consist of property of the same kind or not) and may, for such purpose set such value as he deems fair upon
any property to be divided as aforesaid and may determine how such division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes
of Members. The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the
benefit of the contributors as the liquidator shall think fit, but so that no Member shall be compelled to accept any shares or other
securities whereon there is any liability. 

195. Without prejudice to the rights of holders of shares issued upon special terms and conditions, if the
Company shall be wound up, and the assets available for distribution among the Members as such shall be insufficient to repay the whole
of the paid up capital, such assets shall be distributed so that, as nearly as may be, the losses shall be borne by the Members in proportion
to the capital paid up, or which ought to have been paid up, at the commencement of the winding up on the shares held by them respectively.
If on a winding up the assets available for distribution among the Members shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the capital
paid up at the commencement of the winding up, the excess shall be distributed among the Members in proportion to the capital paid up at the commencement of
the winding up on the shares held by them respectively. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 30 

AMENDMENT OF MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION 

196. Subject to and insofar as permitted by the Companies Act and the rights attaching to the various share
classes, the Company may at any time and from time to time by Special Resolution alter or amend its Memorandum of Association with respect
to any objects, powers or other matters specified therein. 

AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

197. Subject to the Companies Act and the rights attaching to the various classes of shares, the Company may
at any time and from time to time by Special Resolution alter or amend these Articles in whole or in part. 

REGISTRATION BY WAY OF CONTINUATION 

198. The company may by Special Resolution resolve to be registered by way of continuation as a body corporate
under the laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands. The Directors may make application to the Registrar of Companies to deregister
the Company in the Cayman Islands and may take all such further steps as they consider appropriate to be taken, in accordance with the
Companies Act, to effect the transfer by way of continuation of the Company. Prior to an initial Business Combination, only Class B
Shares shall be entitled to vote in respect of a resolution to be registered by way of continuation as a body corporate under the laws
of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands. 

NON-RECOGNITION OF TRUSTS 

199. No person shall be recognised by the Company as holding any share upon any trust and the Company shall
not, unless required by law, be bound by or be compelled in any way to recognise (even when having notice thereof) any equitable, contingent,
future or partial interest in any of its shares (or fraction thereof) or any other rights in respect thereof except an absolute right
to the entirety thereof in each Member registered in the Register of Members. 

MERGERS AND CONSOLIDATION 

200. The Company may merge or consolidate in accordance with the Companies Act. 

201. To the extent required by the Companies Act, the Company may by Special Resolution resolve to merge or
consolidate the Company. 

DISCLOSURE 

202. The Directors, or any authorised service providers (including the Officers, the Secretary and the registered
office agent of the Company), shall be entitled to disclose to any regulatory or judicial authority, or to any stock exchange on which
the Shares may from time to time be listed, any information regarding the affairs of the Company including, without limitation, information
contained in the Register and books of the Company. 

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES 

203. In recognition and anticipation of the facts that: (a) directors, managers, officers, members, partners,
managing members, employees, advisors and/or agents of one or more other organizations, including members
of the Investor Group (each of the foregoing, an Officer and Director Related Person may serve as Directors, officers
and or advisors of the Company; and (b) such organizations (the Officer and Director Related Entities and the
Investor Group engage, and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which
the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which
the Company, directly or indirectly, may engage, the Articles under this heading Business Opportunities are set forth
to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs of the Company as they may involve the Members and the Officer and Director
Related Persons, and the powers, rights, duties and liabilities of the Company and its officers, Directors and Members in connection
therewith. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 31 

204. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Investor Group, the Officer and Director Related Entities
and the Officer and Director Related Persons shall have no duty to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar
business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company renounces any interest or
expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a
corporate opportunity for any of the Investor Group, another entity or the Officer and Director Related Entities, on the one hand, and
the Company, on the other. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Investor Group, Officer and Director Related Entities and the Officer
and Director Related Persons shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be
liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as a Member, Director and/or officer of the Company solely by reason
of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity
to another Person, or does not communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company. 

205. Except as provided elsewhere in these Articles, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for both the Company and another entity, including any of the Investor Group or any Officer and Director Related Entity, about
which a Director and/or officer of the Company acquires knowledge. 

AUTOMATIC EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 

206. Notwithstanding any provision of these Articles to the contrary, each Member agrees to provide any information
or certifications (including information about such Member s direct and indirect owners) that may reasonably be requested in writing
by the Directors (or any such person to whom the Directors have delegated responsibility for compliance with applicable AEOI Laws) to
allow the Company to: 

206.1 satisfy any due diligence, information reporting or other obligations under any applicable AEOI Laws;
and 

206.2 satisfy any requirements necessary to avoid withholding taxes under FATCA (or any other law) with respect
to any payments to be received or made by the Company. 

207. Each Member also acknowledges and agrees that the Company (or any such person to whom the Directors have
delegated responsibility for compliance with applicable AEOI Laws) shall be entitled to release and/or disclose on behalf of the Company
to the Cayman Islands Tax Information Authority or equivalent authority (the TIA and any other foreign government
body as required by any applicable AEOI Laws, any information in its or its agents' or delegates' possession regarding a Member including,
without limitation, financial information concerning the Member's investment in the Company, and any information relating to any shareholders,
principals, partners, beneficial owners (direct or indirect) or controlling persons (direct or indirect) of such Member. The Company (acting
by the Directors or any such person to whom the Directors have delegated responsibility
for compliance with applicable AEOI Laws) may also authorise any third party agent to release and/or disclose such information on behalf
of the Company. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 32 

208. In order to comply with any applicable AEOI Laws and, if necessary, to reduce or eliminate any risk that
the Company or any of its Members are subject to withholding taxes pursuant to FATCA (or any other law) or incur any costs or liabilities
associated with any applicable AEOI Laws, the Directors may cause the Company to undertake any of the following actions: 

208.1 compulsorily redeem or repurchase any or all of the shares held by a Member either (i) where the
Member fails to provide (in a timely manner) to the Company, or any agent or delegate of the Company, any information requested by the
Company or such agent or delegate pursuant to these Articles or any applicable AEOI Laws; or (ii) where there has otherwise been
non-compliance by the Company with any applicable AEOI Laws whether caused, directly or indirectly, by the action or inaction of such
Member, or any related person, or otherwise; 

208.2 deduct from, or hold back, redemption or any other distributions owed to the Member, in order to: 

208.2.1 comply with any requirement to apply and collect withholding tax pursuant to FATCA (or any other law); 

208.2.2 allocate to a Member an amount equal to any withholding tax imposed on the Company as a result of the
Member's, or any related person's, action or inaction (direct or indirect), or where there has otherwise been non-compliance by the Company
with any applicable AEOI Laws; or 

208.2.3 ensure that costs, debts, expenses, obligations or liabilities (whether external, or internal, to the
Company) relating to any applicable AEOI Laws are recovered from the Member(s) whose action or inaction (directly or indirectly,
including the action or inaction of any person related to such Member) gave rise or contributed to such costs or liabilities; and/or 

208.3 take any other action the Directors deem in good faith to be reasonable to mitigate any adverse effect
on the Company or any other Member of the failure by any Member (the Defaulting Member to provide (in a timely manner)
to the Company, or any agent or delegate of the Company, any information requested by the Company or such agent or delegate pursuant to
these Articles or any applicable AEOI Laws including, without limitation to convert the Defaulting Member s shares to a different
class of shares and adjust the rights attaching to that Defaulting Member s shares so as to effectively pass the economic burden
of any withholding or other cost or liability incurred by the Company as a result of the Defaulting Member s default to the Defaulting
Member. 

www.verify.gov.ky
 File#: 380438 
 Filed:
 23-Nov-2022 10:29 EST 

 Auth
Code: J91064194667 

Page 33 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 tm2310236d1_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S
SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 12 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Israel Acquisitions Corp we , our , us or the Company has the following three
classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
(i) units (the units ), consisting of Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share (the Class A
ordinary shares and one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A
ordinary share (the warrants ), (ii) Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) warrants. 

The
following summary description sets forth the material terms of the securities of Israel Acquisitions Corp registered pursuant to Section 12
of the Exchange Act. Because this is a summary description, it does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. For
a more detailed description of the units, Class A ordinary shares, and warrants, you should refer to our Second Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association (the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association ), that 
certain warrant agreement, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company Warrant Agent ),
dated January 12, 2023 (the Warrant Agreement and that certain registration rights agreement by and between
the Company, the Sponsor, BTIG, LLC, Exos Capital LLC, and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC, dated January 12, 2023 (the Registration
Rights Agreement ), each of which are filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, to which this description is filed as an exhibit. 

Units 

Public Units 

We consummated the initial
public offering (the initial public offering of our units (the public units on January 12,
2023. Each public unit had an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share (the public shares and one warrant (the public warrants ). Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number
of Class A ordinary shares. 

The public units began trading
on January 13, 2023, and the Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units began separate public trading on February 28,
2023. 

Private Placement Units 

Simultaneously with the closing
of our initial public offering, we issued units in a private placement (the private placement units to Israel Acquisitions
Sponsor LLC (our Sponsor and BTIG, LLC, Exos Capital LLC, and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC. The private
placement units are identical to the public units except that the private placement units (including the Class A ordinary shares
underlying the private placement units (the private placement shares ), the warrants underlying the private placement
units (the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants)
(i) are not transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except,
among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor or the underwriters),
(ii) are not redeemable by us, (iii) are entitled to certain registration rights, and (iv) the private placement warrants
underlying the private placement units may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. 

Ordinary Shares 

General 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares,
20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares , and, together
with the Class A ordinary shares, the Ordinary Shares ), and 2,000,000 preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per
share (the preference shares ). 

As of March 31, 2023,
we had 15,137,500 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding and 4,791,667 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding,
and no preference shares outstanding. The outstanding Ordinary Shares are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Voting Rights 

Each Class A ordinary
share is entitled to one vote all matters to be voted on by shareholders, except that prior to the closing of our initial business combination,
only the holders of our Class B Ordinary Shares will have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors to continuing
the company in a jurisdiction outside of the Cayman Islands. Except as otherwise provided herein, holders of Class A ordinary shares
and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders
except as required by law. 

Unless specified in the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock
exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our Class A ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such
matter voted on by our shareholders. 

Approval of certain actions,
such as amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with
another company, will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our Class A ordinary shares that are voted. 

The provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination
may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our Class A ordinary who attend and vote at our
general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution
under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the Company. In such case, the Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their Class B ordinary shares
and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 

Redemption Rights 

We will provide the holders
of our public shares (our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares
upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the
then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who
properly redeem their public shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The
redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares.
Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction
or vote at all. 

Unlike many blank check companies
that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related
redemptions of public shares for cash upon the completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law,
if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder
vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the
redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents
to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as
is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank
check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to
the tender offer rules. 

If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case,
the Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their Class B ordinary shares, private placement shares and
public shares in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding
Ordinary Shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association will require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together
with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with
respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all
of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could
suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not
receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result,
such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to
sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination by January 18,
2024 (or July 18, 2024 if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K),
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under
Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and each member of our
management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any Class B ordinary shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination
by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024 if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in the Annual Report
on Form 10-K) (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares
they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe). Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

We
may, at the Sponsor s option, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination up to two times without shareholder
approval, each for an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination) (each such
three-month period, a Funded Extension Period ), so long as the Sponsor and/or its affiliates or designees deposit
into the trust account: (i) with respect to a single Funded Extension Period, an additional 0.10 per unit (for an aggregate
of 1,437,500) (an Extension Payment , and (ii) with respect to two consecutive
Funded Extension Periods, an Extension Payment prior to each Funded Extension Period, or 0.20 per unit in the aggregate (for an aggregate
of 2,875,000), upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and the trust agreement entered into between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company. Our
shareholders will not be entitled to vote or redeem their shares in connection with any Funded Extension Periods as a result of an Extension
Payment. We may also choose to pursue an extension of the time to complete our business combination without depositing additional funds
into the trust account, which would require a vote of the company s shareholders and in connection with which shareholders would
have the right to redeem their public shares. 

The
Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive
their redemption rights with respect to their Class B ordinary shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination
and (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Class B ordinary shares and public shares in connection with a
shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public if we do not complete our initial business
combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024 if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in the
Annual Report on Form 10-K) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A
ordinary shares. 

Dividend Rights 

Holders of our Ordinary Shares
are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Rights upon Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference
over the Ordinary Shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable
to the Ordinary Shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash
at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares,
upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

The
Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive
their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Class B ordinary shares they hold if we fail
to consummate an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024 if we extend the time to complete
a business combination as described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K) (although the Sponsor and each member of our management team
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe). 

Conversion Rights 

The Class B ordinary
shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion
will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial
business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such
that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate,
on an as-converted basis, 25 of the sum of (i) the total number of Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of
the Initial Public Offering (excluding the private placement shares), plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares
issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by
the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued
to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member
of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A
ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

Transfer Restrictions 

Except as described herein,
the Sponsor, and our officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Class B ordinary shares until
earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business
combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share
subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day
period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their
Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other
agreements of the Sponsor, officers and directors with respect to any Class B ordinary shares. 

In addition, private placement
shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among
other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor or the underwriters). 

Registration Rights 

The Class B ordinary
shares and private placement shares are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. You should review
a copy of the Registration Rights Agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a complete
description of the terms and conditions applicable to the Class B ordinary shares and private placement shares. 

Preference Shares 

Our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association authorize 2,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time
to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences,
the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable
to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting
and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the Ordinary Shares and could have anti-takeover
effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying,
deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding
at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in
the future. 

Warrants 

Each warrant entitles the
registered holder to purchase one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per Class A ordinary share, subject to adjustment,
at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The warrants will expire five years after the
completion of the initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon the Company s redemption or liquidation. 

Warrant Agreement 

The warrants were issued
in registered form under the Warrant Agreement. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the
consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of
the Warrant Agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the Warrant Agreement set forth in the Annual Report on Form 10-K,
or defective provision, (ii) removing or reducing the company s ability to redeem the public warrants, or (iii) adding
or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the Warrant Agreement as the parties to the Warrant Agreement
may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants
under the Warrant Agreement in any material respect. The Warrant Agreement may be amended by the parties thereto with the vote or written
consent of the registered holders of the warrants of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants and private placement warrants,
voting together as a single class, to allow for the warrants to be or continue to be, as applicable, classified as equity in the company s
financial statements. All other modifications or amendments, including any modification or amendment to increase the warrant price or
shorten the exercise period, (a) with respect to the terms of the public warrants or any provision of the Warrant Agreement with
respect to the public warrants, will require the vote or written consent of the registered holders of the warrants of at least 50 of
the then outstanding public placement warrants and (b) with respect to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision
of the Warrant Agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require the vote or written consent of at least 50 of the
then outstanding private placement warrants. You should review a copy of the Warrant Agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to
the Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. 

Exercise of Warrants 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the Warrant Agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price,
by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights
or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A
ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one
vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by such shareholders. 

The Company agrees that as
soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 Business Days after the closing of its initial business combination, it shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement (which may be, at the election of the Company, a post-effective
amendment to the Registration Statement) for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the offer and sale of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective
and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption
of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. If any such registration statement has not been declared effective
by the 60th Business Day following the closing of the initial business combination, holders of the warrants shall have the right, during
the period beginning on the 61st Business Day after the closing of the initial business combination and ending upon such registration
statement being declared effective by the SEC, and during any other period when the Company shall fail to have maintained an effective
registration statement, and current prospectus relating thereto, covering the offer and sale of the issuance of the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act or another exemption for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the
product of the number of shares of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Fair Market Value
(as defined below) less the Warrant Price (as defined in the Warrant Agreement) by (y) the Fair Market Value. The Fair Market
Value shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the shares of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10-trading-day
period ending on the trading day prior to the date that notice of exercise is received by the Warrant Agent from the holder of such Warrants
or its securities broker or intermediary. The date that notice of cashless exercise is received by the Warrant Agent shall
be conclusively determined by the Warrant Agent. 

No fractional Class A
ordinary shares will be issued upon exercise of a warrant. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest
in a Class A ordinary share, we will round down to the nearest whole number Class A ordinary shares to be issued to such holder. 

Exercise Limitations 

A holder of a warrant may
notify us in writing in the event that such holder elects to be subject to a requirement whereby such holder will not have the right to
exercise a warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such holder (together with such holder s affiliates),
to the Warrant Agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify)
of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Redemption of Public Warrants when the Price
per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 18.00. 

Once the warrants become
exercisable, the Company may redeem all, but not less than all, of the Public Warrants: 

Not earlier than 90 days after the completion of the initial business combination; 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

provided that the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 days within the 30-trading day period ending
on the third trading date prior to the date on which notice of the redemption is given equals or exceeds 18.00 per Class A ordinary
shares; and 

either there is an effective registration statement covering the offer and sale of the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, available throughout the 30-day redemption period;
or 

the Company has elected to require the exercise of the Public Warrants on a cashless basis. 

If
(x) the Company issues additional Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the
closing of its initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Ordinary Shares (with such
issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to
the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Class B ordinary shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as
applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial business
combination on the date of the completion of the Company s initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted
average trading price of shares of Class A ordinary shares during the 20-trading-day period starting on the trading day prior to
the day on which the Company consummates its initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20
per share, the Warrant Price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price shall be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. If the adjustment in the immediately preceding sentence would otherwise result in an increase
in the Warrant Price (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, recapitalizations, extraordinary dividends and similar events) hereunder,
no adjustment shall be made. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we
are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

In the event we redeem all
of the public warrants, the right to exercise a public warrant will be forfeited unless such public warrant is exercised prior to the
redemption date. On and after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption
price for such holder s warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

We will not redeem the public
warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the sale of the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares
is available throughout the 30-day redemption period or we require the warrants to be exercised on a cashless basis as described below.
If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of Class A ordinary
shares upon exercise of the public warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we
are unable to effect such registration or qualification. 

We have established the last
of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is, at the time of the call, a significant premium
to the public warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the public warrants,
each public warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its public warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However,
the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as may be adjusted for adjustments to
the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the
redemption notice is issued. 

Tender Offers 

If a tender offer, exchange
or redemption offer shall have been made to and accepted by the holders of the Class A ordinary shares and upon completion of such
offer, the offeror owns beneficially more than 50 aggregate voting power, including the power to vote on the election of directors of
the Company, of the issued and outstanding equity securities of the Company, the holder of a warrant shall be entitled to receive the
highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant
had been exercised, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to
the offer. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Class A ordinary shares in the applicable event
is payable in the form of common equity in the successor entity that is listed on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established
over-the-counter market, and if the holder of a warrant properly exercises such warrant within 30 days following the public disclosure
of the consummation of the applicable event by the Company, the Warrant Price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but
in no event less than zero) of (i) the Warrant Price in effect prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration
(as defined in the Warrant Agreement) minus (B) the value of the warrant based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value for a Capped American
Call for Public Warrants and Uncapped American Call for Private Warrants on Bloomberg Financial Markets. 

Anti-Dilution
Adjustments . 

If the number of outstanding
Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend paid in Class A ordinary shares to all or substantially
all holders of the Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of the Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on
the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights
offering made to all or substantially all holders of Class A ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary
shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed
a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares
actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible
into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary
share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering
is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A
ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable
upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A
ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A
ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

Dividends 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary
shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends
or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A
ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as
adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment
to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to
the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption
rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A
ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024 if we extend the
time to complete a business combination as described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K)or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, (e) as a result of the repurchase of Class A ordinary
shares by us if a proposed initial business combination is presented to our shareholders for approval, or (f) in connection with
the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will
be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any
securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

Consolidation, Combination, Share Sub-Division,
or Reclassification 

If the number of outstanding
Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary
shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share split, reclassification or
similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such
decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

The exercise price and number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described
below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

Private Placement Warrants 

The private warrants are
identical to the public warrants, except that the private warrants may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, the
private warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants may be subject to certain transfer
restrictions, and the private warrants are not redeemable at the option of the Company. The private warrants shall not become public warrants
as a result of any transfer of the private warrants, regardless of the transferee. 

The private placement warrants
are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement. You should review a copy of the Registration Rights
Agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a complete description of the terms and conditions
applicable to the private placement warrants. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies
are governed by the Companies Act (Revised). The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law statutory
enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the
material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in
the United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. 

In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows
for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated
in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 

Where the merger or consolidation
is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing
certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually
a majority of 662/3 in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other
authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required
for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company)
and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained,
unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies
Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or
consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation
involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands
exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements
set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents
of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements
of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been
filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that
no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign
company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement
has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended
or restricted. 

Where the surviving company
is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration
to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that
the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud
unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign
company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the
transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the
laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign
company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the
relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger
or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures
are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of their shares
upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows:
(a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on
the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation
is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders,
the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within
20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention
to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following
the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger
or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a
written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the
company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the
shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days
following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman
Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting
shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition,
the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate
fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available
in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized
stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed
are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 

Moreover, Cayman Islands
law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes
of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred
to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was
sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures
typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number
of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in
value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at
a general meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must
be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the
view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory
provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies
Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as
described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive
payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders
of United States corporations. 

Squeeze-out Provisions. 

When a takeover offer is made and accepted by
holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the
holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the
Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the
shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction
and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital
exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits. 

Stuarts Walker Hersant Humphries, our Cayman Islands
legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought
in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be
the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually
may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all
likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in
circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized
by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a
direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. 

The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities
laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing
to sue before a federal courts of the United States. 

We have been advised by Stuarts Walker Hersant
Humphries, Cayman Islands, our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or
enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws
of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed
by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments
obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court
of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon
the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign
judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in
respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds
of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of
the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may
stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. 

We are an exempted company with limited liability
under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that
is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted
company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges
listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings
are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in
the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 

Limited liability means that the
liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances,
such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which
a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections that will apply to us until the completion
of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter
of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders
entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution
has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of
the company s shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. Other than as described above, our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of
our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands
law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. 

The Sponsor and its permitted transferees, if
any, who collectively beneficially own 25 of our ordinary shares (excluding private placement shares), will participate in any vote to
amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose.
Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18,
2024 if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K), we will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any);
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and
our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may
not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote
as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior
to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond January 18,
2024 (or July 18, 2024 if we extend the time to complete a business combination as described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K)
or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
with the Sponsor, and our officers or directors, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we,
or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public
shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior
to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial
business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with
one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at
the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right
to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination by January 18, 2024 (or July 18, 2024 if we extend the time to complete a business
combination as described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights
of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if
any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar
company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution, which requires the
approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a
general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of
a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may
amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly,
although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders
and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting
public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. 

Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary
shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of
corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of
authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an
attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Transfer Agent, Registrar and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent and registrar for our Ordinary
Shares and warrant agent for our warrants is American Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares, and warrants
are listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols ISRLU, ISRL, and ISRLW respectively. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 tm2310236d1_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ziv Elul, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Israel Acquisitions Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942); 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:April 17, 2023 

/s/ Ziv Elul 

Ziv Elul 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 tm2310236d1_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Sharon Barzik Cohen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Israel Acquisitions Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942); 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Sharon Barzik Cohen 

Sharon Barzik Cohen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 tm2310236d1_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Israel
Acquisitions Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ziv Elul, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Ziv Elul 

Ziv Elul 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 tm2310236d1_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Israel
Acquisitions Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Sharon Barzik Cohen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Sharon Barzik Cohen 

Sharon Barzik Cohen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

