<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_813716_0001493152-23-012637.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4817045</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>109400</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>944361</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1366381</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1059641</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1231202</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012637.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417194320
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012637
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CIRTRAN CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000813716
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				680121636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49654
		FILM NUMBER:		23825162

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6360 S PECOS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 8
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8019635112

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6360 S PECOS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 8
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VERMILLION VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012637.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from _______ to _____ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to the Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of voting common equity held by nonaffiliates
was . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As
of April 14, 2023, we had shares of common stock outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 
 Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 9 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 9 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 10 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 11 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 12 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 13 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 13 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 15 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 15 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 15 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 16 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 19 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 19 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 20 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 22 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 23 

Signatures 
 24 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains statements about the future, sometimes referred to as forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
are typically identified by use of the words believe, may, could, should, expect, 
 anticipate, estimate, project, propose, plan, intend, 
and similar words and expressions. Statements that describe our future strategic goals, plans, objectives, and predictions are also forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results,
performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements. 

Readers
of this report are cautioned that any forward-looking statements, including those regarding us or our management s current beliefs,
expectations, anticipations, estimations, projections, strategies, proposals, plans, or intentions, are not guarantees of future performance
or results of events and involve risks and uncertainties, such as: 

Russia s
 recent military invasion of Ukraine has caused significant international political and economic disruption that may adversely affect
 our operations. 

The
 auditors report for our most recent fiscal years contains explanatory paragraphs about our ability to continue as a going
 concern. 

The
 ongoing COVID-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and will continue to adversely affect, our manufacturing, shipping, marketing,
 and distribution of HUSTLER -branded products. 

We
 have new operations that began generating revenues in 2020, after suffering severe operating and legal hurdles in 2016 that forced
 us to significantly curtail operations. 

Our
 renewed operations have faced the usual risks of beginning a new business, including establishing reliable product sources, new supply
 and distribution chains, sales, management capabilities, and related requirements, all of which have been exacerbated by a global
 pandemic. 

Our
 new business will be dependent on maintaining in good standing our manufacturing and distribution agreement with GloBrands and its
 license agreement with the Flint/Hustler organization to use the HUSTLER brand name. 

We
 cannot assure that our efforts to identify and commercialize new products for manufacture and distribution will be successful or
 generate revenue. 

Any
 sizable increase in products being developed, manufactured, and distributed will require skilled management of growth. 

All
 our assets are encumbered to secure the payment of indebtedness convertible to common stock, and if the indebtedness is not converted
 before April 2027, our default could result in the loss of all our assets. 

Our
 balance sheet and stockholders deficit continue to include liabilities accrued before 2013 and an outstanding judgment of
 17.2 million owed by our subsidiary, whose operations were discontinued in 2016, but which we still report in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles. 

We
 will require substantial amounts of additional capital from external sources. 

Penny
 stock regulations impose certain restrictions on resales of our securities, which may cause an investor to lose some or all of its
 investment. 

Risk
 factors, such as those set forth under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operation and other factors that are not currently known to us, may emerge from time to time. 

3 

The
forward-looking statements in this report are based on present circumstances and on our predictions respecting events that have not occurred,
that may not occur, or that may occur with different consequences from those we now assume or anticipate. Actual events or results may
differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements because of various factors, including the risk factors discussed
in this report. These cautionary statements are intended to be applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear
in this report. The forward-looking statements included are made only as of the date of this report. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

Based
on our diversified expertise in manufacturing, marketing, distribution, and technology services in a wide variety of consumer products,
including tobacco products, medical devices, and beverages, around the world, we have an innovative and consumer-focused approach to
brand portfolio management, resting on a strong understanding of consumers domestically, and we have established a footprint in more
than 50 key, international markets. 

In
early 2020, we completed phase one and two of our development of several HUSTLER -branded products, which enabled us to generate
revenue of about 2.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, and about 2.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021.
Our revenue-generating activities capitalized on our 2019 efforts to explore new product opportunities. In late 2019, we entered a five-year
manufacturing and distribution agreement with an unrelated party to manufacture, distribute, and sell condoms, electronic tobacco products,
cigars, energy drinks, water beverages, and related merchandise, all using the HUSTLER brand name. 

References
to us, we, our, and correlative terms refer to CirTran Corporation and our three subsidiaries,
LBC Products, Inc., CirTran Products Corp., and CirTran - Asia, Inc., through which we conduct our activities. 

Principal
Activities 

HUSTLER -branded
Products 

In
2020, we completed phase one and two of our development of several HUSTLER -branded products and launched our efforts to manufacture,
distribute, and sell condoms, electronic cigarettes, electronic cigars, cigars, hookahs, hookah tobacco, energy drinks, water beverages,
and related merchandise, all using the HUSTLER trademark. We conduct these activities through our wholly owned subsidiary, LBC Products,
Inc. LBC ), under a December 30, 2019, Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement with GloBrands, LLC GloBrands).
GloBrands is an unaffiliated licensee to market certain products bearing the HUSTLER trademark. 

The
Flynt/HUSTLER organization, a privately held 45-year-old global empire founded by Larry Flynt, operates under the HUSTLER brand,
including Larry Flynt s HUSTLER Clubs in 14 locations worldwide, HUSTLER Hollywood adult retail stores in 39 locations,
the luxurious HUSTLER Casino and Larry Flynt s Lucky Lady Casino in California, broadcasting outlets serving over 55 countries,
and DVD distribution. Larry Flynt s HUSTLER Club, located at the south end of The Las Vegas Strip, consists of an approximately
70,000-square-foot gentlemen s club above a similarly sized retail store that sells erotic clothing, toys, and associated merchandise.
Our HUSTLER -branded products are also distributed in outlets operated by HUSTLER s affiliated Deja Vu organization, which
operates approximately 200 gentlemen s clubs and adjacent adult retail stores in major metropolitan cities across the United States
and several foreign countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia, France, Canada, and Mexico. 

In
undertaking this new product manufacturing and distribution opportunity, we have taken advantage of our distribution and manufacturing
relationships established in several global locations during the last 20 years. 

4 

We
continue our efforts to: 

develop
 product manufacturing relationships with various foreign and domestic suppliers, including: 

obtaining,
 sometimes at our cost and for our exclusive benefit, tobacco import regulatory licenses; 

designing
 product logos and labeling; 

obtaining
 regulatory approval for our HUSTLER -brand product labeling where required; 

securing,
 at our cost and for our exclusive benefit, necessary FDA 510(k) approval for condom manufacturing; 

developing
 and refining regular and sugar-free energy drink and water assorted flavorings and formulations; 

create
 samples, wholesale and point-of-sale displays, catalogs, and related merchandising materials; 

develop
 digital and hard copy media support, website, product spokesperson content, direct television commercials, print, and miscellaneous
 media; 

establish,
 through our marketing and distribution relationships, distribution and delivery channels, inventory management, and related logistics; 

lease
 Las Vegas facilities to house our offices, showroom, and warehouse; 

assemble
 a team of contract consultants and support staff to expand into full operations when our business development progresses; and 

design
 data gathering, reporting, and analytical systems to support product and market development and refinement to respond to changing
 dynamics. 

Our
GloBrands Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement 

Our
December 2019 Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement with GloBrands grants to us the exclusive right to manufacture, distribute,
and sell specified products, including the authority to deal directly with distribution chain participants and to collect all product
payments. We are authorized to retain from the collected sales proceeds an amount equal to 120 of our cost of goods sold, plus 10 of
gross sales of the covered products. GloBrands reimburses us 105 of certain of our media placement expenses. Our GloBrands agreement
term extends through November 30, 2024, subject to earlier termination by either party following 60 days notice of uncured material
default. 

Our
agreement with GloBrands is subject in all respects to its rights as licensee under its licensing agreements with the Flynt/HUSTLER 
organization to use the HUSTLER brand name. The Flynt/HUSTLER organization has approved our manufacturing and distribution
arrangement. GloBrands is obligated to fully and timely perform and observe all terms, covenants, and conditions of the three underlying
licenses between it and the Flynt/Hustler organization, including the payment of required minimum and actual royalties to the Flynt/HUSTLER 
organization. Further, GloBrands cannot amend the license agreements or waive or release any material right under the underlying Flynt/HUSTLER 
licenses. Under the Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement, we transmit royalty payments on GloBrands behalf directly
to the Flynt/HUSTLER organization. 

We
have a limited license to use the HUSTLER brand name for the exclusive purposes of fulfilling our obligations under the Exclusive
Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement. 

5 

GloBrands 
License to Use the HUSTLER Brand Name 

Our
Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement with GloBrands implements its three separate product licenses with the Flynt/HUSTLER
organization covering three branded products or product groups (condoms, energy drinks and waters, and natural leaf small cigars and
premium cigars, electronic cigarettes/cigars, hookahs, and hookah tobacco), with minimum initial term guaranteed payments. The guaranteed
payments are a prepayment of, and are applied to, actual royalties of the gross sales price of products, less freight and returns. The
licenses authorize worldwide product distribution through mass retail, drug stores, supermarkets, club stores, direct response, pharmacies
casinos/nightclubs, convenience stores, internet sales via licensee s websites, and miscellaneous other outlets. Each license is
automatically renewable for an additional five-year term, subject to adjustment to the amount of the guaranteed payments. All manufacturing,
labeling, and marketing materials, samples, and representative products are subject to the prior approval of the Flynt/HUSTLER organization. 

Each
license is terminable by the Flynt/HUSTLER organization if any material default by GloBrands is not cured within 60 days after notice
(10 days in the case of nonpayment). We are not entitled to receive a copy of any notice of default. 

Business
Approach 

Our
GloBrands-HUSTLER current activities reflect our commitment and ability to assist our clients in developing their licensed brands
and to provide a range of products in various categories for markets globally. We can provide complete product development, manufacturing,
and distribution services for a wide range of business sectors. From first concept to design, engineering, prototyping, manufacturing,
packaging, marketing, inventory control, distribution, shipping, warranty fulfillment, and customer service. 

Consumer
Product Commercialization Contract Marketing 

In
addition to current activities under our GloBrands-HUSTLER Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement, we are seeking to commercialize
one or more consumer products. We identify what we believe to be the need for a product or other demand and then seek a product that
may be distributed to address that demand. When we identify a need, but find no suitable available product, we may design our own product
for commercialization. 

We
pursue contract marketing relationships principally in the domestic consumer products markets, such as home and garden, kitchen, health
and beauty, toys, and licensed merchandise for television, sports, and other entertainment properties. If we deem it suitable, we may
obtain rights from the product owner to manufacture and market a particular product, generally in consideration of the payment of a royalty,
sometimes accompanied with an initial fee. Frequently, owners of undeveloped products or product concepts are seeking branding, marketing,
manufacturing, order fulfillment, and distribution assistance. 

Our
commercialization efforts include developing product packaging, branding the product, arranging third-party manufacturing, establishing
distribution channels, and arranging order fulfillment. We anticipate that these activities will generally be undertaken by third parties
under contract. In some cases, we may brand a product under a license to use a third-party s recognized name, as we did in the
case of the discontinued Playboy-branded energy drink; seek an endorsement from a publicly recognized celebrity, sports figure, or other
person; or obtain the rights to use the image, likeness, or logo of a product or a person, such as a well-known celebrity. Licensed merchandise
is then sold and marketed in the entertainment and sports franchise industries. We anticipate that these products will be introduced
into the market under either one uniform brand name or separate trademarked names that we originate and own or acquire by license. 

The
contract-manufacturing industry specializes in providing the program management, technical and administrative support, and manufacturing
expertise required to take products from the early design and prototype stages through volume production and distribution of a quality
product on time and at a competitive cost. This full range of services gives the customer an opportunity to avoid large capital investments
in plant, inventory, equipment, and staffing, so that instead, it can concentrate on innovation, design, and marketing. By using our
contract-manufacturing services, customers have the ability to improve the return on their investment with greater flexibility in responding
to market demands and exploiting new market opportunities. Our efforts will be led by our current chief executive officer and others
that we may hire as employees or engage as independent contractors. 

6 

In
previous years, we found that customers increasingly required contract manufacturers to provide complete turn-key manufacturing and material
handling services, rather than working on a consignment basis in which the customer supplies all materials, and the contract manufacturer
supplies only labor. Turn-key contracts involve design, manufacturing and engineering support, procurement of all materials, and sophisticated
in-circuit and functional testing and distribution. The manufacturing partnership between customers and contract manufacturers involves
an increased use of just-in-time inventory management techniques that minimize the customer s investment in component
inventories, personnel, and related facilities, thereby reducing its costs. 

Based
on the trends we have observed in the contract-manufacturing industry, we believe we will benefit from the increased market acceptance
of, and reliance upon, the use of manufacturing specialists by many original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, marketing firms, distributors,
and national retailers. We believe the trend towards outsourcing manufacturing will continue. OEMs use manufacturing specialists for
many reasons, including reducing the time it takes to bring new products to market, reducing the initial investment required, accessing
leading manufacturing technology, gaining the ability to better focus resources in other value-added areas, and improving inventory management
and purchasing power. An important element of our strategy is to establish partnerships with major and emerging OEM leaders in diverse
segments across our target industries. Due to the costs inherent in supporting customer relationships, we focus on customers with which
the opportunity exists to develop long-term business relationships. Our goal is to provide our customers with total manufacturing solutions
through third-party providers for both new and more mature products, as well as across product generations an idea we call Concept
to Consumer. 

We
have also previously designed, engineered, manufactured, and supplied international electronic consumer products and general merchandise
for various marketers, distributors, and retailers selling overseas. We have provided manufacturing services to the direct-response and
retail consumer markets. Our experience and expertise enable us to enter a project at various phases: engineering and design; product
development and prototyping; tooling; and high-volume manufacturing. Our contacts with Asian suppliers have helped us to maintain our
status as an international contract manufacturer for multiple products in a wide variety of industries, which will allow us to target
larger-scale contracts. 

We
have developed markets for several product lines, including medical devices, beverages, tobacco products, fitness and exercise products,
household and kitchen products and appliances, and health and beauty aids, some of which are manufactured in China. We anticipate that
offshore contract manufacturing will play an increased role moving forward as resources become available to us. 

All marketing costs are reimbursed by the entity the
Company licenses its products from. Any expense attributed to the Company in negligible. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
review opportunities to identify products that we may market through current sales channels. We also seek new paths to deliver products
and services directly to end users and are pursuing strategic and reciprocal relationships with retail distribution firms whereby they
would act as our retail distribution arm and we would act as their manufacturing arm, with each party giving the other priority and first
opportunity to work on the other s products. 

We
believe there may be a significant marketing advantage related to our development and introduction of the suite of products under the
HUSTLER brand that identifies our products and outweighs related costs. 

Our
contacts in Central America, Thailand, Vietnam, China, and other Asian countries may allow us to increase our manufacturing capacity
and output with minimal capital investment required. By using various subcontractors, we may leverage our upfront payments for inventories
and tooling to control costs and receive benefits from economies of scale in Asian manufacturing facilities. 

Typically,
we may be required to prepay a portion of the purchase order price for materials. In exchange for financial commitments, we may receive
dedicated manufacturing responsiveness and eliminate the costly expense associated with capitalizing completely proprietary facilities.
For example, we previously expanded our manufacturing capabilities for our beverage division outside the United States to accommodate
international customers by contracting with manufacturers in Hungary, The Netherlands, South Africa, and India. This is also the case
moving forward with the current branded products manufactured and distributed for GloBrands. 

7 

During
a typical contract manufacturing sales process, a customer provides us with specifications for the product it wants, and we develop a
bid price for manufacturing a minimum quantity that includes manufacture engineering, parts, labor, testing, and shipping. If the bid
is accepted, the customer is required to purchase an agreed minimum quantity, and additional product is sold through purchase orders
issued under the original contract. Special engineering services are provided at either an hourly rate or a fixed contract price for
a specified task. 

Competition 

As
we seek to develop and introduce new private label or similarly branded proprietary products, we may be dependent on our ability to acquire
licensing rights with established, broadly recognized brand names, which are typically owned by large, international firms that carefully
guard their name s integrity and reputation. We have little market position or operating history to support our efforts to develop
exclusive marketing relationships. On the contrary, we may be adversely affected by the history of our relationship with Playboy Enterprises,
Inc., in distributing its private label Playboy nonalcoholic energy drink. 

Competition
in our targeted markets is based on manufacturing technology, merchandise quality, responsiveness, the provision of value-added services,
and price. To be competitive, we must provide technologically advanced manufacturing services, maintain quality levels, offer flexible
delivery schedules, and deliver finished products on a reliable basis and for a favorable price. 

The
manufacturing services industry is large and diverse and serviced by many companies, including several that have achieved significant
market share. We will compete with different companies depending on the type of service or geographic area. Certain of our competitors
may have greater manufacturing, financial, research and development, and marketing resources than we have. 

We
will also face competition from current and prospective customers that evaluate our capabilities against the merits of manufacturing
products internally. 

Regulation 

We
or the products we sell are subject to typical federal, state, and local regulations and laws governing the operations of manufacturing
facilities, including environmental disposal, storage, and discharge regulations and laws; employee safety laws and regulations; and
labor practices laws and regulations. We and the firms that manufacture the products that we market and distribute typically require
compliance with applicable good manufacturing procedures, including FDA 510(k) certification for medical devices such as condoms. We
coordinate those efforts and, when we bear the related costs, hold the exclusive rights under those regulatory clearances. We are primarily
responsible for complying with importing and interstate shipping licenses, registrations, reporting, and related excise tax payments
for tobacco products we handle. 

We
generally are not required under current laws and regulations to obtain or maintain any specialized or agency-specific other licenses,
permits, or authorizations to conduct our manufacturing services, but we must obtain licenses to sell tobacco products in all states.
We believe we are in substantial compliance with all relevant regulations applicable to our business and operations. All international
sales permits are the responsibility of the local distributors, which are required to obtain all local licenses and permits. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had three full-time employees, including our officers and directors, and tweny-three part-time contract workers.
We now rely on part-time and contract workers, independent contractors, and consultants to meet our needs while minimizing fixed overhead.
We expect to continue to rely on this strategy in the future as our increasing activities required more personnel. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide
the information under this Item. 

8 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We sublease a 2,500-square-foot office, showroom,
and warehouse in Las Vegas, NV, for 2,500 per month from GloBrands under a lease that expired in October 2022. In November 2022, the
lease was continued on a month-to-month basis. We believe that the facilities described above are generally in good condition, well maintained,
and suitable and adequate for our current needs. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. All judgments,
including interest, have been booked as liabilities, except where we believe collection or enforcement of the judgments is barred by
the applicable statute of limitations, in which case the liabilities have been eliminated. We consider litigation reduced to judgment
as no longer pending. However, in certain circumstances, a litigant can initiate further proceedings following the entry of a non-appealable
final judgment and the passage of the applicable statute of limitations on the enforcement of a judgment to seek enforcement or further
relief. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time
that may harm our business. As of December 31, 2022, we were not a party to any material pending litigation, and no lawsuits have been
threatened by or against us. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group under the trading symbol CIRX. These over-the-counter
market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. Since our inception, the sporadic trading activity in our common stock and the price fluctuations have been volatile, and
we cannot assure that any market for our common stock will be maintained. 

The
following table sets forth the range of low and high closing sale prices for our common stock for each of the periods indicated, as reported
and summarized by the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group: 

Low 
 High 
 
 2022: 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.021 
 0.045 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.031 
 0.06 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.05 
 0.065 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.043 
 0.09 

2021: 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.03 
 0.08 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.05 
 0.09 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.04 
 0.10 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.03 
 0.09 

9 

On
March 17, 2023, the closing price per share for the most recent sale of our common stock on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets Group was
 0.025. We have 498 stockholders of record of our common stock. As of March 17, 2023, we had 4,945,417 shares of our common stock issued
and outstanding. 

Our
shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock and other rules of the Exchange Act. In general terms, penny
stock is defined as any equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share that is not traded on a national securities
exchange or that has an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. As a result, our common stock is
subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell these securities to persons other than
established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets more than 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000,
or 300,000 together with their spouse). 

Transactions
covered by these rules are subject to additional sales practice requirements, including the broker-dealer must make a special suitability
determination for the purchase of these securities and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction before
the purchase. These rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to trade or maintain a market in our common stock, to the extent
it is penny stock, and may affect the ability of stockholders to sell their shares. 

Dividends 

Holders
of shares of common stock are entitled to receive dividends for our common stock when, as, and if declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor. We have not paid any dividends on our common stock and intend to retain earnings, if any, to
finance the development and expansion of our business. Future dividend policy is subject to the discretion of the board of directors
and will depend upon the number of factors, including future revenues, capital requirements, overall financial condition, and such other
factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 

Equity
Compensation Plan 

The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, respecting our compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements)
under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Plan Category 
 Number
 of Securities To Be
 Issued upon Exercise of
 Outstanding Options, Warrants
 and Rights (a) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise
 Price of Outstanding
 Options, Warrants
 and Rights (b) 
 Number
 of Securities Remaining Available
 for Future Issuance under
 Equity Compensation Plans
 (excluding securities reflected
 in column (a)(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 40,000 
 0.05 
 344,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 
 40,000 
 0.05 
 344,000 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

10 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Except
for the historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties.
We caution you not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Our actual
results or actions may differ materially from these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the risks described in Risk
Factors and elsewhere in this annual report. Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes and with the understanding that our actual future results
may be materially different from what we currently expect. 

Introduction 

Based
on our diversified expertise in manufacturing, marketing, distribution, and technology services in a wide variety of consumer products,
including tobacco products, medical devices, and beverages, around the world, we have an innovative and consumer-focused approach to
brand portfolio management, resting on a strong understanding of consumers domestically, and we have established a footprint in more
than 50 key, international markets. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our business activities generated revenue of 1,719,358. In 2020, we completed phase one and two of
our development of all HUSTLER -branded products, which enabled us to generate revenue of 2,923,269 during the year ended December
31, 2021, related to our 2019 five-year manufacturing and distribution agreement with an unrelated party to manufacture, distribute,
and sell condoms, electronic tobacco products, cigars, energy drinks, water beverages, and related merchandise, all using the HUSTLER 
brand name. 

Going
Concern 

We
have suffered substantial losses. The future of our company is dependent upon our ability to continue to generate revenues sufficient
to offset operating costs or recover start-up costs under our GloBrands-HUSTLER Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement
signed in December 2019. Management intends to seek additional capital through a private placement or public offering of its common stock,
if necessary. Our auditors have expressed a going concern in their opinion, which raises substantial doubts about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Sales
and Cost of Sales 

We had revenues of 1,719,358 and 2,923,269 during
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, a decrease of 1,203,911 or 41.2 . We had cost of sales of 696,548 and 1,024,444,
respectively, for gross profit of 1,022,810 and 1,898,825, respectively. Revenues are derived from the design, manufacture, and delivery
of certain licensed products in accordance with our GloBrands-HUSTLER distribution agreement. The decrease in revenue in the current
period is due to a decrease in the sale of Vape products in California due to their ban on flavored tobacco. 

Operating
Expenses 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, selling,
general, and administrative expenses and employee costs were approximately 1,596,000, as compared to approximately 2,127,000 for the
same period in 2021, a decrease of 531,000 or 25 . Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 1,004,003 and 1,630,592, respectively,
a decrease of 626,589 or 38.4 . The decrease in operating expenses period over period is the result of substantially increased activities
attributable to the development of products under the HUSTLER brand name and selling certain tobacco products in states with lower
or no excise tax in the first quarter. We also recognized a accrued tax liability expense in the current year of 50,888. 

11 

Other
Income and Expense 

Other income and expenses during the year ended December
31, 2022, consisted of interest expense of approximately 709,000 and a loss on the fair value of derivative liabilities of approximately
 66,000. 

Other
income and expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted of interest expense of approximately 680,000, loss on the fair
value of derivative liabilities of approximately 16,000, gain on forgiveness of debt of approximately 13,000, gains on the write-off
of accounts payable of approximately 72,000 and other income of approximately 1,000. 

As
a result of the foregoing, we had a net loss of approximately 1,349,000 from continuing operations, as compared to 838,000 in the prior
year. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
have had a history of losses from operations, as our expenses have been greater than our revenue. Our accumulated deficit is approximately
 79.3 million at December 31, 2022. 

Operating
Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, operations
generated 159,304 of net cash, comprised of a loss from continuing operations of 1,502,091, noncash items totaling 337,367 consisting
primarily of losses recognized from the changes in fair values of derivative liabilities, debt discount amortization and discontinued
operations. Changes in working capital totaled 1,273,140. During the year ended December 31, 2021, operations generated 344,458 of net
cash, comprised of income from continuing operations of 126,212, a 964,685 loss from discontinued operations and other noncash items
totaling 51,373. Changes in working capital of approximately 1.1 mil. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used approximately 147,000 of net cash from financing activities mainly comprised of repayments
on related-party loans that totaled 155,000 and proceeds from related-party loans of 8,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
we used approximately 443,000 of net cash from financing activities mainly comprised of repayments on related-party loans that totaled
 448,000 and proceeds from non-related-party loans of 5,000. 

Our
Capital Resources and Anticipated Requirements 

Our
monthly operating costs are approximately 35,000 per month, excluding approximately 50,000 of accruing interest expense and capital
expenditures. We continue to focus on generating revenue and reducing our monthly business expenses through cost reductions and operational
streamlining. We have only recently begun to generate enough cash to sustain our day-to-day operations, and we expect to access external
capital resources in the future to fund any new projects we may undertake. We cannot assure that we will be successful in obtaining such
capital. 

If
we seek infusions of capital from investors, it is unlikely that we will be able to obtain additional debt financing. If we did incur
additional debt, we would be required to devote additional cash flow to servicing the debt and securing the debt with assets. 

Our
issuance of additional shares for equity or for conversion of debt could dilute the value of our common stock and existing stockholders 
positions. 

Convertible
Debentures and Notes Payable 

We
currently have an outstanding amended, restated, and consolidated secured convertible debenture with Tekfine, LLC, an unrelated entity,
with a maturity date of April 30, 2027, to the extent not previously converted. The amended debenture has a total outstanding principal
balance of 2.4 million, with accrued interest of 1.7 million as of December 31, 2022. We also have four additional convertible debentures
with Tekfine with maturity dates ranging from February 28, 2022, until May 30, 2022, totaling 275,000, unless earlier converted. The
convertible debentures and accrued interest are convertible into shares of our common stock at the lower of 100 or 0.10 (depending
on the instrument) or the lowest bid price for the 20 trading days prior to conversion. 

We
have received advances from related parties totaling 8,137 and 5,000 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
as well as making repayments on related-party loans of 154,832 and 448,335 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Refer
to Note 2 of our financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K for a summary of our critical accounting policies and recently
adopting and issued accounting standards. 

ITEM
7a. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information
under this item. 

12 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 0 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Cirtran Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cirtran Corporation the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in
the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company has a working capital deficiency, a net loss from continuing operations, and an accumulated
deficit. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation
of Investments (Impairment) Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 

Description
of the Critical Audit Matter 

The
Company holds one investment that is accounted for as an equity investment without a readily determinable fair value. Adjustments to
the cost of the investment is based on significant judgment regarding appropriate valuation and is highly subjective; therefore, we assessed
this as a critical audit matter. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to evaluating the Company s accounting for the valuation of investment included the following, among others: 

Performed
 inquiries with management of the investee, confirming the balance of the Company s investment. 
 
 Evaluated
 the investee s financial position and the relevance and reliability of the data obtained
 from investee. 
 
 Evaluated
 the accuracy and completeness of underlying information provided by management. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

April 17, 2023 

F- 2 

CIRTRAN
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets: 

Cash 

Inventory 

Deposits
 on inventory 

Deposits
 on inventory - related party 

Accounts
 receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 
 and ,
 respectively 

Other
 current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Investment
 in securities at cost 

Right-of-use
 asset 

Property
 and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Lease
 liability, current 

Related-party
 payable 

Short-term
 advances payable 

Short-term
 advances payable - related parties 

Accrued
 liabilities 

Accrued
 payroll and compensation expense 

Accrued
 interest, current portion 

Convertible
 debenture, current portion, net of discounts 

Note
 payable, current portion 

Note
 payable to stockholders 

Derivative
 liability 

Liabilities
 from discontinued operations 

Total
 current liabilities: 

Deferred tax liability 

Note
 payable, net of current portion 

Convertible
 debenture, net of current portion, net of discount 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies 

Stockholders 
 deficit: 

Common
 stock, par value ;
 shares
 authorized; shares
 issued and outstanding 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders deficit 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CIRTRAN
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 sales 

Cost
 of sales 

Gross
 profit 

Operating
 expenses: 

Employee
 costs 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

Total
 operating expenses 

(Loss)
 income from operations 

Other
 income (expense) 

Interest
 expense 

Gain
 on forgiveness of debt 

Gain
 on write off of accounts payable 

Gain
 (loss) on derivative valuation 

Other
 income 

Total
 other (expense) income 

Net
 loss from continuing operations 

(Loss)
 income from discontinued operations 

Net
 (loss) income before income tax 

Income tax 

Net (loss) income 

Net
 loss from continuing operations per common share, basic 

Net
 loss from continuing operations per common share, diluted 

Net
 (loss) income from discontinued operations per common share, basic 

Net
 (loss) income from discontinued operations per common share, diluted 

Net
 (loss) income per share, basic 

Net
 (loss) income per share, diluted 

Basic weighted average common shares outstanding 

Diluted
 weighted average common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CIRTRAN
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 deficit 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Stock option expense 

Common stock issued for conversion of accrued interest 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CIRTRAN
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used) provided by operating activities: 

Loss (income) from discontinued operations 

Depreciation expense 

Loss on derivative valuation 

Debt discount amortization 

Stock option expense 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Gain on write off of accounts payable 

Amortization of right-of-use asset to rent expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 

Deposits on inventory 

Deposits on inventory - related party 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Payments for lease liability 

Accrued payroll and compensation 

Accrued interest 

Accrued tax liability 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from related-party loans 

Repayments of related-party loans 

Repayments of loans payable 

Net Cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing activities: 

Common stock issued for conversion of accrued interest 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

CIRTRAN
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

cash
equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

and , respectively, related to the performance obligations
under product development service agreements with customers. These contracts are long term in nature and revenue is recognized at certain
milestone intervals upon our delivery and customer acceptance of work product related to those milestones: namely, product design, packaging,
branding display, and prototypes. There were no costs to obtain the contracts identified, and therefore, no asset has been recorded for
customer acquisition costs. We have not recognized impairment losses related to the receivables from these contracts during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Additionally,
we recognized revenues of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the delivery
of product to our customers. Each delivery is based on the unique contract with the customer, which is a stand-alone contract that we
retain the right to accept or reject. Upon acceptance, we oblige delivery of such product to the customer at an agreed-upon place, time,
and price. We recognize revenue under the unique contract upon fulfillment of our performance obligations therein, typically limited
to the delivery of product. 

. 

through October 2022. We have determined the appropriate discount
rate to be based on our other borrowings secured by assets. 

The
lease was renewed on October 19, 2022, on a month to months basis, with payments remaining at a month. 

at December
31, 2022 and 2021. Because we owned less than of that company s stock as of each date, and no significant influence or control
exists, the investment is accounted for using the cost method. We evaluated the investment for impairment and determined there was none
during the periods presented. 

t record expenses for the impairment of long-lived assets
during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

(non-related-party) and (related-party) as of December 31, 2022, and (non-related-party)
and (related-party) as of December 31, 2021. 

On
most of tobacco related products, the Company pays in advance for Federal Excise Taxes and State Excise Taxes prior to receiving product.
The Company accrues those taxes on its balance sheet and expenses them per-unit basis as sold. 

Raw materials 

Total 

Level
2 Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the
asset or liability, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or
liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which
significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level
3 Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant
to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

Accounts
payable and related-party payables have fair values that approximate the carrying value due to the short-term nature of these instruments.
Derivative liabilities are measured using level 3 inputs. 

Total Fair Value at December 31, 2021 
 Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) 
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Derivative liabilities 

potentially issuable shares from the conversions of convertible debentures outstanding that were excluded in dilutive outstanding shares
for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the anti-dilutive effect these would have on net loss per share. There were 
such shares issuable as of December 31, 2021. We do not currently have adequate authorized but unissued shares to satisfy our obligations
should all instruments eligible to convert to common stock be exercised. We are not currently contemplating an increase in our authorized
shares but may do so in the future. 

liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. 

as of December 31, 2022, and a net loss from continuing operations
of for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of . These conditions
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to successfully accomplish our business plan and eventually attain
profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if we are unable to
continue as a going concern. 

In
the coming year, our foreseeable cash requirements will relate to development of business operations and associated expenses. We may
experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital. 

Historically,
we have mainly relied upon shareholder loans and advances to finance operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital by
retaining net earnings, if any, or through future public or private offerings of our stock or loans from private investors, although
we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain such financing. Our failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect upon our
shareholders and us. 

- 
 
 Vehicles 

- 
 
 Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

We
recorded and of depreciation expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

promissory note to a family member of our president in exchange for . There were no repayments made during the periods presented. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the principal amount owing on the
note was and , respectively. No demand for payment has been made. 

On
March 31, 2008, we issued to this same family member, along with two other company shareholders, promissory notes totaling 
each). Under the terms of these three notes, we received total proceeds of and agreed to repay the amount received
plus a borrowing fee. The notes were due April 30, 2008, after which they were due on demand, with interest accruing at per annum.
We made no payments towards the outstanding notes during the periods presented. The principal balance owing on the notes as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively. No demand for payment has been made. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we made repayments to related parties of had other noncash reductions of . During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we made repayments to related parties of and had other noncash reductions of . There
were and of short-term advances due to related parties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We
have agreed to issue stock options to Iehab Hawatmeh, our president, as compensation for services provided as our chief executive officer.
The terms of his employment agreement require us to grant options to purchase shares of our stock each year, with an exercise .
We issued options to purchase and shares of common stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
There were options to purchase shares of common stock that expired during each year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Mr. Hawatmeh
held outstanding options to purchase and shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note
13 Stock Options and Warrants. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we owed our president a total of and , respectively, in unsecured advances. The advances
and short-term bridge loans were approved by our board of directors under a borrowing fee. The borrowing fees were waived by our president
on these loans. These amounts are included in our liabilities from discontinued operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we owed a total of and , respectively, to a related party through trade payables incurred
in the normal course of business. These amounts are shown as a separate related-party payable on the balance sheet as of each reporting
date. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net increase in deposits with a related-party inventory supplier totaling . The related
party is an entity controlled by our chief executive officer. All transactions were at a markup over the related-party s cost
paid for inventory in arm s-length transactions. Total inventory purchases from the related party were and 
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Other 

Total 

Other
accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, include a non-interest-bearing payable totaling and , respectively,
that is due on demand and customer deposits totaling and , respectively. 

Bonus expenses 

Commissions 

Consulting 

Administrative payroll 

Total 

million to Playboy against
Play Beverages and CirTran Beverage Corp., our subsidiary. The court denied our motion for a new trial and awarded Playboy treble patent
infringement damages and attorney s fees. We filed a notice of appeal in July 2017 and again in March 2018. Playboy has initiated
collection efforts but has recovered no funds. In September 2018, the appellate court affirmed the judgment of the circuit court. We
have accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, related to this judgment, which is included in liabilities in discontinued
operations. 

Delinquent
Payroll Taxes, Interest, and Penalties 

In
November 2004, the IRS accepted our amended offer in compromise (the Offer to settle delinquent payroll taxes, interest,
and penalties, which required us to pay , remain current in our payment of taxes for , and forego claiming any net
operating losses for the years 2001 through 2015 or until we paid taxes on future profits in an amount equal to the taxes of 
waived by the Offer. In June 2013, we entered into a partial installment agreement to pay in unpaid 2009 payroll taxes, which
required us to pay the IRS of cash deposits. The monthly payments were to continue until the account balances were paid in full or
until the collection statute of limitation expired on October 6, 2020. We are currently in communication with the IRS regarding the statute
of limitations on this settlement and appropriate next steps. Amounts of and were due as December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
engage Iehab Hawatmeh, our president and chief executive officer, through an employment agreement entered in August 2009 and amended
in September 2017. In July 2017, Mr. Hawatmeh had resigned all positions with us to pursue other business activities, thereby effectively
terminating the agreement. However, the amendment to his employment agreement in September 2017 reinstated Mr. Hawatmeh to his previous
positions, with a salary in an amount to be determined. Among other things, the reinstated employment agreement: (a) grants options to
purchase a minimum of shares of our stock each year, with an exercise price equal to the market price of our common stock as of
the grant date, for the maximum term allowed under our stock option plan; (b) provides for health insurance coverage, cell phone, car
allowance, life insurance, and director and officer liability insurance, as well as any other bonus approved by our board; and (c) includes
additional incentive compensation as follows: (i) a quarterly bonus equal to of our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation,
and amortization for the applicable quarter; (ii) bonuses equal to of the net purchase price of any acquisitions we complete that
are directly generated and arranged by Mr. Hawatmeh; and (iii) an annual bonus (payable quarterly) equal to of our gross sales of
all products, net of returns and allowances. On January 1, 2020, we resumed accruing wages for our chief executive officer. A total of
 was accrued during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
also have an oral agreement with our other director that requires us to issue options to purchase shares of our common stock each
year. 

License
Agreements 

We
have entered into agreements requiring us to pay certain royalties for the manufacture and distribution of licensed products. Fees are
based on a percentage of sales and remitted quarterly and are included in cost of sales for financial reporting purposes. 

Note payable for settlement of debt (long-term) 

Small Business Administration loan 

Total 

There
was and of accrued interest due on these notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

stated interest rate, secured by all our assets, due on 

Convertible debenture, stated interest rate, secured by all our assets, due on 

Convertible debenture, stated interest rate, secured by all our assets, due on 

Convertible debenture, stated interest rate, secured by all our assets, due on 

Convertible debenture, stated interest rate, secured by all our assets, due
 on 

Subtotal 

Less: discounts 

Total 

Less: current portion 

Long-term portion 

The
convertible debentures and accrued interest are convertible into shares of our common stock at the lower of or the lowest bid price
for the trading days prior to conversion. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the convertible debenture holder converted 
of accrued but unpaid interest into shares of our common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accrued interest on the convertible debentures totaling and , respectively. 

with
the outstanding principal and interest being (notes one through four) or 0.10 (note five) or the lowest closing bid price in the prior 20 trading days. Embedded derivatives
are valued separately from the host instrument and are recognized as derivative liabilities in our balance sheet. We measure these instruments
at their estimated fair value and recognize changes in their estimated fair value in results of operations during the period of change.
We have estimated the fair value of these embedded derivatives for convertible debentures and associated warrants using a Monte Carlo
simulation as of December 31, 2022, using the following assumptions: 

 - 

Risk-free rates 
 
 - 

Stock price 

Remaining life 
 -
 years 

The
fair values of the derivative instruments are measured each quarter, which resulted in a loss of and during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair market value of the derivatives aggregated
 and , respectively. 

shares of par value common stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued a total of shares of common stock for the conversion of of accrued interest. 

is being used. 

We
have not taken a tax position that, if challenged, would have a material effect on the financial statements for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, applicable under FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes . We did not recognize any adjustment to the liability for an uncertain
tax position and, therefore, did not record any adjustment to the beginning balance of accumulated deficit on the balance sheet. All
our tax returns remain open. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net operating loss carryforwards for tax reporting purposes of approximately million and
 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2019, we dissolved four subsidiaries that had total net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately million, which were forfeited upon dissolution, reducing our deferred tax asset by approximately
 million. In addition, the realization of tax benefits relating to net operating loss carryforwards is limited due to the settlement
related to amounts previously due to the IRS, as discussed in Note 6 Other Accrued Liabilities. 

As of December 31, 2023, we recognized an accrual for tax liability expense
of for our LBC Products, Inc, subsidiary only. LBC is not considered part of the consolidated company for tax purposes. 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Change in payroll accruals 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Stock option expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in derivative liability 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

and options to purchase shares of common stock. 

The
 options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022, were valued using the following assumptions: estimated five -year term,
estimated volatility of , and a risk-free rate of . 

The
 options granted during the year ended December 31, 2021, were valued using the following assumptions: estimated five -year term,
estimated volatility of , and a risk-free rate of . 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had unrecognized compensation related to outstanding options that have not yet vested at year-end
that would be recognized in subsequent periods. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were options issued and vested with a weighted average exercise price of and a weighted average
remaining life of years. Outstanding options as of December 31, 2022, consisted of: 

Total 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Accrued payroll and compensation expense 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Related-party payable 

Short-term advances payable 

Total liabilities from discontinued operations 

Net
(loss) income from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were comprised of the following components: 

2022 
 2021 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Gain on write off of accounts payable 

Total other (expense) income 

Net (loss) income from discontinued operations 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal
executive and principal financial officer (whom we refer to in this periodic report as our Certifying Officer), of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, management concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to
be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the
periods prescribed by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our Certifying Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

13 

Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls 

In
designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute assurance of achieving the desired objectives. Also, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls
is based, in part, upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls, as defined in the Exchange Act. These internal
controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures are
adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations in
the effectiveness of any system of internal controls, including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently,
an effective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial information. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP and the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made and
in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Management
has undertaken an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria
established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO ). Based upon this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Based
on that evaluation, management concluded that, during the period covered by this report, such internal controls and procedures were not
effective due to the following material weakness identified: 

Lack
 of appropriate segregation of duties, 

Lack
 of control procedures that include multiple levels of supervision and review, 

Lack
 of financial resources to engage adequate external expertise; and 

Overreliance
 upon independent financial reporting consultants for review of critical accounting areas and disclosures and material, nonstandard
 transactions. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the
SEC that permit us to provide only the management s report in this annual report. 

Implemented
or Planned Remedial Actions in Response to the Material Weaknesses 

We
will continue to strive to correct the above noted weakness in internal control once we have adequate funds to do so. We believe appointing
a director who qualifies as a financial expert will improve the overall performance of our control over our financial reporting. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

14 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, that materially
affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

The
names of our director and executive officers as of December 31, 2022, and their ages, positions, and biographies are set forth below.
Our executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the discretion of, our board of directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Tenure 

Iehab
 Hawatmeh 
 
 56 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 
 July
 2000 to date 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Chairman 

Kathryn
 Hollinger 
 
 72 
 
 Director,
 Controller 
 
 August
 2011 to date 

Iehab
J. Hawatmeh 

Iehab
J. Hawatmeh founded our predecessor company in 1993 and has been our chairman, president, and chief executive officer since July 2000,
except for a brief absence during 2017. Mr. Hawatmeh oversees all daily operations, including our technical and sales functions. Mr.
Hawatmeh is currently functioning in a dual role as chief financial officer. Before his involvement with our company, Mr. Hawatmeh was
the Processing Engineering Manager for Tandy Corporation, Salt Lake City, Utah, overseeing that company s contract manufacturing
printed circuit board assembly division. In addition, he was responsible for developing and implementing Tandy s facility Quality
Control and Processing Plan model. Mr. Hawatmeh earned an MBA from University of Phoenix and a BS in Electrical and Computer Engineering
from Brigham Young University. 

Kathryn
Hollinger 

Kathryn
Hollinger has been with CirTran since 2000 as our controller, except for a brief period during 2017 in which she also acted as chief
executive officer. She has been involved with the day-to-day accounting and finance functions throughout her term with us. Ms. Hollinger
studied mathematics and accounting at Northridge University (now Cal. State University Northridge) in California. 

Election
of Directors and Officers 

Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers
are appointed to serve until the meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their
successors have been elected and qualified. 

Committees
of the Board 

We
currently do not have nominating, compensation, or audit committees or committees performing similar functions and we do not have a written
nominating, compensation, or audit committee charter. Our board of directors believes that it is not necessary to have these committees,
at this time, because the directors can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

15 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers, and persons that own more than 10 of a registered class of our
equity securities to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
of our equity securities. Officers, directors, and greater than 10 stockholders are required to furnish us with copies of all Section
16(a) forms they file. 

Based
solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4, and 5 and amendments thereto filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for the year
ended December 31, 2022, no person that, at any time during the most recent fiscal year, was a director, officer, beneficial owner of
more than 10 of any class of our equity securities, or any other person known to be subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act failed
to file, on a timely basis, reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, except that two officers failed to report options
earned and options that expired during the fiscal year. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
expect that all directors, officers, and employees will maintain a high level of integrity in their dealings with us and on our behalf
and will act in our best interests. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that provides principles of conduct and ethics
for our directors, officers, and employees. This Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.cirtran.com under Investor
Relations Corporate Governance. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth, for each of our last two completed fiscal years, the dollar value of all cash and noncash compensation earned
by any person who was our principal executive officer and each of our three most highly compensated other executive officers or persons
who were serving in such capacities during the preceding fiscal year Named Executive Officers ): 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year Ended Dec. 31 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Award(s) ) 
 Option
 Awards ) (1) 
 Non Equity Incentive Plan Compen-
 sation 
 Change in Pension Value and Non-
 Qualified Deferred Compen- sation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compen- sation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 

Iehab J. Hawatmeh (1) 
 2022 
 345,000 
 - 
 - 
 293 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 15,600 (3) 
 360,893 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 345,000 
 - 
 - 
 139 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 15,600 (3) 
 360,739 

Kathryn Hollinger (4) 
 2022 
 55,000 
 - 
 - 
 98 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 5,000 (5) 
 60,098 

2021 
 55,000 
 10,000 
 - 
 46 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 5,000 (5) 
 70,046 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Hawatmeh accrued 296,500 of his salary in 2022 and 2021. 

16 

(2) 
 The
 amount is the fair value of the option awards on the date of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
 Standards Codification Topic 718. See note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 

(3) 
 Includes
 12,000 for car allowance for each of 2022 and 2021 and 3,600 and 3,600 for medical insurance premiums for 2022 and 2021. 

(4) 
 Ms.
 Hollinger s compensation listed in this table is for her services as our controller. 

(5) 
 Fees
 accrued as director compensation. 

Employment
Agreements Change in Control 

We
engage Iehab Hawatmeh, our president and chief executive officer, through an employment agreement entered in August 2009 and amended
in September 2017, with a salary in an amount and commencement date to be determined. In July 2017, Mr. Hawatmeh resigned all positions
with us to pursue other business activities, thereby effectively terminating the agreement. However, in September 2017, we reinstated
Mr. Hawatmeh to his previous positions and reinstated his employment agreement. Among other things, the reinstated employment agreement:
(a) grants options to purchase a minimum of 6,000 shares of our stock each year, with an exercise price equal to the market price of
our common stock as of the grant date, for the maximum term allowed under our stock option plan; (b) provides for health insurance coverage,
cell phone, car allowance, life insurance, and director and officer liability insurance, as well as any other bonus approved by our board;
(c) includes additional incentive compensation as follows: (i) a quarterly bonus equal to 5 of our earnings before interest, taxes,
depreciation and amortization for the applicable quarter; (ii) bonuses equal to 1 of the net purchase price of any acquisitions we complete
that are directly generated and arranged by Mr. Hawatmeh; and (iii) an annual bonus (payable quarterly) equal to 1 of our gross sales
of all products, net of returns and allowances. All cash amounts payable to Mr. Hawatmeh more than an aggregate of 120,000 per year
are accrued and will not be paid until the secured convertible debenture is paid or converted to common stock. 

Pursuant
to the employment agreement, Mr. Hawatmeh s employment may be terminated for cause, or upon death or disability, in which event
we are required to pay him any unpaid base salary and unpaid earned bonuses. In the event that Mr. Hawatmeh is terminated without cause,
we are required to pay to him: (i) within 30 days following such termination, any benefit, incentive, or equity plan, program, or practice
paid when such would have been paid to him if employed (the Accrued Obligations (ii) within 30 days following such termination
(or on the earliest later date as may be required by Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable), a lump sum equal to
30 months annual base salary; (iii) bonuses owing for the two-year period after the date of termination (net of any bonus amounts
paid as Accrued Obligations) based on actual results for the applicable quarters and fiscal years; and (iv) within 12 months following
such termination (or on the earliest later date as may be required by Internal Revenue Code Section 409A to the extent applicable), a
lump sum equal to 30 months annual base salary; provided that if Mr. Hawatmeh is terminated without cause in contemplation of,
or within one year, after a change in control, then two times his annual base salary and bonus payment amounts. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we accrued for 6,000 and 6,000 stock options, respectively, relating to this employment agreement.
The fair market value of the options issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 293 and 139, respectively. 

17 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The
following table summarizes information regarding unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards owned
by the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised
 Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexer- cisable (1) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexer- cised Unearned Options(#) 
 Option Exercise Price( 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares
 or Units of Stock Held
 That Have Not Vested(#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of
 Stock That Have Not Vested( 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number
 of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested(#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market
 or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested( 

Iehab Hawatmeh 
 
 6,000 
 
 0.10 
 01/20/23 

Kathryn Hollinger 
 
 2,000 
 
 0.10 
 01/20/23 

Iehab Hawatmeh 
 
 6,000 
 
 0.10 
 04/01/24 

Kathryn Hollinger 
 
 2,000 
 
 0.10 
 04/01/24 

Iehab Hawatmeh 
 
 6,000 
 
 0.01 
 01/06/25 

Kathryn Hollinger 
 
 2,000 
 
 0.01 
 01/06/25 

Iehab Hawatmeh 
 
 6,000 
 
 0.01 
 01/06/26 

Kathryn Hollinger 
 
 2,000 
 
 0.01 
 01/06/26 

Iehab Hawatmeh 
 
 6,000 
 
 0.01 
 01/03/27 

Kathryn Hollinger 
 
 2,000 
 
 0.01 
 01/03/27 

Director
Compensation 

Except
for Iehab Hawatmeh, who is also our chief executive officer, we pay our directors 5,000 per year to serve on our board. 

18 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information, as of March 17, 2023, respecting the beneficial ownership of our outstanding common stock
by: (i) any holder of more than 5 ; (ii) each of the Named Executive Officers (defined as any person who was principal executive officer
during the preceding fiscal year and each other highest compensated executive officers earning more than 100,000 during the last fiscal
year) and directors; and (iii) our directors and Named Executive Officers as a group, based on 4,945,417 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Name
 of Person or Group (1) 
 Nature of Ownership 
 Amount 
 Percent 

Principal Stockholders: 

Iehab J. Hawatmeh 
 Common stock 
 211,554 
 4.3 

Options (2) 
 30,000 

241,554 
 4.7 

Directors: 

Iehab J. Hawatmeh 
 Common stock 
 211,554 
 4.3 

Options (2) 
 30,000 

241,554 
 4.7 

Kathryn Hollinger 
 Common stock 
 26,003 

Options (3) 
 10,000 

36,003 

All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (2 persons): 
 Common stock 
 237,557 
 4.8 

Options (2)(3) 
 40,000 

Total 
 277,557 
 5.4 

Less
 than one percent. 
 
 (1) 
 Address
 for all stockholders is 6360 S Pecos Road, Suite 8, Las Vegas, NV 89120. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes
 options to purchase shares that have been accrued for services provided during the preceding fiscal years and that have not expired.
 These options can be exercised any time at exercise prices ranging from 0.10 to 0.01 per share. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes
 options to purchase shares that have been accrued for services provided the preceding fiscal years and that have not expired. These
 options can be exercised any time at exercise prices ranging from 0.10 to 0.01 per share. 

The
persons named in the above table have sole voting and dispositive power respecting all shares beneficially owned, subject to community
property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he or she possesses sole or shared voting or investment power
over that security. Each director, officer, or 5 or more stockholder has furnished the information respecting beneficial ownership. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, which generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons
who possess sole or shared voting power and/or investment power with respect to those securities. Unless otherwise indicated, voting
and investment power are exercised solely by the person named above or shared with members of such person s household. This includes
any shares such person has the right to acquire within 60 days. 

Changes
in Control 

There
are no arrangements, known to us, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change in our control. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information
is set forth below for any transaction during the preceding fiscal year to which we were a party and in which any of our officers and
directors or any holder of more than 10 of any class of our stock had or is deemed to have a material interest. 

19 

Related-Party
Transactions 

In
2007, we issued a 10 promissory note to a family member of our president in exchange for 300,000. The note was due on demand after
May 2008. There were no repayments made during the periods presented. At December 31, 2022, the principal amount owing on the note was
 151,833. No demand for payment has been made. 

On
March 31, 2008, we issued to this same family member, along with two other company shareholders, promissory notes totaling 315,000 105,000
each). These notes accrue interest at 12 per annum and are due on demand. We made no payments towards the outstanding notes during 2022.
The principal balance owing on the notes as of December 31, 2022, of 72,466 is included in liabilities from discontinued operations. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we made repayments to related parties of 154,832 had other noncash reductions of 422,315. There were
 21,882 of short-term advances due to related parties as of December 31, 2022. The advances are due on demand and included in current
liabilities. No demand for payment has been made. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we owed our president a total of 433,379 in unsecured advances due on demand. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we owed 13,740 to a related party through trade payables incurred in the normal course of business. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net decrease in deposits with a related-party inventory supplier totaling 330,591. The related
party is an entity controlled by our chief executive officer. All transactions were at a 2 markup over the related-party s cost
paid for inventory in arm s-length transactions. Total inventory purchases from the related party were 341,734 during the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Director
Independence 

Under
the definition of independent directors found in Nasdaq Rule 5605(a)(2), which is the definition we have chosen to apply, none of our
directors is independent. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
firm of has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since July 2020. 

Audit
Fees 

For
our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we were billed approximately 34,000 for professional services rendered for the audit and reviews
of our consolidated financial statements. For our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we were billed approximately 18,000 for professional
services rendered for the audit and reviews of our consolidated financial statements. 

Audit
Related Fees 

For
our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not incur any audit-related fees. 

Tax
Fees 

For
our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were not billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice,
and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees 

We
did not incur any other fees related to services rendered by our principal accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

20 

Audit
and Non-Audit Service Preapproval Policy 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, our board of
directors has adopted an informal approval policy that it believes will result in an effective and efficient procedure to preapprove
services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

All
professional services rendered by principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements that are normally provided by
the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last two fiscal years were approved by our board
of directors. 

Audit
Services 

Audit
services include the annual financial statement audit (including quarterly reviews) and other procedures required to be performed by
the independent registered public accounting firm to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements. The board of
directors preapproves specified annual audit services engagement terms and fees and other specified audit fees. All other audit services
must be specifically preapproved by the board of directors. The board of directors monitors the audit services engagement and may approve,
if necessary, any changes in terms, conditions, and fees resulting from changes in audit scope or other items. 

Audit-Related
Services 

Audit-related
services are assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated
financial statements, which historically have been provided to us by the independent registered public accounting firm and are consistent
with the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules on auditor independence. The board of directors preapproves specified audit-related
services within preapproved fee levels. All other audit-related services must be preapproved by the board of directors. 

Tax
Services 

The
board of directors preapproves specified tax services that it believes would not impair the independence of the independent registered
public accounting firm and that are consistent with Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and guidance. The board of directors
must specifically approve all other tax services. 

All
Other Services 

Other
services are services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that do not fall within the established audit, audit-related,
and tax services categories. The board of directors preapproves specified other services that do not fall within any of the specified
prohibited categories of services. 

Procedures 

All
proposals for services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, which must include a detailed description
of the services to be rendered and the amount of corresponding fees, are submitted to the board of directors and the chief financial
officer. The chief financial officer authorizes services that have been preapproved by the board of directors. The chief financial officer
submits requests or applications to provide services that have not been preapproved by board of directors, which must include an affirmation
by the chief financial officer and the independent registered public accounting firm that the request or application is consistent with
the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules on auditor independence, to board of directors for approval. 

21 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS and FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Title
 of Document 
 
 Location 

Item
 3. 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation and Bylaws 

3.01 
 
 Articles of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 17, 2000 

3.02 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 18, 2011 

3.03 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of CirTran Corporation 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 18, 2011 

3.04 
 
 Second Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of CirTran Corporation 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 8, 2015 

Item
 4. 
 
 Instruments
 Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Debentures 

4.01 
 
 Specimen stock certificate 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed May 29, 2020 

4.02 
 
 Amended, Restated, and Consolidated Secured Convertible Debenture No. TK-1 in the amount of 3,437,798 payable to Tekfine, LLC 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11, 2018 

4.03 
 
 Secured Convertible Debenture No. TK-2 in the amount of 200,000 payable to Tekfine, LLC 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11, 2018 

4.04 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Secured Convertible Debenture between CirTran Corporation and Tekfine, LLC, effective April 20, 2018 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the registration statement on Form 10 filed May 11, 2018 

4.05 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Secured Convertible Debenture between CirTran Corporation and Tekfine, LLC, effective May 12, 2020 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed May 29, 2020 

Item
 10. 
 
 Material
 Contracts 

10.42 
 
 Employment Agreement with Iehab Hawatmeh dated August 1, 2009 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed April 30, 2012 

10.49 
 
 CirTran Corporation 2013 Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed August 26, 2013 

10.53 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement with Iehab J. Hawatmeh 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the registration statement on Form 10/A filed June 18, 2018 

10.55 
 
 Exclusive Manufacturing and Distribution Agreement dated December 30, 2019 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 27, 2020 

10.56 
 
 Commercial Lease dated November 29, 2019 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 27, 2020 

22 

Item
 21. 
 
 Schedule
 of Subsidiaries 

21.01 
 
 Schedule of Subsidiaries 
 
 Incorporated
 by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed May 29, 2020 

Item
 31. 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 

31.01 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 
 
 This
 filing 

Item
 32 
 
 Section
 1350 Certifications 

32.01 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 This
 filing 

Item
 101 
 
 Interactive
 Data File 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 This
 filing 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 This
 filing 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 This
 filing 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 This
 filing 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 This
 filing 

All
 exhibits are numbered with the number preceding the decimal indicating the applicable SEC reference number in Item 601 and the number
 following the decimal indicating the sequence of the document. Omitted numbers in the sequence refer to documents previously filed
 with the SEC as exhibits to previous filings, but no longer required. 

Identifies
 each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed. 

Users
 of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part
 of a registration statement or Annual Report for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the
 Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CIRTRAN
 CORPORATION 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Iehab Hawatmeh 

Iehab
 Hawatmeh, President 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Executive 

Officer,
 Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Iehab Hawatmeh 

Iehab
 Hawatmeh, Director, President 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Executive 

Officer,
 Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Kathryn Hollinger 

Kathryn
 Hollinger, Director 

24 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 ex31-01.htm

Exhibit
31.01 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 

I,
Iehab Hawatmeh, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CirTran Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
April 17, 2023 

/s/
 Iehab Hawatmeh 

Iehab
 Hawatmeh 

Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-32.01>
 3
 ex32-01.htm

Exhibit
32.01 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of CirTran Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Iehab Hawatmeh, Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

/s/
 Iehab Hawatmeh 

Iehab
 Hawatmeh 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

April 17, 2023 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and
will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cirx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cirx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cirx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cirx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

