<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230410_10-K_edgar_data_1907223_0001213900-23-028625.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4156515</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190247</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>863732</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>889290</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1083952</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1028772</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-028625.hdr.sgml : 20230410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230410170036
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-028625
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230410

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Redwoods Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001907223
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				862727441
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41340
		FILM NUMBER:		23811684

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1115 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-916-5315

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1115 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		12TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10010

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-028625.txt : 20230410

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_redwoodsacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended ,

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) incorporation or organization) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each Unit consisting of one share of Common Stock, one Redeemable Warrant and one Right RWODU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock RWODW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights, each Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock RWODR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be 

submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such fi les). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes
 No 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million. 

As of April 7, 2023, there were 
shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

REDWOODS ACQUISITION CORP. 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 7 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 7 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 7 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 7 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 7 
 
 PART II 
 
 8 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 8 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 8 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 8 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 16 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 16 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 16 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 16 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 16 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 16 
 
 PART III 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 17 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 21 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 21 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 22 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 24 
 
 PART IV 
 
 25 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 25 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 26 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

References to the
Company, RWOD, our, us or we refer to Redwoods Acquisition Corp., a blank
check company incorporated in Delaware on March 16, 2021. References to our Sponsor refer to Redwoods Capital LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company. References to our IPO refer to the initial public offering of Redwoods Acquisition Corp., which
closed on April 4, 2022. 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical
are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
for example, statements about our: 

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following
our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest
with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account
balance; or 

financial performance following our IPO. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those
projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when
management knows or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to herein
as an initial business combination. Our sponsor is Redwoods Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Sponsor ).
Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region, although we
intend to focus on the carbon neutral and energy storage industries. We do not have any specific business combination under consideration
or contemplation, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, contacted any prospective target business or had any discussions, formal
or otherwise, with respect to such a transaction. We will not undertake an initial business combination with any entity with principal
business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

The registration statement
for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering, or IPO was declared effective on March 30,
2022. On April 4, 2022, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 10,000,000 units (the public units ), each Public Unit
consisting of one share of common stock, 0.0001 par value Common Stock ), one redeemable warrant entitling the holder thereof
to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share and one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Common Stock
upon the consummation of an initial business combination. The public units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per public unit, generating
gross proceeds of 100,000,000. The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional units to cover
over-allotments, if any. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we sold to the Sponsor and Chardan Capital Markets LLC, the representative of the underwriters in the IPO Chardan ),
in a private placement, 377,500 units and 100,000 units, respectively (the private units ), at 10.00 per private unit, generating
total gross proceeds of 4,775,000. The private units are identical to the public units, except that the private warrants will be non-redeemable
and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by their initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees. 

On April 7, 2022, the underwriters
exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased 1,500,000 public units at a price of 10.00 per public unit, generating gross
proceeds of 15,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of an additional aggregate
of 52,500 private units with the Sponsor and Chardan at a price of 10.00 per private unit, generating total proceeds of 525,000. 

Transaction costs relating
to the IPO amounted to approximately 8.4 million, consisting of approximately 2.9 million of underwriting fees, approximately 4.3 million
of deferred underwriting fees (payable only upon completion of an initial business combination) and approximately 1.2 million of other
offering costs. 

Upon the closing of the IPO
and the sale of private units on April 4, 2022, and the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the additional private units
on April 7, 2022, a total of 116,150,000 was placed in a trust account (the trust account located in the United States
with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as a trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities, within
the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of one hundred eighty-five (185) days or less,
or in money market funds meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations, as determined by the Company. These funds will not be released until the earlier of the completion of the initial
business combination and the distribution of the trust account as otherwise permitted under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

1 

We have until July 4, 2023
to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate an initial business
combination by such date, our sponsor or its affiliates may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination five times
by an additional one month each time (for a total of 20 months to complete a business combination) (the combination period ).
In order to extend the time available for us to consummate an initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees,
within two business days prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 120,000 for each subsequent one-month
extension. 

If we are unable to complete
an initial business combination within the combination period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable, and less certain amount of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of
other applicable law. 

Extension and Redemptions 

On March 31, 2023, we held
a special meeting of stockholders, at which the Company s stockholders approved (i) an amendment to the Company s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (the Extension Amendment and (ii) an amendment (the Trust Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, as trustee, extending the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from April 4, 2023 to July 4, 2023,
with the ability to further extend the deadline on a monthly basis up to five times from July 4, 2023 to December 4, 2023. In connection
with the stockholders vote at the special meeting, an aggregate of 6,103,350 shares of the Company s common stock were tendered
for redemption. 

Subject upon stockholder
approval of the Extension Amendment and the Trust Amendment, Redwoods Capital LLC, or any of their respective affiliates or designees,
agreed to deposit into the trust account 360,000 for the initial three-month extension and 120,000 per month for each subsequent one-month
extension. The extension payment(s) will bear no interest and will be repayable by the Company to the contributors upon consummation of
an initial business combination. The loans will be forgiven by the contributors if the Company is unable to consummate an initial business
combination except to the extent of any funds held outside of the trust account. 

Our Company 

We are a blank check company
formed under the laws of the State of Delaware for the purpose of entering into an initial business combination. To date, our efforts
have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to our Initial Public Offering and search for an initial
business combination target. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic
region, although we intend to focus on the carbon neutral and energy storage industries. We will not undertake an initial business combination
with any entity with principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Our Management Team 

Our management team is comprised
of Jiande Chen, our Chief Executive Officer; Edward Cong Wang, our Chief Financial Officer; Raymond J. Gibbs, our Audit Committee Chair;
and Wei Kwang Ng and Hong Li, our independent directors. 

Jiande Chen, our Chief Executive Officer, served as the Chief Executive
Officer and Vice Chairman of IMAX China (HKG:1970). Mr. Chen successfully led the team that completed its initial public offering in October
2015. Mr. Wang has over 10 years of experience in investments. Raymond J. Gibbs, our Audit Committee Chair, has more than 20 years of
experience in high technology and fast moving consumer goods businesses across the primary and secondary capital markets. Wei Kwang Ng,
our independent director, has over 10 years of experience in business management and consulting experience across marketing, banking and
legal services. Hong Li, our independent director, has 25 years of executive management experiences in financial industry in U.S. and
China. We believe our team has the required investment, transactional and operational expertise to effect a business combination with
an attractive target and to position it for long-term success in the public markets. 

2 

Investment Criteria 

We have identified the following
general criteria and guidelines as we evaluate prospective target companies. 

Large underpenetrated markets with favorable industry dynamics . We intend to actively look for
suitable investment opportunities within the carbon neutral and energy storage sector with an enterprise value of approximately 250 million
to 1 billion. We will prioritize targets that are already benefiting from or capitalizing on trends found within their respective sectors. 

Strong management team . The strength of the management team will be an important component in our
review process. We will seek to partner with a visionary, experienced and professional management team that has demonstrated a track record
of driving growth, strategic decision making and long-term value creation. 

Defensible market position with sustainable competitive advantage . We intend to favor targets that
have a strong competitive advantage or are category leaders in their respective verticals. We will target companies that have strong intellectual
property, technology, or brand equity within their respective sectors that can be further monetized on a global basis. 

Benefit from being a public company . We intend to only acquire businesses that would benefit from
being publicly traded in the United States, including access to broader sources of capital and expanded market awareness. This improved
access to capital could allow the targets to accelerate growth, pursue new projects, retain and hire employees, and expand into new geographies
or businesses. 

While we intend to use these
criteria in evaluating the attractiveness of potential business combination opportunities, we may ultimately decide to enter into an initial
business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business
combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does
not meet the above criteria and guidelines in stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in
the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as the review of
financial and other information which will be made available to us. We will also utilize our operational and capital allocation experience.
Our acquisition criteria, due diligence processes, and value creation methods are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating
to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as
other considerations, factors, and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We believe that the operational
and transactional experience of our management team and their respective affiliates, and the relationships they have developed as a result
of such experience, will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. These individuals and entities
have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through sourcing, acquiring
and financing businesses, relationships with sellers, financing sources, and target management teams and experience in executing transactions
under varying economic and financial market conditions. We believe that these networks of contacts and relationships will provide us important
sources of investment opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates may be brought to our attention from various
unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest
noncore assets or divisions. 

Our acquisition criteria,
due diligence processes and value creation methods are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular
initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors
and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

In the event that we decide
to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose
that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination,
which would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

3 

Other Acquisition Considerations 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly
renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm that our initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity, or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire, or from an independent accounting firm
that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders
will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used
to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another.
Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial
business combination. 

Members of our management
team may directly or indirectly own our common stock and/or private placement units of our Company, and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Each of our directors and
officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities to such entity.
Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware law, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition
opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need
to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity, and only present it to
us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to his or her
fiduciary duties under Delaware law, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such
opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity
is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. We do not believe,
however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers would materially undermine our ability to complete
our business combination. 

There is no restriction in
the geographic location of targets we can pursue, provided that we shall not undertake our initial business combination with any entity
with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We will seek to identify targets that are likely to provide
attractive financial returns through business combinations. We have yet to determine a time frame, an investment amount or any other criteria,
which would trigger our search for business opportunities outside of United States. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that
our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to
at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at
the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able
to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or
an independent accounting firm. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial
business combination. 

4 

We have until July 4, 2023
to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate an initial business
combination by such date, our sponsor or its affiliates may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination five times
by an additional one month each time (for a total of 20 months to complete a business combination) (the combination period ).
In order to extend the time available for us to consummate an initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees,
within two business days prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 120,000 for each subsequent one-month
extension. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within the combination period, we will,
as promptly as possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of our outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion
of the funds held in the trust account, including a pro rata portion of any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes, and then seek to liquidate and dissolve. However, we may not be able to distribute
such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. In the event of our
liquidation and subsequent dissolution, the public warrants and public rights will expire and will be worthless. 

We will either (1) seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose, at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares,
regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us
by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision
as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of our proposed business combination or allow stockholders to sell their shares to us
in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Any tender offer documents used in connection
with a business combination will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. 

Pursuant to the Nasdaq listing
rules, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value of at least
80 of the value of the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned
on the trust account), which we refer to as the 80 test, at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination.
We are not required to obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated third party that the target business we select has a fair market value in
excess of at least 80 of the balance of the trust account unless our board of directors cannot make such determination on its own. If
we are no longer listed on Nasdaq, we will not be required to satisfy the 80 test. 

5 

We anticipate structuring
our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire
100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination
such that the post-transaction company owns less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain
objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if
the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise owns a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders
prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior
to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test.
If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses. 

Emerging Growth Company Status and Other Information 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any
golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less
active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period until we are no longer an emerging growth company. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial
Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end
of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during
the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the
JOBS Act. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed
fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second
fiscal quarter. 

6 

Employees 

We have two executive officers.
They are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary
to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected
for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once management locates
a suitable target business to acquire, they will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the
business combination (and consequently spend more time to our affairs) than they would prior to locating a suitable target business. We
presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business (which could
range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business to a majority of their time as we move into
serious negotiations with a target business for a business combination). We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the
consummation of a business combination. 

For additional discussion
of the general development of our business, see our final IPO prospectus filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain our
principal executive offices at 1115 Broadway, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10010, and our telephone number is (646) 916-5315. The cost for
this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee that we pay to Redwoods Capital LLC. We consider our current office space, combined
with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal
proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any
material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim,
or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

7 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our units began to trade
on The Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol RWODU on or about April 5, 2022, and the shares of common stock,
warrants and rights began separate trading on Nasdaq under the symbols RWOD, RWODW and RWODR, 
respectively, on or about April 29, 2022. 

Holders of Record 

As of April 7, 2023, there were
8,801,650 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 10 holders of record. The number of record holders
was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are
held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination will be dependent upon our revenues and
earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The
payment of any dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such
time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly,
our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not
currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness
in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree
to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no unregistered
securities to report which have not been previously included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this report
(this Report to we, us or the Company refer to Redwoods Acquisition Corp. References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors. The following discussion and
analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

8 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in Delaware on March 16, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses, which we refer
to herein as our initial business combination or Business Combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective
target business are not limited to any particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on the carbon neutral and
energy storage industries. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering IPO as defined
below) and the private placement of private units (as defined below), our securities, debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt,
in effecting our initial business combination. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities
and those necessary to prepare for our IPO, which is described below, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for an initial
business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents held in the Trust Account, which is described
below. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the
date of our audited financial statements. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, an initial business
combination. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 1,233,352
which consisted of interest earned on the investments held in the Trust Account of 1,656,478and change in fair value of warrant liabilities
of 555,917, offset by general and administrative expenses of 533,992, franchise tax of 123,026, and income tax expense of 322,025.
For the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of 3,559 which consisted of formation costs. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

On April 4, 2022, we completed
our initial public offering IPO of 10,000,000 units (the Public Units ), at 10.00 per Public Unit, generating
gross proceeds of 100,000,000. Each Public Unit consisted of one share of common stock, par value 0.0001, one redeemable warrant and
one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of an initial business combination. Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we completed the sale of 477,500 units (the Private Units in a private placement, at a price
of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 4,775,000. The Private Units are identical to the Public Units sold in the IPO,
except that the private warrants will be non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue
to be held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

We granted the underwriters
in the IPO a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On April 7, 2022, the
underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased an additional 1,500,000 Public Units (the Over-Allotment
Units ), at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 15,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the exercise
of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of 52,500 Private Units (the Over-Allotment Private Units in a private
placement, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 525,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we issued to Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, the representative of the underwriters, for an aggregate of 100.00, an option
(the UPO to purchase up to 345,000 units. The UPO is exercisable at any time, in whole or in part, commencing on the later
of the consummation of the initial business combination and six months from the date of the prospectus for the IPO and expiring on the
fifth anniversary of the date of the prospectus, at a price of 11.50 per unit. 

9 

Following the IPO and the
private placement (including the Over-Allotment Units and the Over-Allotment Private Units), a total of 116,150,000 was placed in a trust
account located in the United States established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders (the Trust Account ).
We incurred 8,365,339 of transaction costs, consisting of 2,875,000 of underwriting fees, 4,312,500 of deferred underwriting fees (payable
only upon completion of an initial business combination) and 1,177,839 of other offering costs. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the Trust
Account of 117,806,478 consisting of securities held in a treasury trust fund that invests in U.S. government securities, 
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less. Interest income on
the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not withdraw any interest
earned on the Trust Account to pay our taxes. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a
target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration
to effect a Business Combination, the remaining funds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business 
operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also
be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our Business Combination
if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the Company had cash of 340,962 and working capital of 299,788 (excluding income tax and franchise tax payable). On March 22 and March
30, 2023, the Sponsor provided a loan of up to 150,000 and 360,000, respectively, to be used, in part, for transaction costs related
to the Business Combination. Until consummation of the Business Combination, we intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account
for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material
agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the
Business Combination. If our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating
a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business
prior to our Business Combination. In this event, our officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds
as may be required. If we consummate an initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust
Account released to us upon consummation of the Business Combination. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may
use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account
would be used for such repayment. The terms of such loans by our initial shareholders, officers and directors, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

The Company has incurred and
expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction
costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination because
it does not have sufficient funds available, the Company will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition,
following the Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, the Company may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet
its obligations. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting
Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until April 4, 2023 (or October 4, 2023, if the Company extends the time
to complete a Business Combination) to complete a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a
Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by such date and an extension has not been requested by
the Sponsor and approved by the Company s stockholders, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the
Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition, the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur and
an extension not be requested by the Sponsor, and potential subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

10 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than as described below. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of our insider
shares, as well as the holders of the private units, the securities underlying the unit purchase option and any securities our insiders,
officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and any shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the underlying private warrants and any shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the underlying the private
rights), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to registration rights agreement. The holders of a majority of these securities
are entitled to make up to two demands (or one demand with respect to the securities underlying the unit purchase option) that we register
such securities. The holders of the majority of the insider shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing
three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the
private units and units issued in payment of working capital loans made to us can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time
commencing on the date that we consummate our initial business combination. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of our initial business combination.
We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We have entered into an administrative
services agreement pursuant to which we will pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month (subject to deferral as described herein) for
office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Underwriting Agreement 

Pursuant to an underwriting
agreement in connection with the IPO, the underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.25 per unit, or 2,875,000 in the
aggregate, upon the closing of the IPO and full exercise of the over-allotment option. In addition, 0.375 per unit, or 4,312,500 in
the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred commissions will become payable
to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject
to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Right of First Refusal 

Subject to certain conditions,
we granted Chardan, for a period of 18 months after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, a right of first
refusal to act as a book-running manager or placement agent, with at least 30 of the economics, for any and all future public and private
equity, equity linked and debt offerings by us or any of our successors or subsidiaries. 

11 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the period reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Investments Held in Trust Account 

As of December 31, 2022,
the assets held in the Trust Account were held in cash and U.S. Treasury securities. The Company classifies its U.S. Treasury securities
as trading securities in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 320, Investments Debt and Equity Securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair
value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in
gain on investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying statement of operations. The estimated fair values of all assets held in
the Trust Account are determined using available market information and classified as Level 1 measurements. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

FASB ASC Topic 820 Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures defines fair value, the methods used to measure fair value and the expanded disclosures about
fair value measurements. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between the buyer and the seller at the measurement date. In determining fair value, the valuation techniques consistent with
the market approach, income approach and cost approach shall be used to measure fair value. FASB ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value
hierarchy for inputs, which represent the assumptions used by the buyer and seller in pricing the asset or liability. These inputs are
further defined as observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs are those that buyer and seller would use in pricing the asset
or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs reflect the Company s assumptions
about the inputs that the buyer and seller would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available
in the circumstances. 

The fair value hierarchy is categorized into three
levels based on the inputs as follows: 

Level 1 
 Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not being applied. Since valuations are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these securities does not entail a significant degree of judgment. 

Level 2 
 Valuations based on (i) quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities, (ii) quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets, (iii) inputs other than quoted prices for the assets or liabilities, or (iv) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market through correlation or other means. 

Level 3 
 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

The fair value of the Company s
certain assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet. The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, and other current assets,
accrued expenses, due to sponsor are estimated to approximate the carrying values as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 due
to the short maturities of such instruments. See Note 9 to financial statements for the disclosure of the Company s assets and liabilities
that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

Warrants 

The Company accounts for
warrants (public warrants or private warrants) as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment
of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and ASC 815,
Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments
pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements
for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s own common shares and
whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s
control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted
at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

12 

For issued or modified warrants
that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of equity at the time
of issuance. For issued or modified warrants that do not meet all the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to
be recorded as liabilities at their initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. Changes in the
estimated fair value of the warrants are recognized as a non-cash gain or loss on the statements of operations. The Company accounts for its public warrants as equity and the private warrants as liabilities. 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common
stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480,
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument
and measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either
within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock
subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section
of our condensed balance sheets. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of
redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount
of shares of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid
in capital equals to zero. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Share 

The Company complies with
accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC 260, Earnings Per Share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to
both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable shares, we first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable
shares and non-redeemable shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less any dividends paid. We
then allocated the undistributed income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable
and non-redeemable shares. Any re-measurement of the accretion to redemption value of the common shares subject to possible redemption
was considered to be dividends paid to the public shareholders. 

Offering Costs 

Offering costs were consisting
principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the IPO
and were charged to stockholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. The Company allocates offering costs between public shares,
public warrants and public rights based on the relative fair values of public shares, public warrants and public rights. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Our management continues
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a
negative effect on the Company s future financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, there
has not been a significant impact as of the date of the financial statements contained in this Report. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the future outcome of this uncertainty. 

Additionally, as a result
of the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic
sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate an initial business combination, or the operations of a target business with which
the Company ultimately consummates an initial business combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the Company s
ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these
events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable
on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact
on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate an initial business combination are not
yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

13 

Securities Held in Trust Account 

The funds in the trust account
have, since the closing of our IPO, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective
test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we intend to
liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the trust account on or prior to March 30, 2024, and
thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or liquidation
of the Company. Following such liquidation, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account.
However, interest previously earned on the funds held in the trust account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain
other expenses as permitted. As a result, any decision to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all
funds in the trust account in cash would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation
of the Company. 

In addition, even prior to
the 24-month anniversary (March 30, 2024) of the effective date of the IPO registration statement, we may be deemed to be an investment
company. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market
funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we may be considered
an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate the Company. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion,
to liquidate the securities held in the trust account at any time, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, and instead hold all funds
in the trust account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or
liquidation of the Company. 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022, President
Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on any domestic corporation
that repurchases its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the fair market value
of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions. Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities trade on Nasdaq, we are a
 covered corporation within the meaning of the Inflation Reduction Act. While not free from doubt, absent any further guidance
from the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury ), who has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance
to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax, the Excise Tax may apply to any redemptions of our common stock after
December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with an initial business combination, extension vote or otherwise, unless an exemption
is available. The Excise Tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holders. Generally, issuances of securities by us
in connection with our initial business combination transaction (including any PIPE transaction at the time of our initial business combination),
as well as any other issuances of securities not in connection with our initial business combination, would be expected to reduce the
amount of the Excise Tax in connection with redemptions occurring in the same calendar year. Whether and to what extent the Company would
be subject to the Excise Tax in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors,
including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business combination, extension vote or
otherwise, (ii) the structure of a business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances
in connection with a business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a business combination but issued within the same
taxable year of a business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. Consequently, the Excise
Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets. Finally, based on recently issued interim
guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and Treasury in Notice 2023-2, subject to certain exceptions, the Excise Tax should not apply
in the event of our liquidation. 

U.S. Foreign Investment Regulations 

Our sponsor, Redwoods Capital
LLC, is controlled by Min Gan, who is a permanent resident of and based in mainland China. We are therefore considered a foreign
person under the regulations administered by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) and will continue
to be considered as such in the future for so long as our sponsor has the ability to exercise control over us for purposes of CFIUS s
regulations. As such, an initial business combination with a U.S. business may be subject to CFIUS review, the scope of which was expanded
by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling
investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent
implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential
initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make
a mandatory filing or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying
CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial
business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order
us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may limit the
attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial
to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may
be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar
foreign ownership issues. 

14 

Moreover, the process of
government review, whether by the CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our initial business combination.
If we cannot complete our initial business combination by July 4, 2023 (or December 4, 2023, if we extend the time to complete a business
combination) because the review process drags on beyond such timeframe or because our initial business combination is ultimately prohibited
by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public shareholders may only receive
 10.10 per share, and our warrants and rights will expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose the investment opportunity in a
target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt 
Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models
that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative
scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces
additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity.
ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible
instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 for the Company and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis,
with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06
would have on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022,
we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Emerging Growth Company Status 

On April 5, 2012, the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other
things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly
traded) companies. We elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new
or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies.
As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as
of public company effective dates. 

As an emerging growth
company, we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal
controls over financial reporting, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public
companies, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory
audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements
(auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These
exemptions will apply for a period of five (5) years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we otherwise no
longer qualify as an emerging growth company. 

15 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not required for smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

This information appears
following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls are procedures
that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying
Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under
the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public
companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in
our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the
most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

16 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth information about
our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jiande Chen 
 
 67 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Edward Cong Wang 
 
 39 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Raymond J. Gibbs 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Wei Kwang Ng 
 
 42 
 
 Director 
 
 Hong Li 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

Jiande Chen has been
our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since January 2022. Mr. Chen has served as a non-executive director at IMAX China
Holding, Inc. (HKG: 1970) since January 2021 and an independent director at Beijing Cultural Investment Development Group Co., Ltd. (SHA:
600715) since June 2017. Mr. Chen is also a member of the board of directors at TCL-IMAX Entertainment Co., Limited, a joint venture of
TCL Corporation and IMAX Corporation. Mr. Chen served as the chief executive officer from August 2011 to December 2019 and the vice chairman
from December 2019 to December 2020 of IMAX China Holding, Inc. (HKG: 1970), and led IMAX China to complete its first initial offering
on Hong Kong Exchanges. Mr. Chen was previously the Senior Vice President, Chief Representative and General Manager of Sony Pictures Entertainment,
China from 2000 to 2011. Mr. Chen received a degree in English Literature from Fudan University in 1982. Mr. Chen received a master s
degree and a Ph.D. degree in Communications from University of Washington in 1987 and 1991, respectively. 

Edward Cong Wang has been our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our board of directors
since January 2022. Mr. Wang has also served as the managing partner at The Balloch (Holding) Group since March 2020. Before that, he
was a partner at Prestige Financial Holdings Group Limited from August 2018 to September 2019. Mr. Wang served as a partner at Shenzhen
Bode Chuangfu Investment Management Co. Ltd., from January 2017 to July 2018. Mr. Wang served as the chief executive officer of ZS Fur
 Leather Fashion Co., a family owned business, from July 2014 to December 2016. Prior to ZS Fur, he worked at Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner Smith Incorporated as a vice president from July 2011 to June 2014. Mr. Wang received a bachelor s degree in Economics/Finance
from Stony Brook State University in 2006 and graduated with a master s degree of Statistics from Columbia University in 2010. 

Raymond J. Gibbs has
been a member of our board of directors since January 2022. He has
spent the last 21 years as chief financial officer or commercial director of high technology and fast moving consumer goods businesses
both in the quoted and private arenas. Mr. Gibbs has co-chaired the UK-China Joint Working Group on Graphene Standardization, organized
by the BSI Group and the China Standards Authority, and he has served as the chairman of planarTECH LLC since July 2019. In addition,
he served as the president of business development and the chief executive officer of Haydale Graphene Industries PLC, a publicly listed
company in the UK, from May 2010 to July 2019. Mr. Gibbs is a Chartered Accountant. Mr. Gibbs received a bachelor s degree from
Nottingham Trent University in 1977. 

Wei Kwang Ng has been
a member of our board of directors since January 2022. He has held the position of Chief Operating Officer of Parcel Santa Pte Ltd since
July 2017. Mr. Ng was the Director of Operations of World Marketing Group Pte Ltd. from March 2019 to March 2020. He was the Managing
Director of LegalFocus Consultants, Inc. from 2011 to 2018. He worked in Merrill Brink International as the project manager from May 2008
to March 2011. Mr. Ng received bachelor s degrees in Business Management with a concentration in Finance and in Economics from Stony
Brook State University in 2007. 

Hong Li has been a
member of our board of directors since February 2022. Mr. Li has served as the CEO at Shanghai Sycamore Asset Management since 2021. Previously,
he was the Chief Digital Officer and Chief Product Strategy Officer of Noah Holdings Limited (NYSE: NOAH) from April 2020 to March 2021.
At the same time period, he was also the Chief Operating Officer in Gopher Asset Management. Before that, Mr. Li had served as the Chief
Product Officer of Lufax Holding Ltd (NYSE: LU) from April 2018 to December 2019 and the Chairman of CITCO Fund Service from May 2010
to November 2015. Mr. Li received a bachelor s degree in Physics from Zhongshan University in 1984, a master s degree in Electronic
Engineering from Zhongshan University in 1989 and a master s degree in Computer Science from University of San Francisco in 1993.
He also achieved Executive certificate in Management and Leadership from MIT in 2010 and EMBA from China Europe International Business
School in 2015. 

17 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of five directors. Each member of our board of directors will be elected at our annual meetings. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our
officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary,
Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq requires that a majority
of our board must be composed of independent directors, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or
employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s
board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Raymond J. Gibbs, Wei Kang Ng and Hong Li are each considered an independent director under the Nasdaq listing
rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

We will only enter into a
business combination if it is approved by a majority of our independent directors. Additionally, we will only enter into transactions
with our officers and directors and their respective affiliates that are on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from
independent parties. Any related-party transactions must also be approved by our audit committee and a majority of disinterested independent
directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors have
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of
independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors, which consists of Raymond J. Gibbs, Wei Kang Ng and Hong Li, each of whom is an independent director
under Nasdaq s listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Raymond J. Gibbs is the Chairperson of the audit
committee. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements,
 and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included
 in our Form 10-K; 

discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments
 made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

18 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for
 the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor,
 including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution
 of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting)
 for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding
 accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving
 reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target
 businesses. 

Financial Experts on Audit Committee 

Pursuant to Nasdaq rules,
the audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate 
as defined under the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to
read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In addition, we must certify
to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting,
requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s
financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Raymond J. Gibbs qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors, which consists of Raymond J. Gibbs, Wei Kang Ng and Hong Li, each of whom is an independent director
under Nasdaq s listing standards. Raymond J. Gibbs is the Chairperson of the compensation committee. The compensation committee s
duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer s performance in light of such goals
 and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive
 Officer and Chief Financial Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

19 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or
other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating Committee 

We have established a corporate
governance and nominating committee (the nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Raymond J. Gibbs,
Wei Kang Ng and Hong Li, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Raymond J. Gibbs is the Chairperson
of the nominating committee. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve
on our board of directors and ensure the Company has and follows appropriate corporate governance practices and standards. The nominating
committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees 

The guidelines for selecting
nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should
 have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
 possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution
 to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds
 to its deliberations; and 

should
 have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication
 to serving the interests of the stockholders 

The nominating committee
will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism
in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills
or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider
the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not
distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles
that govern all aspects of our business. You will be able to review our Code of Ethics by accessing our public filings at the SEC s
web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to
disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

20 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more
than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and
greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting
persons. 

Based solely on our review
of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable
to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into
any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

No executive officer has
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Other than the monthly administrative expenses of 10,000 as described in
this Report, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders,
including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the
consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone
other than our board of directors and audit committee, which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction
if such reimbursement is challenged. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None of our officers currently
serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving
on our board of directors. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
as of April 7, 2023 the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock; (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii)
all of our officers and directors as a group. As of April 7, 2023, we had 8,801,650 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we
believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants or conversion of the rights, as the warrants are not exercisable and the rights are not convertible within 60 days of
April 7, 2023. 

21 

Number of 

Shares 
 Percentage of 

Beneficially 
 Outstanding 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Owned 
 Shares 
 
 Jiande Chen 
 45,000 

Edward Cong Wang 
 35,000 

Raymond J. Gibbs 
 35,000 

Wei Kwang Ng 
 30,000 

Hong Li 
 30,000 

All officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 
 175,000 
 2.0 

Redwoods Capital LLC (2) 
 3,115,000 
 35.4 
 
 MMCAP International Inc. SPC (3) 
 800,000 
 9.1 
 
 MM Asset Management Inc. (3) 
 800,000 
 9.1 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of
the individuals is c/o Redwoods Acquisition Corp., 1115 Broadway 12th Floor, New York, NY 10010. 

(2) Redwoods Capital LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
our sponsor, is controlled by Min Gan. 

(3) Based on a Schedule 13G filed April 7, 2022, MMCAP International
Inc. SPC and MM Asset Management Inc. have shared voting power over these shares. The address of MMCAP International Inc. SPC is c/o
Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, P.O. Box 1348, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108, Cayman Islands and
the address of MM Asset Management Inc. is 161 Bay Street, TD Canada Trust Tower Ste 2240, Toronto, ON M5J 2S1 Canada. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Founder Shares 

On January 4, 2022, we issued
2,875,000 shares of common stock (the insider shares to the Sponsor and certain of our executive officers and directors
for an aggregated consideration of 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share. Prior to the initial investment of 25,000 in us, we had
no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the insider shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed
to us by the aggregate number of insider shares issued. 

Related Party Loans 

On January 4, 2022 and February
28, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to an aggregate amount of 200,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection
with the IPO (the promissory notes ). The promissory notes were unsecured, interest-free and due on the closing the IPO.
We repaid the outstanding balance of 200,000 to the Sponsor on April 7 and April 8, 2022. 

On March 22, 2023, we issued
an unsecured, non-interest bearing promissory note in the principal amount of up to 150,000 to Redwoods Capital LLC, the Company s
sponsor. The note is payable upon the closing of the Company s initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. The
holder of the note, in its sole discretion, may convert any or all of the unpaid principal under the note into private units of the Company,
at a price of 10.00 per unit, upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. 

On March 30, 2023, we issued
an unsecured, non-interest bearing promissory note in the principal amount of up to 360,000 to Redwoods Capital LLC, the Company s
sponsor. The note is payable upon the closing of the Company s initial business combination or the liquidation of the Company. The
holder of the note, in its sole discretion, may convert any or all of the unpaid principal under the note into private units of the Company,
at a price of 10.00 per unit, upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. 

Working Capital Loans 

In order to meet our working
capital needs following the consummation of the IPO and in connection with an intended initial business combination, our insiders, officers,
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable
in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial
business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 500,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation
of our business combination into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. If we do not complete a business combination, any outstanding
loans from our insiders, officers and directors or their affiliates, will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside our trust account,
if any. 

22 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We have agreed to pay the
Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services commencing on the date that
the securities were first listed on the Nasdaq, subject to deferral until consummation of our initial business combination. Any such unpaid
amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of initial business combination.
Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying. 

General 

No compensation or fees of
any kind, including finder s fees, consulting fees, or other similar compensation, will be paid to our insiders or any of the members
of our management team, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination
(regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due
diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations
of prospective target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by
us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest
income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business
combination. 

All ongoing and future transactions
between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable
to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority
of our uninterested independent directors, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel.
We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine
that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction
from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires
us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except
under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in
which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries
is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner
of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity).
A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her
work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper
personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

We also require each of our
directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about
related party transactions. 

Our audit committee, pursuant
to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions.
All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed
by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval
by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, or the members of our board who do not
have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We
will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors
determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such
a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

23 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize potential
conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate a business combination with an entity which is affiliated with any of our insiders
unless we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders
from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will any of our existing officers, directors or insiders, or any entity with
which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see Part III,
Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The firm of Friedman LLP,
or Friedman, acted as our independent registered public accounting firm from March 16, 2021 (inception) until October 11, 2022. Based
on information provided by Friedman, effective September 1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum LLP, or Marcum, and continued to operate
as an independent registered public accounting firm. Friedman continued to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm
through October 11, 2022. On October 11, 2022, our audit committee dismissed Friedman and engaged Marcum to serve as our independent registered
public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2022, effective immediately. The following is a summary of fees paid to Friedman
and Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . For the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for Friedman were approximately
 75,000 and 0, respectively, for the services Friedman performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the audit of our
financial for the period from January 1, 2022 to January 10, 2022 and for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December
31, 2021, and two interim reviews. For the year ended December 31, 2022, fees for Marcum were approximately 35,750 25,750 for the audit,
and 10,000 for the review), for the services Marcum performed in connection with the audit of our December 31, 2022 financial statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and one review. 

Audit-Related Fees. 
For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered
public accounting firms did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax Fees. For the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered
public accounting firms did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements. 

All Other Fees . For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed
for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firms other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

24 

part
IV 

ITEM 15 . EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

None. 

(3) Exhibits 

The following exhibits are
filed with this report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated April 4, 2023, to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2023). 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 filed with Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on March 10, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on March 25, 2022). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on March 10, 2022). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on March 25, 2022). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 filed with Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on March 25, 2022). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 4.7 
 
 Unit Purchase Option, dated April 4, 2022, issued by the Company to Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 4.8 
 
 Description of Securities 

25 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreements, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Company and each of the Company s officers, directors and initial stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and among the Company, Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the initial stockholders of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and among the Company, the initial stockholders of the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Redwoods Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Subscription Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Company and each of the directors and officers of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, by and between the Company and Redwoods Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2022). 

10.9 
 
 Promissory Note to Redwoods Capital LLC, dated March 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on March 28, 2023). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Promissory Note to Redwoods Capital LLC, dated March 30, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2023). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Amendment to the Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated April 4, 2023, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on April 4, 2023). 

14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 filed with Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on March 10, 2022) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear
 in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. This certification is being furnished solely
to accompany this report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filings of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date
hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

ITEM 16 . FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: April 10, 2023 
 REDWOODS ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Jiande Chen 

Name: 
 Jiande Chen 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jiande Chen 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April 10, 2023 
 
 Jiande Chen 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Edward Cong Wang 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 April 10, 2023 
 
 Edward Cong Wang 
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Raymond J. Gibbs 
 
 Director 
 
 April 10, 2023 
 
 Raymond J. Gibbs 

/s/ Wei Kwang Ng 
 
 Director 
 
 April 10, 2023 
 
 Wei Kwang Ng 

/s/ Hong Li 
 
 Director 
 
 April 10, 2023 
 
 Hong Li 

27 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID 688) F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-3 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Redwoods Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Redwoods Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit and cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital
as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to
be one year from the issuance date of the financial. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1 . The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide s a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 (such date
takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022) 

East Hanover, NJ 
April 10, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholder of 

Redwoods Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Redwoods Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholder s
equity and cash flows for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from March
16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, its business
plan is dependent on the completion of a financing and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2021 are not sufficient
to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 3. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

Friedman LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
from 2021 through 2022. 

January 31, 2022 

F- 3 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at conversion value of per share 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Temporary Equity, and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 
 For the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on investment held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Deferred income taxes provision 

Income taxes provision 

Net income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable common stock

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable common stock

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Common stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2022 

Common stock issued to initial stockholders 

Sale of public units in initial public offering 

Sale of private placement units 

Sale of unit purchase option to underwriter 

Underwriter commissions 

Offering costs 

Warrant Liabilities 

Reclassification of common stock subject to redemption 

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net income for the year 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

For
the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of March 16, 2021 (inception) 

Net loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in current assets and current liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Deferred income tax liability 

Formation costs paid by related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in Trust Account 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of insider shares to the initial stockholders 

Proceeds from sale of public units through public offering 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 

Proceeds from sale of unit purchase option 

Proceeds from issuance of promissory note to related party 

Repayment of promissory note to related party 

Repayment of advance from related party 

Payment of underwriters commissions 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Financing Activities 

Initial classification of common stock subject to redemption 

Initial recognition of warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Allocation of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 

Accretion of Common stock to redemption value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units at an offering price of per unit (the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of .
Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company sold to the Sponsor and Chardan Capital Markets LLC Chardan ),
in a private placement, units and units, respectively, at per unit (the Private Units ), generating
total gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 5. 

additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any.
On April 7, 2022, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased Public Units at a price of 
per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment option, the Company
consummated the sale of an additional aggregate of Private Units with the Sponsor and Chardan at a price of per Private
Unit, generating total proceeds of . 

, consisting of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees (payable only upon
completion of a Business Combination) and of other offering costs. 

was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company as a trustee and will be invested only in U.S. government securities with
a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), and that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The
funds in the Trust Account will not be released until the earlier of the completion of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation
due to the Company s failure to complete a Business Combination within the applicable period of time. The proceeds deposited in
the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims
of the Company s public stockholders. In addition, interest income earned on the funds in the Trust Account may be released to
the Company to pay its income or other tax obligations. With these exceptions, expenses incurred by the Company may be paid prior to
a Business Combination only from the net proceeds of the IPO and private placement not held in the Trust Account. 

F- 8 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
the Company to pay its franchise and income tax obligations). 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the
Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

F- 9 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. 

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, provided
that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all
rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable), nor will it apply to any claims under the
Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

and a working capital of (excluding income tax and franchise tax payable as the taxes will be paid out of the Trust
Account). On March 22 and March 30, 2023, the Sponsor provided a loan of up to and , respectively, to be used, in part,
for transaction costs related to the Business Combination (see Note 6). The Company has until July 4, 2023 (or December 4, 2023, if the
time to complete a business combination is extended as described herein) to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the
Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, there
will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. 

F- 10 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 11 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and in cash and did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to stockholders 
equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

F- 13 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Net loss including accretion of common stock to redemption value 

Accretion of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to redemption value 

Allocation of net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock

F- 14 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 15 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

cash and U.S. Treasury securities. The Company did not have a Trust Account
at December 31, 2021. 

Public Units at per
Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 
additional Public Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On April 7, 2022, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full
and purchased Public Units at a price of per Public Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Each Public Unit
consists of one share of common stock Public Share ), one right Public Right and one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Right will convert into one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon the consummation
of a Business Combination. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of per share,
subject to adjustment. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination or 12 months from the closing of the IPO, and will expire after the completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Public Shares sold as part of the Public Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the
redemption of such Public Shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection
with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with the Company s
liquidation. In accordance with the SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC
480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified
outside of permanent equity. 

F- 16 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 

Offering costs of Public Shares 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Common stock subject to possible redemption 

Private Units at a price of per Private
Unit for an aggregate purchase price of in a private placement. Simultaneously with the closing of the over-allotment option,
the Company consummated the sale of an additional aggregate of Private Units with the Sponsor and Chardan at a price of 
per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of . The Private Units are identical to the Public Units except with respect to certain
registration rights and transfer restrictions and the private warrants, which have terms and provisions that are identical to those of
the warrants being sold as part of the units in the IPO, except that the private warrants (i) will be exercisable either for cash or
on a cashless basis at the holder s option and (ii) will not be redeemable by the Company, in either case as long as the private
warrants are held by the initial purchasers or any of their permitted transferees. The net proceeds from the Private Units were added
to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements
of applicable law), and the Private Units and all underlying securities will expire worthless. 

shares of common stock (the Insider Shares to the Initial Stockholders for
an aggregate consideration of , or approximately per share. As a result of the underwriters full exercise of their
over-allotment option on April 7, 2022, no insider shares are currently subject to forfeiture. As of December 31, 2022, there were 
Insider Shares issued and outstanding. 

F- 17 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in connection
with the IPO (the Promissory Notes ). The Promissory Notes were unsecured, interest-free and due on the closing the IPO.
The Company repaid the outstanding balance of to the Sponsor on April 7 and April 8, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had no borrowings under the Promissory Note. 

and , respectively, to be used, in part, for transaction costs related to the Business Combination. 

of the notes may be converted upon consummation of the Company s
business combination into private units at a price of per unit. The purchase price of these units will approximate the fair value
of such units when issued. However, if it is determined, at the time of issuance, that the fair value of such units exceeds the purchase
price, the Company would record compensation expense for the excess of the fair value of the units on the day of issuance over the
purchase price in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718 - Compensation - Stock Compensation. 

per month for office space, utilities, secretarial
and administrative support. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, the Sponsor agreed to defer the payment of such monthly
fee. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of initial
Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021,
the Company incurred and , respectively, in fees for these services, of which and were included in accrued expenses
in the accompanying balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

F- 18 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

additional Public Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On April 7, 2022, Chardan exercised the over-allotment option
in full (see Note 4). 

of the gross proceeds of the IPO (including the exercise of the over-allotment
option), or . In addition, the underwriters will be entitled to a deferred fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO (including
the exercise of the over-allotment option), or , which will be paid upon the closing of a Business Combination from the amounts
held in the Trust Account, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

, an option (the Unit
Purchase Option to purchase units exercisable at per unit (or an aggregate exercise price of commencing
on the later of six months from the effective date of the registration statement related to the IPO and the consummation of a Business
Combination. The fair value of the Unit Purchase Option was at the IPO which was included in the total offering costs of .
The Unit Purchase Option may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires from
the effective date of the registration statement related to the IPO. The units issuable upon exercise of the Unit Purchase Option are
identical to those offered in the IPO. The Company accounts for the Unit Purchase Option, inclusive of the receipt of cash payment,
as an expense of the IPO resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity. The Unit Purchase Option and such units purchased
pursuant to the Unit Purchase Option, as well as the common stock underlying such units, the rights included in such units, the shares
of common stock that are issuable for the rights included in such units, the warrants included in such units, and the shares underlying
such warrants, have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1).
The Unit Purchase Option grants to holders demand and piggy back rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively,
from the effective date of the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities
directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the Unit Purchase Option. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to
registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price
and number of units issuable upon exercise of the Unit Purchase Option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a stock dividend, or the Company s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be
adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per
share. Holders of the common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2022, there were shares of common
stock issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption). 

F- 19 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per share, subject to adjustment.
The warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial Business Combination and 12 months from the closing
of the IPO. However, no Public Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement
covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such common stock.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public
Warrants is not effective within 90 days from the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities
Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The
warrants will expire five years from the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time or earlier redemption. 

per share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors), (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s
common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates
its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Price is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described
below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Value. 

per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, which the Company refers to as the 30-day redemption period; if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the to the warrant holders. 

F- 20 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 21 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

(including over-allotment) on April 4, 2022, the date
of the Company s IPO, using the Black-Scholes model. The Company allocated the proceeds received from the sale of Private Units,
first to the private warrants based on their fair values as determined at initial measurement, with the remaining proceeds recorded as
common shares subject to possible redemption, and common shares based on their relative fair values recorded at the initial measurement
date. The warrants were classified as Level 3 at the initial measurement date due to the use of unobservable inputs. 

Underlying share price 

Expected Volatility 

Warrant life (years) 

Risk-free rate 

F- 22 

REDWOODS
ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Unrealized gain on investments held in trust account 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset (liability), net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

F- 23 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(including deferred tax liability of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 16, 2021 (inception)
to December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company s tax returns for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 remain open and subject
to examination. 

to the Sponsor. The promissory note is payable upon the
closing of the Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. The holder of the promissory note, in its sole discretion, may
convert any or all of the unpaid principal under the promissory note into private units of the Company, at a price of per unit,
upon consummation of the Business Combination. 

to the Sponsor. The promissory note is payable upon the
closing of the Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. The holder of the promissory note, in its sole discretion, may
convert any or all of the unpaid principal under the promissory note into private units of the Company, at a price of per unit,
upon consummation of the Business Combination. 

shares of the Company s common stock were tendered for
redemption. 

for the initial three-month extension and per month for each subsequent one-month extension. The extension payment(s)
will bear no interest and will be repayable by the Company to the contributors upon consummation of the Business Combination. The loans
will be forgiven by the contributors if the Company is unable to consummate the Business Combination except to the extent of any funds
held outside of the Trust Account. 

F-24 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-8_redwoodsacq.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit
4.8 

DESCRIPTION
OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER 
SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Redwoods Acquisition Corp. (the Company, 
 we, us, or our had four classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): the Company s units, common stock, warrants, and rights. 

The
following description of the Company s capital stock and provisions of the Company s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, bylaws and the Delaware General Corporation Law are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the text of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Copies
of these documents have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description has been filed
as an exhibit. 

General 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001, and
1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, 8,801,650 shares
of common stock are issued and outstanding and no preferred shares are issued or outstanding. The following description summarizes all
of the material terms of our securities. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.
For a complete description you should refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the forms of warrant
agreement and rights agreement, which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one share of common stock, one redeemable warrant and one right. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
one share of common stock at an exercise price 11.50 per share. Each warrant will become exercisable on the later of the completion
of our initial business combination and 12 months from the closing of our IPO, or April 4, 2023, and will expire on the five year anniversary
of the closing date of our initial business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Each right entitles the holder thereof
to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination. We will not issue fractional
shares. As a result, you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business
combination. 

The
shares of common stock, warrants and rights comprising the units became separately traded on April 29, 2022. 

Common
Stock 

Our
holders of record of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In
connection with any vote held to approve our initial business combination, our insiders, officers, and directors, have agreed to vote
their respective shares of common stock owned by them immediately prior to our IPO, including both the insider shares and the private
shares, and any shares acquired in the IPO or following the IPO in the open market, to the extent permitted by law, in favor of the proposed
business combination. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we do not consummate our initial business combination within 12 months from
the closing of our IPO (or up to 18 months from the closing of our IPO if extended), we will (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in
the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. Our insiders have agreed to waive their rights to share in any distribution with respect to their insider shares and
private shares, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares
they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

Our
stockholders have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable
to the shares of common stock, except that public stockholders have the right to sell their shares to us in any tender offer or have
their shares of common stock redeemed to cash equal to their pro rata share of the trust account if they vote on the proposed business
combination and the business combination is completed. If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate of incorporation
relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within which we have to
complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and
income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. In either of such events, redeeming
stockholders would be paid their pro rata portion of the trust account promptly following consummation of the business combination or
the approval of the amendment to the certificate of incorporation. Public stockholders who sell or redeem their stock into their share
of the trust account still have the right to exercise the redeemable warrants and convert the rights that they received as part of the
units. If the business combination is not consummated or the amendment is not approved, stockholders will not be paid such amounts. 

Preferred
Stock 

No
shares of preferred stock are issued or outstanding. Our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred
stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of
the holders of common stock. However, the underwriting agreement prohibits us, prior to a business combination, from issuing preferred
stock which participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or which votes as a class with the common stock on our initial
business combination. We may issue some or all of the preferred stock to effect our initial business combination. In addition, the preferred
stock could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of us. Although we do not currently intend
to issue any shares of preferred stock, we reserve the right to do so in the future. 

Warrants 

Each
redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed below. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion of an initial business combination and 12 months
from the closing of our IPO, or April 4, 2023. However, no public warrants will be exercisable for cash unless we have an effective and
current registration statement covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus
relating to such common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the issuance of the common stock issuable
upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 90 days from the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders
may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities
Act. If an exemption from registration is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The
warrants will expire five years from the closing of our initial business combination at 5:00 p.m., New York City time or earlier upon
redemption or liquidation. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.50 per share (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such
issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business
combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Price is below 9.50
per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the Market Price, and the
 16.50 per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 165 of the Market Value. 

2 

We
may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days 
 prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; and 

if, and only if, the last
 reported sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 16.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
 recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the
 date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and
after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s
warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

The
redemption criteria for our warrants have been established at a price which is intended to provide warrant holders a reasonable premium
to the initial exercise price and provide a sufficient differential between the then-prevailing share price and the warrant exercise
price so that if the share price declines as a result of our redemption call, the redemption will not cause the share price to drop below
the exercise price of the warrants. 

We
will not redeem the warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of common stock is available throughout the 30-day
redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration
under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance
of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue
sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants
for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common
stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value by (y)
the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common
stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants. Whether we will exercise our option to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis 
will depend on a variety of factors including the price of our common stock at the time the warrants are called for redemption, our cash
needs at such time and concerns regarding dilutive share issuances. 

The
warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent,
and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding
warrants (including the private warrants) in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The
exercise price and number of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in
the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the
warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

3 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of common stock and any voting rights
until they exercise their warrants and receive common stock. After the issuance of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder
will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

Except
as described above, no public warrants will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue common stock unless at the time a holder
seeks to exercise such warrant, a prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current and the common
stock have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the
warrants. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to maintain a
current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants and we will not be required to settle any such warrant
exercise. If the prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants is not current or if the common stock
is not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, we will not be required
to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise, the warrants may have no value, the market for the warrants may be limited and
the warrants may expire worthless. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York. 

Rights 

Except
in cases where we are not the surviving company in a business combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive one-tenth
(1/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of our initial business combination, even if the holder of a public right converted
all shares of common stock held by such holder in connection with the initial business combination or an amendment to our certificate
of incorporation with respect to our pre-business combination activities. In the event we will not be the surviving company upon completion
of our initial business combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert such holder s rights in order
to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the business combination. No additional consideration
will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive such holder s additional shares of common stock upon consummation
of an initial business combination. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held
by affiliates of ours). If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity,
the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the common
stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis. 

We
will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest
whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law. As a result,
you must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If
we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust
account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from
our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Further, there are no
contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination.
Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. 

4 

Unit
Purchase Option 

We
have issued to Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (and/or its designees), the representative of the underwriters in our IPO, an option to purchase
a total of 345,000 units exercisable, in whole or in part, at 11.50 per unit commencing on the consummation of a business combination.
The units issuable upon exercise of this option are identical to those offered in our IPO. The option and underlying warrants may be
exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and the option may not be exercised more than five years from
the commencement of sales of the offering in the IPO. The exercise price and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may
be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation.
However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below its exercise price. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent
to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends
in the foreseeable future. 

Our
Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent and Rights Agent 

The
transfer agent for our shares of common stock, warrant agent for our warrants and rights agent for our rights is Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We
will be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations,
under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns
 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested
 stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A
 business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section
203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors
 approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of
 the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting
 stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the
 date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our
 stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned
 by the interested stockholder. 

5 

Exclusive
Forum For Certain Lawsuits 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires that, unless the company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial
owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach
of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the company to the company or the company s stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against the company, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the
Delaware General Corporation Law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or the bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting
a claim against the company, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to each of
(i) through (iv) above, (a) any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to
the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of
Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than
the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, and (b) any action or claim arising
under the Exchange Act or Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim
in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the company and its directors, officers, or other employees. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors or by our chairman
or chief executive officer. 

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our
bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice will need to be delivered to our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier
than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the scheduled date of the annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify
certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from
bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders 

Authorized
but unissued shares 

Our
authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be
utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit
plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

6 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_redwoodsacq.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries of Redwoods Acquisition Corp. 

None. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_redwoodsacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Jiande Chen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Redwoods Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 10, 2023 

/s/ Jiande Chen 

Jiande Chen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_redwoodsacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Edward Cong Wang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Redwoods Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 10, 2023 

/s/ Edward Cong Wang 

Edward Cong Wang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_redwoodsacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Redwoods
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Jiande Chen, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: April 10, 2023 

/s/ Jiande Chen 

Jiande Chen 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_redwoodsacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Redwoods
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Edward Cong Wang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: April 10, 2023 

/s/ Edward Cong Wang 

Edward Cong Wang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal financial and accounting officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 rwod-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 rwod-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 rwod-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 rwod-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 rwod-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

