<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230515_10-K_edgar_data_1140215_0001493152-23-017571.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>52408058</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>373300</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>45607128</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2732283</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1675760</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1805434</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-017571.hdr.sgml : 20230515
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230515172917
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-017571
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		175
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230515
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230515

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REED'S, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001140215
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				352177773
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32501
		FILM NUMBER:		23924589

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 MERRITT 7 CORPORATE PARK,
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06851
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800 997 3337

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 MERRITT 7 CORPORATE PARK,
		CITY:			NORWALK
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06851

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REED'S INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REEDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORIGINAL BEVERAGE CORP /
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010508

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-017571.txt : 20230515

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 of incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: none. 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers and
directors) as of June 30, 2022 was . 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. There was
a total of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 

Item 2. Properties 
 32 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 32 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 

PART II 
 33 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 33 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 41 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 41 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 41 

PART III 
 42 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 45 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 49 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 51 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 52 

PART IV 
 54 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 54 

i 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), the other reports, statements, and information that we have previously filed
or that we may subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and public announcements that we have
previously made or may subsequently make include, may include, incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference certain statements
that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report and those reports, statements, information and announcements address activities, events or developments that Reed s, Inc.
(hereinafter referred to as we, us, our or Reed s expects or anticipates
will or may occur in the future. Any statements in this document about expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future
events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often, but not always, made through
the use of words or phrases such as may, should, could, predict, potential, 
 believe, will likely result, expect, will continue, anticipate, 
 seek, estimate, intend, plan, projection, would and
 outlook and similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties, which
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety
by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document. All forward-looking statements concerning economic conditions, rates
of growth, rates of income or values as may be included in this document are based on information available to us on the dates noted,
and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. 

The
risk factors referred to in this Annual Report beginning on page 11 could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from
those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us, and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking
statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to
update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict
which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or
combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. 

Management
cautions that these statements are qualified by their terms and/or important factors, many of which are outside of our control, involve
a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from the statements
made, including, but not limited to, the following risk factors: 

Our
 ability to absorb, mitigate or pass on cost increases to our bottlers/distributors and/or
 customers; 
 
 The
 impact of rising costs, interest rates, and inflation on the discretionary income of our
 consumers, particularly the rising cost of energy; 
 
 Uncertainties
 associated with an economic slowdown or recession that could negatively impact the financial
 condition of our customers and could result in a reduced demand for our products; 
 
 The
 impact of the military conflict in Ukraine, including supply chain disruptions, volatility
 in commodity prices, increased economic uncertainty and escalating geopolitical tensions; 
 
 The
 impact of logistical issues and delays; 
 
 Our
 ability to effectively manage our inventories and/or our accounts receivables; 
 
 Our
 ability to continue to generate sufficient cash flows to support our expansion plans and
 general operating activities; 
 
 Changes
 in demand that are weather, or season related and/or for other reasons, including changes
 in product category and/or package consumption and changes in cost and availability of certain
 key ingredients including aluminum cans, as well as disruptions to the supply chain, as a
 result of climate change and poor or extreme weather conditions; 
 
 The
 impact on our business of competitive products and pricing pressures and our ability to gain
 or maintain our share of sales in the marketplace as a result of actions by competitors; 
 
 Our
 ability to implement and/or maintain price increases, including through reductions in promotional
 allowances; 
 
 The
 effectiveness of sales and/or marketing efforts by us and/or by distributors of our products,
 most of whom distribute products that may be regarded as competitive with our products; 
 
 The
 costs and/or effectiveness, now or in the future, of our advertising, marketing and promotional
 strategies; 
 
 The
 failure of our co-packers to manufacture our products on a timely basis or at all; 
 
 Our
 ability to make suitable arrangements and/or procure sufficient capacity for the co-packing
 of any of our products, the timely replacement of discontinued co-packing arrangements and/or
 limitations on co-packing availability; 
 
 Volatility
 of stock prices which may restrict stock sales, stock purchases or other opportunities as
 well as negatively impact the motivation of equity award grantees; 
 
 Any
disruption in and/or lack of effectiveness of our information technology systems, including a breach of cyber security, which disrupts
our business or negatively impacts customer relationships, as well as cybersecurity incidents involving data shared with third parties; 

The imposition of additional regulation
imposing excise taxes and/or sales taxes on sweetened beverages or alcoholic beverages; and 
 
 Recruitment
 and retention of senior management, other key employees and our employee base in general. 

The
foregoing list of important factors and other risks detailed from time to time in our reports filed with the SEC is not exhaustive. See
 Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors for a more complete discussion of these risks and uncertainties and for other risks
and uncertainties. Those factors and the other risk factors described therein are not necessarily all of the important factors that could
cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown
or unpredictable factors also could harm our results. Consequently, our actual results could be materially different from the results
described or anticipated by our forward-looking statements due to the inherent uncertainty of estimates, forecasts and projections and
may be better or worse than anticipated. Given these uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date that they were made. We expressly disclaim any duty to provide
updates to forward-looking statements, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, after the date of this report, in order
to reflect changes in circumstances or expectations or the occurrence of unanticipated events except to the extent required by law. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

Reed s,
Inc., a Delaware corporation Reed s , the Company, we, or us throughout
this report) owns a leading portfolio of handcrafted, natural beverages that is sold in over 45,000 outlets nationwide. These outlets
include the natural and specialty food channel, grocery stores, mass merchants, drug stores, convenience stores, club stores, liquor
stores, and on-premises locations including bars and restaurants. Reed s two core brands are Reed s, which includes Reed s
Craft Ginger Beer, Reed s Real Ginger Ale, Reed s Mules, and Reed s Hard Ginger Ale, and Virgil s Handcrafted
sodas. Reed s Craft Ginger Beers are unique due to the proprietary process of using fresh ginger root combined with a Jamaican
inspired recipe of natural spices, honey and fruit juices. Reed s uses this same handcrafted approach in its Reed s Real
Ginger Ale and Virgil s line of great tasting, bold flavored craft sodas, including its award-winning Virgil s Root Beer. 

Reed s
is the leading ginger beer in the US; Virgil s is an independent natural full line craft soda and is a leader in the craft soda
category. 

Historical
Development 

Reed s
Original Ginger Brew, created in 1987, was introduced to the market in Southern California stores in 1989. By 1990, we began marketing
our products through United Natural Foods Inc. UNFI and other natural food distributors and moved our production to a
larger facility in Boulder, Colorado. 

In
1991, we incorporated our business operations in the state of Florida under the name of Original Beverage Corporation and moved all production
to a co-pack facility in Pennsylvania. Throughout the 1990 s, we continued to develop and launch new Ginger Brew varieties. Reed s
Ginger Brews reached broad placement in natural and gourmet foods stores nationwide through UNFI and other major specialty, natural/gourmet
and mainstream food and beverage distributors. 

In
1997, we began licensing the products of China Cola and eventually acquired the rights to that product in 2000. In 1999, we purchased
the Virgil s Root Beer brand from the Crowley Beverage Company. In 2000, we moved into an 18,000-square foot warehouse property,
the Brewery, in Los Angeles, California, as our headquarters. In 2001, pursuant to a reincorporation merger, we changed our state of
incorporation to Delaware and also changed our name to Reed s, Inc. 

In
September 2018, we completed the relocation of its headquarters to Norwalk, Connecticut. In December 2018, after a lengthy marketing
and bidding process, we sold the Brewery to a company owned by Christopher J. Reed, our founder. The sale of the Brewery marked a fundamental
shift in the nature of our operations and effectively eliminated our costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity. 

Today,
Reed s has 45 products that are sold throughout the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, South Africa and the European Union.
It produces its products through a network of nine independent manufacturers and distribution through five independent distribution centers. 

Going
Concern 

The Company s financial statements
as of December 31, 2022, were prepared on a going concern basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net
loss of 20,057 and used cash in operations of 15,530, and as of December 31, 2022, the Company had stockholders deficit of 8,470,
and negative working capital of 1,563. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern within one year of the date that the financial statements are issued. In addition, the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm, in their report on the Company s December 31, 2022, audited financial statements, raised substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of 533 with borrowing
capacity of 1,663. The Company believes that its current level of cash and cash equivalents are not sufficient to fund its operations
for the next 12 months. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability
to obtain additional financing, drive further operating efficiencies, reduce expenditures, and ultimately, create profitable operations.
We may not be able to obtain additional capital on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do not include adjustments that would result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. To alleviate these conditions, management is currently evaluating various funding alternatives and
may seek to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, mezzanine or debt securities, through arrangements with strategic partners
or through obtaining credit from financial institutions. As we seek additional sources of financing, there can be no assurance that such
financing will be available to us on favorable terms or at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing in the debt and equity capital
markets is subject to several factors, including market and economic conditions, our performance and investor sentiment with respect to
us and our industry. 

1 

Industry
Overview 

Reed s
offers its portfolio of natural hand-crafted beverages in the craft specialty foods industry as natural alternatives to the 29 billion
mainstream carbonated soft drinks CSD market in the United States as measured by IRI Multi Outlet scan data. Reed s
products are sold across the country and internationally in the following major channels: natural food, specialty food, grocery, mass
merchant, convenience, club, drug, liquor, and on-premises locations (bars and restaurants). 

Carbonated
Soft Drink Industry Overview 

The
retail CSD category grew 14 during 2022 and the ginger ale segment grew 13 and is now a 1.5 billion-dollar market. Ginger ale growth,
we believe, is driven primarily by a consumer perception of ginger ale as a healthier alternative to other sodas. Our new line of ginger
ales made with real ginger deliver on this perception and are poised to breakout in the segment. 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, consumers are shifting consumption to better-for-you products. We believe there is significant growth
potential from consumers switching away from mainstream beverages that contain artificial ingredients and preservatives towards great-tasting,
natural alternatives. 

Consumer
Trends Driving Growth for Our Products 

The
following is a list of consumer trends that are accelerating as we exit the pandemic, and which support our brands. 

Natural :
 Interest in natural products has gone mainstream. 

Clean
 Label : 62 of Americans are avoiding at least one ingredient. 

Reduced
 Sugar : A favorable trend for our zero-sugar beverages, 67 of consumers prefer low or no sugar soft drinks. Say they are reducing
 their sugar intake. 

Plant
 Based : 39 of consumers actively try to eat more plant-based foods. 

Craft:
 Appeal continues to grow of higher-quality, independent, and more authentic brands. 

Premiumization:
 A trend towards embracing quality has accelerated during the pandemic with consumers splurging on premium beverages at retail,
 including premium mixers. 

Better-for-you
 Mocktails : More consumers are seeking non-alcoholic alternatives with bold and unique flavors. 

Our
strategies will remain responsive to these macro consumer trends as we concentrate our efforts on developing the Company s sales
and marketing functions. 

Our
Products 

We make our hand-crafted beverages with only premium,
natural ingredients. Our products are free of genetically modified organisms GMOs and artificial preservatives. Over the
years, Reed s has developed several product offerings. In 2019, we streamlined our focus to our core categories of Reed s
Ginger Beverages and Virgil s Craft Sodas. In April 2020, we launched our new line of Reed s Real Ginger Ales, in both Full
Sugar and Zero Sugar varieties, made with fresh organic ginger. In 2021, we extended our Ginger Ale offerings with Mocktails, and we entered
the alcohol space with the launch of our RTD Classic Mule that is 7 alcohol by volume ABV and Zero Sugar and Hard Ginger
Ale which is 5 ABV and Zero Sugar 

2 

Reed s
Craft Ginger Beer 

Reed s
Craft Ginger Beer is set apart from other ginger beers by its proprietary process of pressing fresh ginger root, its exclusive use of
natural ingredients, and its authentic Jamaican-inspired recipe. We do not use artificial preservatives, artificial flavors, or colors,
and Reed s Ginger Beer is certified kosher. We offer different levels of fresh ginger content, ranging from our lightest-spiced
Original, to our medium-spiced Extra, and finally to our spiciest Strongest. We also offer three sweetener options: one with cane sugar,
honey and fruit juices; one with honey and pineapple juice; and another without sugar (Zero Sugar) made from an innovative blend of natural
sweeteners. In 2021, we expanded our Extra Ginger Beer portfolio into cans offerings. 

As
of the end of 2022, the Reed s Craft Ginger Beer line included five major varieties with a mix of bottles and cans: 

Reed s
Original Ginger Beer Our first to market product uses a Jamaican-inspired recipe that calls for fresh ginger root, lemon,
lime, pineapple juice, honey, raw cane sugar, herbs and spices. 

Reed s
Premium Ginger Beer Our Original Ginger Beer sweetened with honey and pineapple juice. (No cane sugar added.) 

Reed s
Extra Ginger Beer Contains 50 more fresh ginger than Reed s Original recipe for extra spice. 

Reed s
Strongest Ginger Beer Contains 115 more fresh ginger than Reed s Original for the strongest spice. 

Reed s
Zero Sugar Extra Ginger Beer launched in 2019, it uses a proprietary natural sweetening system for a zero-calorie version
of our Reed s Extra Ginger Beer. 

Reed s
Real Ginger Ale 

Reed s
Real Ginger Ale is unique for the category because it combines real fresh ginger with the classic, refreshing taste that consumers love.
It contains nothing artificial and is non-GMO project verified. We offer two sweetener options: one with cane sugar and the other with
our zero-calorie proprietary natural sweetening system. 

Reed s
Real Ginger Ale launched in April 2020 in standard and sleek 12-ounce cans. It is the only mass market ginger ale made with
organic fresh ginger. 

Reed s
Zero Sugar Real Ginger Ale also launched in April 2020 in standard and slim cans. It uses a proprietary sweetening system
to match the great taste of the cane sugar version in a zero-calorie drink. 

Reed s Mocktails In 2021
Reed s line extended its Zero Sugar Ginger Ale, with the launch of Mocktail Flavors. It uses our proprietary sweetening system
to match the great taste of the cane sugar version in a zero-calorie drink. The two flavors are Shirley Tempting and Transfusion. 

Reed s Real Cranberry Ginger Ale 
This seasonal product, launch in the fall of 2021 is our Real Ginger Ale with cranberry added. It is a consumer favorite during the holiday
season and is available October through December. 

3 

Reed s
Ready to Drink 

Reed s Zero Sugar Classic Mule Launched
in 2020 and expanded to 42 states in 2022, Reed s first-ever alcoholic offering is packed with REAL, fresh ginger root and made
through a unique handcrafted brewing and fermentation process. It contains 7 ABV, and a light-spice flavor profile with no artificial
colors, gluten, GMOs or caffeine. It is the ultimate mule, made with fresh ginger root, to be enjoyed anytime, anywhere. 

Reed s Zero Sugar Stormy Mule Launched
in 2022 , the Stormy is the perfect companion to our Classic Mule, the Stormy Mule is the ultimate rum flavored alcohol and ginger
beer. It contains 7 ABV, and a light-spice flavor profile with no artificial colors, gluten, GMOs or caffeine. It is the ultimate stormy,
made with fresh ginger root, to be enjoyed anytime, anywhere. 

Reed s Zero Sugar Hard Ginger Ale - Launched
in late 2002, our line of light refreshing hard ginger ales are available in four flavors: Mango, Cherry Lime, Strawberry Watermelon and
Pineapple Coconut. They contain 5 ABV, 100 calories and zero carbohydrates and have no added sugar, artificial colors, gluten, GMOs or
caffeine. They are made with fresh ginger root, to be enjoyed anytime, anywhere. 

Virgil s
Handcrafted Sodas 

Virgil s
is a premium handcrafted soda that uses only natural ingredients to create bold renditions of classic flavors. We don t use any
artificial preservatives, any artificial colors, or any GMO-sourced ingredients, and our Virgil s line is certified kosher. 

The
Virgil s line includes the following products: 

Handcrafted
Line: Virgil s first Handcrafted soda was launched in 1994. It began as one man s passion to create the finest root beer
ever produced and has since won numerous awards. Virgil s difference is using natural ingredients to craft bold, classic soda flavors.
Virgil s Handcrafted line includes Root Beer, Vanilla Cream, Black Cherry, and Orange Cream. 

Zero
Sugar Line: Virgil s launched a new line of Zero Sugar, Zero Calorie craft sodas in 2019. Each Zero Sugar soda is sweetened
with a proprietary blend of natural sweeteners with no added sugars and is certified Keto. This natural line of Zero Sugar flavors includes
Root Beer, Cola, Black Cherry, Vanilla Cream, Orange Cream, Lemon-Lime, Ginger Ale, Grapefruit and Dr. Better. 

Our
Primary Markets 

We
target a smaller segment of the estimated 29 billion mainstream carbonated and non-carbonated soft drink markets in the United States.
Our brands are generally considered premium and natural, with upscale packaging. They are loosely defined as the craft specialty bottled
carbonated soft drink category. 

We
have an experienced and geographically diverse sales force promoting our products, with senior sales representatives strategically placed
in multiple regions across the country, supported by local Reed s sales staff. Additionally, we have sales managers handling national
accounts for natural, specialty, grocery, mass, club, drug, liquor, and convenience channels. Our sales managers are responsible for
all activities related to the sales, distribution, and marketing of our brands to our entire retail partner and distributor network in
North America. The Company not only employs an internal sales force but has partnered with independent sales brokers and outside representatives
to promote our products in specific channels and key targeted accounts. 

We
sell to well-known popular natural food and gourmet retailers, large grocery store chains, mass merchants, club stores, convenience and
drug stores, liquor stores, industrial cafeterias (corporate feeders), and to on-premises bars and restaurants nationwide and in some
international markets. We also sell our products and promotional merchandise directly to consumers via the Internet through our Amazon
storefront which can be accessed through our company web site www.drinkreeds.com . 

Some
of our representative key customers include: 

Natural
 stores : Whole Foods Market, Sprouts, Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Fresh Thyme Farmers Market, Mother s 

4 

Gourmet
 specialty stores : Trader Joe s, Bristol Farms, Lazy Acres, The Fresh Market, Central Market 

Grocery
 and mass chains : Kroger (and all Kroger banners), Albertson s/Safeway, Publix, Food Lion, Stop Shop, H.E.B., Wegmans,
 Target, Walmart 

Club
 stores : Costco 

Liquor
 stores : BevMo!, Total Wine More, Spec s 

Convenience
 drug stores : CVS Health, Rite Aid 

Our
Distribution Network 

Our
products are brought to market through an extremely flexible and fluid hybrid distribution model, which is a mix of direct-store-delivery,
customer warehouse, and distributor networks. The distribution system used depends on customer needs, product characteristics, and local
trade practices. 

Our
product reaches the market in the following ways: 

Direct
to Natural Specialty Wholesale Distributors 

Our natural and specialty
distributor partners operate a distribution network delivering thousands of SKUs of natural and gourmet products to thousands of small,
independent, natural retail outlets around the U.S., along with national chain customers, both conventional and natural. This system of
distribution allows our brands far reaching access to some of the most remote parts of North America. During the past year we have expanded,
and will continue to expand, in this distribution network. 

Direct
to Store Distribution DSD Through Non-Alcoholic and Alcoholic Beverage Distributor Network 

Our
independent distributor partners operate DSD systems which deliver primarily beverages, foods, and snacks directly to retail stores where
the products are merchandised by their route sales and field sales employees. DSD enables us to merchandise with maximum visibility and
appeal. DSD is especially well-suited to products frequently restocked and responds to in-store promotion and merchandising. We are primarily
focused on expanding our DSD network on a national basis. 

Direct
to Store Warehouse Distribution 

Some
of our products are delivered from our co-packers and warehouses directly to customer warehouses. Some retailers mandate we deliver directly
to them, as it is more cost effective and allows them to pass savings along to their customers. Other retailers may not mandate direct
delivery, but they recommend and prefer it as they have the capability to self-distribute and can realize significant savings with direct
delivery. 

Wholesale
Distribution 

We
utilize a network of five independent distribution and consolidation centers across the United States to store and distribute our products.
Our Wholesale Distributor network handles the wholesale shipments of our products. These distributors have a warehouse and distribution
center, and ship Reed s and Virgil s products directly to the retailer (or to customers who opt for drop shipping). 

International
Distribution 

We
presently export Reed s and Virgil s brands throughout international markets via US based exporters. International markets
where our brands are present are France, UK, South Africa, portions of the Caribbean, Canada, Spain, Philippines, Israel and Australia. 

5 

International
sales to some areas of the world are cost prohibitive, except for some specialty sales, since our premium sodas were historically
packed in glass, which drives substantial freight costs when shipping overseas. Despite these cost challenges, we believe there are
good opportunities to expand internationally, and we are increasing our marketing focus on these areas by adding freight friendly
packages such as aluminum cans and also developing manufacturing partnerships in local markets whereby we ship concentrate rather
than finished goods. We are open to exporting and co-packing internationally and expanding our brands into foreign markets, and we
have held preliminary discussions with trading companies and import/export companies for the distribution of our products throughout
Asia, Europe, Australia, and South America. We believe these areas are a natural fit for Reed s ginger products because of the
popularity and importance of ginger in international markets, especially the Asian market, where ginger is a significant part of the
local diet and nutrition. 

We
believe the strength of our brands, innovation, and marketing, coupled with the quality of our products and flexibility of our distribution
network, allows us to compete effectively. 

Distribution
Agreements 

We
have entered into agreements with some of our distributors that commit us to termination fees if we terminate our agreements
early or without cause. These agreements provide for our distributor partners to have the right to distribute our products to a defined
type of retailer within a defined geographic region. As is customary in the beverage industry, if we should terminate the agreement or
not automatically renew the agreement, we would be obligated to make certain payments to our distributor partners. 

We
constantly review our distribution agreements with our partners across North America. 

Some of our outside distributors are not bound by
written agreements with us and may discontinue their relationship with us on short notice. Most distributors handle a number of competitive
products. In addition, our products are sometimes a small part of our distributors businesses. 

Manufacturing
Our Products 

All
of Reed s products are produced by our co-pack partners. They brew, blend, bottle, and package our products and charge us a fee,
generally by the case, for the products produced. We have a long-standing relationship with three co-packers in Pennsylvania and two
in California. During 2020 we entered into co-packing agreements with a co-packer on the East Coast, Clinton s Ditch, and on the
West Coast, Noel Canning. We are in discussions and negotiations with additional co-packers to secure added capability for future production
needs. We periodically review our co-packing relationships to ensure that they are optimal with respect to quality of production, cost
and location. 

In
some instances, subject to agreement, certain equipment may be purchased exclusively by us and/or jointly with our co-packers and installed
at their facilities to enable them to produce certain of our products. In certain cases, such equipment remains our property and is required
to be returned to us upon termination of the packing arrangements with such co-packers, unless we are reimbursed by the co-packer over
a pre-determined number of cases that are produced at the facilities concerned. For most of our products there are limited co-packing
facilities in our markets with adequate capacity and/or suitable equipment to package our products. We believe a short disruption or
delay in production would not significantly affect our revenues; however, as alternative co-packing facilities in our markets with adequate
long-term capacity may not be available for such products, either at commercially reasonable rates and/or within a reasonably short time
period, if at all, a lengthy disruption or delay in production of any of such products could significantly affect our revenues. 

Our
ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly with new products, and may be less precise during periods of rapid
growth, including in new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products, and/or are unable to secure sufficient ingredients
or raw materials, and/or procure adequate packing arrangements and/or obtain adequate or timely shipment of our products, we might not
be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. 

6 

We
continue to actively seek alternative and/or additional co-packing facilities with adequate capacity and capability for the production
of our various products to minimize transportation costs and transportation-related damages as well as to mitigate the risk of a disruption. 

Warehousing
and Logistics are a significant portion of the Company s operational costs. In order to drive efficiency and reduce costs, on February
1, 2019, we entered into a strategic partnership with FitzMark to manage all freight movement for the Company. FitzMark is one of the
largest distribution service providers in North America and has expertise that will provide a competitive advantage in the movement of
raw materials and finished goods. This partnership supports planning and execution of all inventory movement, assessment of storage needs
and cost management. 

We
follow a fill as needed model to the best of our ability and have no significant order backlog. 

New
Product Development 

While
we have simplified our business and have streamlined a significant number of SKUs in order to further our primary objective of accelerating
the growth of the Reed s and Virgil s core product offerings, we believe significant opportunity remains in the natural beverage
space. 

Healthier
alternatives will be the future for carbonated soft drinks. We will continue to drive product development in the natural, no and low
sugar offerings in the better for you beverage categories. In addition, we believe there are powerful consumer trends that
will help propel the growth of our brand portfolio including the increased consumption of ginger as a recognized superfood, the growing
use of ginger beer in today s popular cocktail drinks, and consumers increased demand for higher quality, natural handcrafted
beverages. 

Innovations
include our compelling line of full flavor, natural, zero sugar, zero calorie sodas. Reed s has also begun to expand and broaden
its product development capabilities by engaging and working with larger, experienced beverage flavor houses and innovative ingredient
research and supply companies. 

We
believe our new business model enhances our ability to be nimble and innovative, producing category leading new products in a short period
of time. 

Competition 

Nonalcoholic
Beverages 

The
nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry is highly competitive, consisting of numerous companies ranging from
small or emerging to very large and well established. The principal areas of competition include pricing, packaging, development of new
products and flavors, and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number
of manufacturers. Many of these brands have enjoyed broad, well-established national recognition for years, through well-funded advertising
and other branding campaigns. Competitors in the ginger beer category include Goslings, Fever Tree, Bundaberg, Cock n Bull and
Q; in the craft soda category we compete with brands such as Stewart s, IBC, Zevia, Henry Weinhard s, Boylan, Sprechers,
and Jones Soda; In the Ginger Ale category we compete with Canada Dry, Schweppes, Seagram s, Vernor s, and Zevia. 

Important
factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the taste and flavor of products, trade and consumer promotions, rapid
and effective development of new, unique cutting-edge products, attractive and different packaging, branded product advertising, and
pricing. We also compete for distributors who will concentrate on marketing our products over those of our competitors, provide stable
and reliable distribution, and secure adequate shelf space in retail outlets. Competitive pressures in the soft drink category could
also cause our products to be unable to gain or even lose market share, or we could experience price erosion. 

7 

We
are also subject to increasing levels of regulatory issues including the registration and/or taxation of our products in certain new
international markets, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. (See Government Regulation below for additional
information) 

Despite
our products having a relatively high price for a craft premium beverage product, minimal mass media advertising to date, and a small
but growing presence in the mainstream market compared to many of our competitors, we believe our natural innovative beverage recipes,
packaging, use of premium ingredients, and a proprietary ginger processing formula provide us with a competitive advantage. Our commitment
to the highest quality standards and brand innovation are keys to our success. 

Candy

Reed s
Crystallized Ginger and Reed s Ginger Chews restaged their product line up in 2020. The category is small and there is not a significant
number of entrants. Key competitors are Chimes and Gin Gins. 

Ready
to Drink: 

The
RTD category refers to canned cocktails that offer convenience and quality for cocktail drinkers. 

The
start of Covid-19, when restaurants and bars closed in March 2020, helped propel the category with consumers bringing the on-premises
cocktail occasion to their homes. This was a major boost for canned, single-serve RTDs. Without the recent quality improvements of RTD
cocktails, however, it s unlikely that the category would have taken off. Today s RTD cocktails bring much higher quality
versus earlier wine coolers and malt-based hard lemonades. Premiumization has resulted in a new wave of products that boast less sugar
and more transparency. Variety has also been a key driver, allowing consumers ways to experiment without buying costly ingredients or
spirits. Reed s is poised to leverage these trends by bringing high-quality, crafted Mules made with real fresh ginger to the market. 

Top
selling brands in the category are High Noon, Cutwater Spirits, On The Rocks, Jose Cuervo, 1800 Tequila, Buzzballz, Bacardi, The Long
Drink Company, and Fisher s Island. In the Mule segment, the key players include Merican Mule, Cutwater Mule, and Copper
Can. 

Raw
Materials 

Substantially
all of the raw materials used in the preparation, bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by Reed s or by our contract
packers in accordance with our specifications. Raw materials are delivered and stored at our various third-party co-packers. 

Generally,
the raw materials used in our products are obtained from domestic and foreign suppliers and many of the materials have multiple reliable
suppliers. This provides a level of protection against a major supply constriction or adverse cost or supply impacts. Since our raw materials
are common ingredients and supply is easily accessible, we have few long-term contracts in place with our suppliers. 

Many
outside factors such as crop yield, weather, agricultural legislation, and the geopolitical climate could impact supply and price; however,
we do source certain ingredients from different regions and suppliers to mitigate some of this risk. 

Industry-wide
shortages of certain ingredients could from time to time in the future be encountered, which could interfere with and/or delay production
of certain of our products. 

Glass
Bottles and Aluminum Cans 

A
significant component of our product cost is the purchase of glass bottles and aluminum cans. We are generally responsible for arranging
for the purchase and delivery to our third-party co-packers of the containers in which our beverage products are packaged. In December
2017, we entered into an exclusive strategic partnership with Owens-Illinois (glass), and in February 2018 we entered into a strategic
partnership with Crown Cork Seal for aluminum cans. During 2022 we entered into an agreement with a packaging broker to supply
us with 25 million sleek and standard 12-ounce cans during 2023. These suppliers provide expertise in emerging package and material innovation
that can be leveraged to further expand marketing and package offerings. 

8 

Working
Capital Practices 

Historically,
we have financed our operations through public and private sales of common stock, issuance of preferred and common stock, convertible
debt instruments, term loans and credit lines from financial institutions, and cash generated from operations. We have taken decisive
action to improve our margins, including fully outsourcing our manufacturing process, streamlining our product portfolio, negotiating
improved vendor contracts and restructuring our selling prices. 

Licensing 

During
2020 we entered into a licensing agreement with Full Sail Brewery headquartered in Hood River, Oregon to manufacture and sell our new
line of Reed s Alcoholic Classic Mule in 4 and 12 pack 12-ounce cans, and 12 pack 16-ounce cans. Full Sail manages all aspects
of production and distribution. We subsequently amended that agreement to assume the distribution rights from Full Sail and instead utilize
Full Sail as a co-packer of our RTD Classic Mule line. We now fully control the sales and marketing process, and this change in distribution
ownership enables us to recognize gross revenue as opposed to a royalty fee going forward. 

Seasonality 

Sales
of our nonalcoholic beverages are somewhat seasonal with higher-than-average volume in the warmer months. The volume of sales in the
beverage business may be affected by weather conditions. 

Proprietary
Rights 

We
own copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets relating to our products and the processes for their production; the packages used for our
products; and the design and operation of various processes and equipment used in our business. Some of our proprietary rights are licensed
to our co-packers and suppliers and other parties. Reed s ginger processing and brewing process finished beverage products and
concentrate formulas are among its most valuable trade secrets. 

We
own trademarks in the United States that we consider material to our business. Trademarks in the United States are valid as long as they
are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. Pursuant to our manufacturing and bottling agreements, we authorize our
bottlers to use applicable Reed s trademarks in connection with their manufacture, sale and distribution of our products. We have
registered and intend to obtain additional trademarks in international markets as may become necessary. 

We
use confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with employees, manufacturers and distributors to protect our proprietary rights. Mr.
Reed is also subject to an intellectual property agreement with Reed s restricting competition consistent with his fiduciary obligations
to Reed s. 

Regulation 

Our
Company is required to comply, and it is our policy to comply with all applicable laws in all jurisdictions in which we do business. 

The
production, distribution and sale in the United States of many of our products are subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act,
the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Lanham Act, state consumer protection laws, competition laws, federal, state and local workplace
health and safety laws, various federal, state and local environmental protection laws, and various other federal, state and local statutes
and regulations applicable to the production, transportation, sale, safety, advertising, labeling and ingredients of such products. Outside
the United States, the distribution and sale of our many products and related operations are also subject to numerous similar and other
statutes and regulations. 

9 

The
Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 Proposition 65 of the state of California requires a specific warning
to appear on any product containing a component listed by the state as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects. The state
maintains lists of these substances and periodically adds other substances to these lists. Proposition 65 exposes all food and beverage
producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products in California because it does not provide for any generally
applicable quantitative threshold below which the presence of a listed substance is exempt from the warning requirement. Consequently,
the detection of even a trace amount of a listed substance can subject an affected product to the requirement of a warning label. However,
Proposition 65 does not require a warning if the manufacturer of a product can demonstrate that the use of that product exposes consumers
to a daily quantity of a listed substance that is: 

below
 a safe harbor threshold that may be established; 

naturally
 occurring; 

the
 result of necessary cooking; or 

subject
 to another applicable exemption. 

No
Company beverages produced for sale in California are currently required to display warnings under this law. We are unable to predict
whether a component found in a Company product might be added to the California list in the future, although the state has initiated
a regulatory process in which caffeine and other natural occurring substances will be evaluated for listing. Furthermore, we are also
unable to predict when or whether the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology may become applicable under this law and related
regulations as they currently exist, or as they may be amended, might result in the detection of an infinitesimal quantity of a listed
substance in a beverage of ours produced for sale in California. 

Bottlers
of our beverage products presently offer and use non-refillable, recyclable containers in the United States. Some of these bottlers also
offer and use refillable containers, which are also recyclable. Legal requirements apply in various jurisdictions in the United States
and overseas requiring deposits or certain taxes or fees be charged for the sale, marketing and use of certain non-refillable beverage
containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other types of beverage container-related deposit, recycling, tax
and/or product stewardship statutes and regulations also apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas. We anticipate
additional, similar legal requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future at local, state and federal levels, both in the United
States and elsewhere. 

Legislation
has been proposed in Congress and by certain state and local governments which would prohibit the sale of soft drink products in non-refillable
bottles and cans or require a mandatory deposit as a means of encouraging the return of such containers, each in an attempt to reduce
solid waste and litter. Similarly, we are aware of proposed legislation that would impose fees or taxes on various types of containers
that are used in our business. We are not currently impacted by the policies in these types of proposed legislation, but it is possible
that similar or more restrictive legal requirements may be proposed or enacted within our distribution territories in the future. 

Legislation that would impose an excise tax on sweetened
beverages has been proposed in the U.S. Congress, in some state legislatures and by some local governments, with excise taxes generally
ranging between 0.01 and 0.02 per ounce of sweetened beverage. Berkeley, California became the first jurisdiction to pass such a measure,
and a general tax of 0.01 per ounce on certain sweetened drinks became effective on January 1, 2015. Other U.S. jurisdictions have passed
similar measures, some of which have been challenged in litigation. The imposition of such taxes on our products would increase the cost
of certain of our products or, to the extent levied directly on consumers, make certain of our products less affordable. Excise taxes
on sweetened beverages already are in effect in certain foreign countries, such as France, the United Kingdom, Ireland, South Africa,
Mexico and Colombia. Other countries are considering similar measures. 

Alcoholic beverages
are regulated by federal, state and local governments in both the U.S. and abroad whose laws and regulations govern the production, distribution
and sale of alcohol beverages, including licensing, permitting, advertising and marketing. The manufacturing and sale of alcohol products
requires numerous approvals, licenses and permits from governmental agencies, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Department of Treasury,
the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau TTB ),
the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the FDA, state alcohol regulatory agencies and state and federal environmental agencies. Our third-party manufacturers, in particular, are subject to audits and inspections by TTB and applicable state alcohol regulatory agencies at any
time. Our alcohol beverages are also subject to various taxes, license fees, and the like levied by governmental entities as well as bonds
that such entities may deem necessary to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Beginning in January 2018, the federal
excise taxes imposed on domestic brewers that produce less than 2 million barrels annually were reduced from 7.00 to 3.50 per barrel
on the first 60,000 barrels shipped annually. State and local excise taxes, on the other hand, vary based on the alcohol content and type
of beverage. Federal, state, or local governments may increase such excise taxes in the future. 

Our
co-packers are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to air emissions,
water discharges, the use of water resources, waste disposal, and recycling. Changes in environmental compliance mandates, and any
expenditures necessary to comply with such requirements, could increase costs. In addition, continuing concern over environmental
matters, including climate change, is expected to continue to result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements (in and
outside of the United States), including to reduce or mitigate the potential effects of greenhouse gases, to limit or impose
additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns, or to expand mandatory reporting of certain
environmental, social and governance metrics. Compliance with these provisions has not had, and we do not expect such compliance to
have, in the near future, any material adverse effect on our capital expenditures, net income or competitive position. 

We
are also subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection, including the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ), which became effective on January 1, 2020, and its extension, the California
Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which will take effect on January 1, 2023. The interpretation and application of data privacy,
cross-border data transfers and data protection laws and regulations are often uncertain and are evolving in the United States and internationally.
We monitor pending and proposed legislation and regulatory initiatives to ascertain their relevance to and potential impact on our business
and develop strategies to address regulatory trends and developments, including any required changes to our privacy and data protection
compliance programs and policies. 

Our primary cost pertaining
to environmental compliance activity is in recycling fees and redemption values. Various municipalities, states and foreign countries
require that a deposit be charged for certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures
vary by jurisdiction. Other deposit, recycling, ecotaxes and/or product stewardship proposals have been, and may in the future be, introduced
and enacted at the federal, state, and local levels, and in foreign countries. In California, we are required to collect redemption values
from our customers and to remit such redemption values to the State of California Department of Resources Recycling and Recovery based
upon the number of cans and bottles of certain carbonated and non-carbonated products sold. In certain other states and countries where
our products are sold, we are also required to collect deposits from our customers and to remit such deposits to the respective jurisdictions
based upon the number of cans and bottles of certain carbonated and non-carbonated products sold in such states. 

10 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 22 full-time equivalent employees on our corporate staff. We employ additional people on a part-time
basis as needed. We have never participated in a collective bargaining agreement. We believe relations with our employees are good. 

Available
Information 

The
Company maintains a website at the following address: www.drinkreeds.com. The information on the Company s website is not incorporated
by reference in this report. We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file
with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended Exchange Act ). These include our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current
Reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, we routinely post on the Investors page of our website
news releases, announcements and other statements about our business and results of operations, some of which may contain information
that may be deemed material to investors. Therefore, we encourage investors to monitor the Investors page of our website
and review the information we post on that page. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements,
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at the following address: http://www.sec.gov. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
following are some of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those presented in our
forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face but do represent those risks and
uncertainties that we believe are material to us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also harm our business. All forward-looking statements in this document are based on information available to us as of
the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. 

Summary
of Material Risk Factors 

We have a history of operating losses. Our estimates regarding the sufficiency of our cash resource and capital requirements and needs for additional financing raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We may not be able to extend or repay our indebtedness owed to our secured lenders, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and ability to continue as a going concern. 

We require additional financing to support our working capital and execute our operating plans for fiscal 2023, which may not be available or may be costly and dilutive. 

We rely on contract packers to manufacture our products. 

If
 we are not able to pass on increases in the costs of raw materials, including aluminum cans, ingredients, fuel and/or costs of co-packing
 or if we experience shortages of such raw materials, our business and results of operations could be materially, adversely affected
 and result in a higher cost base. 

Our
 failure to accurately estimate demand for our products or maintain sufficient inventory levels could adversely affect our business
 and financial results. 

11 

Our
 business is subject to seasonality, which may cause fluctuations in our operating results. 

The
 costs of packaging supplies, ocean and domestic freight, and inflation generally may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Global
 or regional catastrophic events, such as the military conflict in Ukraine, could impact our operations and affect our ability to
 grow our business. 

The
 COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact our business and operations. 

Climate
 change and natural disasters may negatively affect our business. 

If
 we are not able to retain the services of our workforce, there may be an adverse effect on our operations and/or our operating performance
 until we find suitable replacements. 

Regulations imposing excise taxes on sweetened beverages may adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and inhibit the sales of products. 

Regulations
 concerning alcohol beverages may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations and inhibit the sales
 of such products. 

Significant
 changes to or failure to comply with various environmental laws may expose us to liability and/or cause certain facilities of our
 co-packers to close, relocate or operate at reduced production levels, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition
 and results of operations. 

Uncertainty
 in the financial markets and other adverse changes in general economic or political conditions could adversely affect our industry,
 business and results of operations. 

Risk
Factors Relating to Our Business 

There
is Substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s financial statements as of December
31, 2022, were prepared on a going concern basis. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net loss of 20,057 and
used cash in operations of 15,530, and as of December 31, 2022, the Company had stockholders deficit of 8,470, and negative working
capital of 1,563. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one
year of the date that the financial statements are issued. In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm,
in their report on the Company s December 31, 2022, audited financial statements, raised substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of 533 with borrowing capacity of 1,663. The
Company believes that its current level of cash and cash equivalents are not sufficient to fund its operations for the next 12 months. 

Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our ability to obtain additional financing, drive further operating efficiencies, reduce expenditures, and ultimately, create profitable
operations. We may not be able to obtain additional capital on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do not include adjustments that
would result from the outcome of this uncertainty. To alleviate these conditions, management is currently evaluating various funding alternatives
and may seek to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, mezzanine or debt securities, through arrangements with strategic
partners or through obtaining credit from financial institutions. As we seek additional sources of financing, there can be no assurance
that such financing will be available to us on favorable terms or at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing in the debt and equity
capital markets is subject to several factors, including market and economic conditions, our performance and investor sentiment with respect
to us and our industry. 

12 

We
have significant obligations under payables and debt obligations. Our ability to operate as a going concern are contingent upon successfully
obtaining additional financing. Failure to do so would adversely affect our ability to continue operations. 

If
capital is not available, we may then need to scale back or freeze our organic growth plans, sell our business under unfavorable terms,
and reduce expenses to manage our liquidity and capital resources. We may not be able extend or repay our current obligations, which
could impact our ability to continue to operate as a going concern. 

Our
ability to service our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. 

Our
ability to make payments on our indebtedness (including our Notes) will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability
to generate cash is subject to general economic and market conditions and financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors
that are beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditure,
debt service and other liquidity needs, which could result in our inability to comply with financial and other covenants contained in
our debt agreements, our being unable to repay or pay interest and penalties on our indebtedness, and our inability to fund our other
liquidity needs. If we are unable to service our debt obligations, fund our other liquidity needs and maintain compliance with our financial
and other covenants, we could be forced to curtail our operations, our creditors could accelerate our indebtedness and exercise other
remedies and we could be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies, such as selling assets or refinancing or restructuring
our indebtedness. However, such alternatives may not be feasible or adequate. 

Holders
of the Notes agreed to waive certain provisions of the Notes resulting from the delisting of the Company s common stock from the
Nasdaq Capital Market and the resulting Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change subject to certain conditions, through May
1, 2023. 

In
the event of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change under the Notes, the holders of the Notes would have the right to require the Company to
repurchase the Notes at a purchase price of 100 of the principal amount held by such holder, plus accrued and unpaid interest through,
but not including, the repurchase date. In addition, we would also be required to pay the holders of the Notes a Make-Whole Fundamental
Change payment. The repurchase of the Notes as a result of a Make-Whole Fundamental Change would likely render us insolvent and result
in some type of bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, or reorganization event for the company. Such an event could result in substantial
dilution to investors in our common stock. While we expect the holders to provide further accommodations regarding this provision, there
can be no assurances that they will be able to continue to do so or that the conditions imposed will be reasonable. 

13 

In
the event that management proceeds with sale assets rather than continuing to hold and operate all its assets long term, management s
assessment of the fair value, and ultimate recoverability, of goodwill, intangibles, and other long-lived assets would be impacted and
the Company could incur significant noncash charges and cash exit costs in future periods. 

In
the event that additional working capital is not available, we may be forced to scale back or freeze our growth plans, sell assets on
less than favorable terms, reduce expenses, and/or curtail future plans to manage our liquidity and capital resources. In the event that
management elects to proceed with asset sales in the future rather than continue to hold and operate all its assets long term, management s
assessment of the fair value, and ultimate recoverability, of goodwill, intangibles, and other long-lived assets would be impacted and
the Company could incur significant noncash charges and cash exit costs in future periods. 

We
may not be able to extend or repay our indebtedness owed to our secured lenders, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and ability to continue as a going concern. 

If
we are unable to service or repay these obligations at maturity and we are otherwise unable to extend the maturity dates or refinance
these obligations, we would be in default. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to raise the necessary amount of capital
to service these obligations. Upon a default, our secured lenders would have the right to exercise their rights and remedies to collect,
which would include foreclosing on our assets. Accordingly, a default would have a material adverse effect on our business, and we would
likely be forced to seek bankruptcy protection. 

We
require additional financing to support our working capital and execute our operating plans for 2023, which may not be available or may
be costly and dilutive. 

We
require additional financing to support our working capital needs and fund our operating plans for fiscal 2023. To alleviate these conditions,
management is currently evaluating various funding alternatives and may seek to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity,
mezzanine or debt securities, through arrangements with strategic partners or through obtaining credit from financial institutions. As
we seek additional sources of financing, there can be no assurance that such financing would be available to us on favorable terms or
at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing in the debt and equity capital markets is subject to several factors, including market
and economic conditions, our performance and investor. 

Additionally,
these alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders.
Any such financing alternatives may not provide us with sufficient funds to meet our long-term capital requirements. 

Our
indebtedness and liquidity needs could restrict our operations and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. 

Our
existing indebtedness may adversely affect our operations and limit our growth, and we may have difficulty making debt service payments
on such indebtedness as payments become due. We may also experience the occurrence of events of default or breach of financial covenants.
If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. If we violate any of
the restrictions or covenants, a significant portion of our indebtedness may become immediately due and payable, our lenders commitment
to make further loans to us may terminate. We might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments. 

Risks
associated with the conflict in Ukraine. 

The
conflict in Ukraine has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty. The conflict has resulted and could
continue to result in volatile commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to
our information systems business disruptions, limitations on access to credit markets and other corporate banking services, including
working capital facilities, reduced availability and increased costs for transportation, energy and packaging and raw materials and other
input costs. We cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will affect our operations, customers, consumers or business. 

14 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and mitigation measures has had an adverse impact on global economic conditions, including disruption of stock markets
and may impact on our ability to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

In
February and March 2020, the financial markets significantly declined as the reality of the COVID-19 pandemic came into focus. The extent
to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted at this time, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the virus and its variants and the actions
to contain its impact. Disruption of stock markets had an impact on the cost of capital in 2020 and may, in the future, impact on our
ability to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

Disruption
within our supply chain, contract manufacturing or distribution channels could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

The
prices of ingredients, other raw materials, packaging materials, aluminum cans and other containers fluctuate depending on market conditions,
governmental actions, climate change and other factors beyond our control, including outbreaks of infectious diseases. Substantial increases
in the prices of our or ingredients, other raw materials, packaging materials, aluminum cans and other containers, to the extent they
cannot be recouped through increases in the prices of finished beverage products, could increase our and our bottling partners 
operating costs and reduce our profitability. Increases in the prices of our finished products resulting from a higher cost of ingredients,
other raw materials, packaging materials, aluminum cans and other containers could affect affordability in some markets and reduce our
or our bottling partners sales. In addition, some of our ingredients as well as some packaging containers, such as aluminum cans,
are available from a limited number of suppliers. We and our bottling partners may not be able to maintain favorable arrangements and
relationships with these suppliers, and our contingency plans may not be effective in preventing disruptions that may arise from shortages
of any ingredients that are available from a limited number of suppliers. Adverse weather conditions may affect the supply of other agricultural
commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived. An increase in the cost, a sustained interruption in the supply,
or a shortage of some of these ingredients, other raw materials, packaging materials, aluminum cans and other containers that may be
caused by changes in or the enactment of new laws and regulations; a deterioration of our or our bottling partners relationships
with suppliers; supplier quality and reliability issues; trade disruptions; changes in supply chain; and increases in tariffs; or events
such as natural disasters, widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), power outages, labor strikes,
political uncertainties or governmental instability, or the like could negatively impact our net operating revenues and profits. 

Our
reliance on distributors, retailers and brokers could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably distribute and market our products,
maintain our existing markets and expand our business into other geographic markets. 

Our
ability to maintain and expand our existing markets for our products, and to establish markets in new geographic distribution areas,
is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors, retailers and brokers strategically
positioned to serve those areas. Most of our distributors, retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products and our products
may represent a small portion of their businesses. The success of this network will depend on the performance of the distributors, retailers
and brokers of this network. There is a risk that the mentioned entities may not adequately perform their functions within the network
by, without limitation, failing to distribute to sufficient retailers or positioning our products in localities that may not be receptive
to our product. Our ability to incentivize and motivate distributors to manage and sell our products is affected by competition from
other beverage companies who have greater resources than we do. To the extent that our distributors, retailers and brokers are distracted
from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products, including re-stocking the retail
shelves with our products, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, such third parties financial
position or market share may deteriorate, which could adversely affect our distribution, marketing and sales activities. 

Our
ability to maintain and expand our distribution network and attract additional distributors, retailers and brokers will depend on a number
of factors, some of which are outside our control. Some of these factors include: 

the
 level of demand for our brands and products in a particular distribution area; 

our
 ability to price our products at levels competitive with those of competing products; and 

our
 ability to deliver products in the quantity and at the time ordered by distributors, retailers and brokers. 

We
may not be able to successfully manage all or any of these factors in any of our current or prospective geographic areas of distribution.
Our inability to achieve success with regards to any of these factors in a geographic distribution area will have a material adverse
effect on our relationships in that particular geographic area, thus limiting our ability to maintain or expand our market, which will
likely adversely affect our revenues and financial results. 

15 

We
incur significant time and expense in attracting and maintaining key distributors. 

Our
marketing and sales strategy depends in large part on the availability and performance of our independent distributors. We currently
do not have, nor do we anticipate in the future that we will be able to establish, long-term contractual commitments from some of our
distributors. We may not be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships
with distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover, there is the additional possibility that we may have to incur additional
expenditures to attract and maintain key distributors in one or more of our geographic distribution areas in order to profitably exploit
our geographic markets. 

If
we lose any of our key distributors or national retail accounts, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

We
depend in large part on distributors to distribute our beverages and other products. Some of our outside distributors are not bound by
written agreements with us and may discontinue their relationship with us on short notice. Some distributors handle a number of competitive
products. In addition, our products are a small part of our distributors businesses. 

We
continually seek to expand distribution of our products by entering into distribution arrangements with regional bottlers or other direct
store delivery distributors having established sales, marketing and distribution organizations. Many of our distributors are affiliated
with and manufacture and/or distribute other soda and non-carbonated brands and other beverage products. In many cases, such products
compete directly with our products. 

The
marketing efforts of our distributors are important for our success. If our brands prove to be less attractive to our existing distributors
and/or if we fail to attract additional distributors, and/or our distributors do not market and promote our products above the products
of our competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

It
is difficult to predict the timing and amount of our sales because our distributors are not required to place minimum orders with us. 

Our
independent distributors and national accounts are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our products. In order
to reduce their inventory costs, independent distributors typically order products from us on a just in time basis in quantities
and at such times based on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area. Accordingly, we cannot predict the timing or
quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or whether any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from
us in the same frequencies and volumes as they may have done in the past. Additionally, our larger distributors and partners may make
orders that are larger than we have historically been required to fill. Shortages in inventory levels, supply of raw materials or other
key supplies could negatively affect us. 

If
we do not adequately manage our inventory levels, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We
need to maintain adequate inventory levels to be able to deliver products to distributors on a timely basis. Our inventory supply depends
on our ability to correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly
for new products, seasonal promotions and new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to maintain
sufficient inventory of raw materials, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. If we overestimate distributor or
retailer demand for our products, we may end up with too much inventory, resulting in higher storage costs, increased trade spending
and the risk of inventory spoilage. If we fail to manage our inventory to meet demand, we could damage our relationships with our distributors
and retailers and could delay or lose sales opportunities, which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating
results. In addition, if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and retailers is too high, they will not place orders
for additional products, which would also unfavorably impact our sales and adversely affect our operating results. 

16 

Our
dependence on independent contract manufacturers could make management of our manufacturing and distribution efforts inefficient or unprofitable. 

We
are expected to arrange for our contract manufacturing needs sufficiently in advance of anticipated requirements, which is customary
in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies. Based on the cost structure and forecasted demand for the particular
geographic area where our contract manufacturers are located, we continually evaluate which of our contract manufacturers to use. To
the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements,
or orders are not submitted on a timely basis, we will be unable to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely, we may produce
more product inventory than warranted by the actual demand for it, resulting in higher storage costs and the potential risk of inventory
spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract manufacturing requirements and our inventory levels may impair relationships
with our independent distributors and key accounts, which, in turn, would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain
effective relationships with those distributors and key accounts. 

Increases
in costs of packaging, ingredients and contract manufacturing tolling fees may have an adverse impact on our gross margin. 

Over
the past few years, costs of organic and natural ingredients have increased due to increased demand and required the Company to obtain
these ingredients from a wider population of qualified vendors. Packaging costs such as paper and aluminum cans have experienced industry
wide price increases in the past and there is always the risk that the company s co-packers increase their toll rates based on
increases in their fixed and variable costs. If the Company is unable to pass on these costs, the gross margin will be significantly
impacted. 

Increased
market spending may not drive volume growth. 

The
Company s marketing efforts in the past have been limited. The current increase in marketing spending may not generate an increase
in sales volume resulting in a net decrease in gross revenue. 

Increases
in costs of energy and freight may have an adverse impact on our gross and operating margins. 

An
increase in the price, disruption of supply or shortage of fuel and other energy sources in markets where our bottlers operate, which
may be caused by increasing demand, by events such as natural disasters, power outages and extreme weather, or by government regulations,
taxes, policies or programs designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to address climate change, could increase our operating costs
and negatively impact our profitability. An increase in the price, disruption of supply or shortage of fuel and other energy sources
in any of the markets in which our independent bottling partners operate could increase the affected independent bottling partners 
operating costs and thus could indirectly negatively impact our results of operations. 

Over
the past few years, volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in high fuel prices, which many shipping companies have passed
on to their customers by way of higher base pricing and increased fuel surcharges. With recent declines in fuel prices, some companies
have been slow to pass on decreases in their fuel surcharges. If fuel prices increase again, we expect to experience higher shipping
rates and fuel surcharges, as well as energy surcharges on our raw materials. It is hard to predict what will happen in the fuel markets
in 2023. Due to the price sensitivity of our products, we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers. 

If
we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our efficiency and operations would be adversely affected. 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees in such areas as sales, marketing, product development,
supply chain, finance and accounting. In general, we compete to hire new employees, and, in some cases, must train them and develop their
skills and competencies. Our operating results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees,
higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. Any unplanned turnover could negatively impact our operations, financial
condition and employee morale. 

17 

If
we are not able to retain the services of members of senior management, there may be an adverse effect on our operations and/or our operating
performance until we find suitable replacements. 

Our
business is dependent, to a large extent, upon the services of our senior management. We do not maintain key person life insurance on
any members of our senior management. The loss of service of Chief Executive Officer, Norman E. Snyder or any other key members of our
senior management could adversely affect our business until suitable replacements can be found. There may be a limited number of personnel
with the requisite skills to serve in these positions, and we may be unable to locate or employ such qualified executives on acceptable
terms. 

If
we fail to protect our trademarks and trade secrets, we may be unable to successfully market our products and compete effectively. 

We
rely on a combination of trademark and trade secrecy laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual
property rights. Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation, and adversely affect our ability
to compete effectively. Further, enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights, including our trademarks, copyrights, licenses
and trade secrets, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual property,
particularly our trademarks and trade secrets, to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success, and we actively
pursue the registration of our trademarks in the United States and internationally. However, the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary
rights may not be adequate and may not prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our trademarks, trade secrets or similar
proprietary rights. In addition, other parties may seek to assert infringement claims against us, and we may have to pursue litigation
against other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be costly. In addition, any event that would jeopardize
our proprietary rights or any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our ability to market or
sell our brands, profitably exploit our products or recoup our associated research and development costs. 

Litigation
or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation. 

We
may become party to litigation claims and legal proceedings. Litigation involves significant risks, uncertainties and costs, including
distraction of management attention away from our business operations. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess
the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates,
we establish reserves and disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates
are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes
or losses may differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. Our policies and procedures require strict
compliance by our employees and agents with all U.S. and local laws and regulations applicable to our business operations, including
those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless, our policies and procedures may not ensure full compliance
by our employees and agents with all applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation
or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, as
well as disgorgement of profits. 

We
are subject to risks inherent in sales of products in international markets. 

Our
operations outside of the United States contribute to our revenue and profitability, and we believe that developing and emerging markets
present important future growth opportunities for us. However, there can be no assurance that existing or new products that we manufacture,
distribute or sell will be accepted or be successful in any particular foreign market, due to local or global competition, product price,
cultural differences, consumer preferences or otherwise. Here are many factors that could adversely affect demand for our products in
foreign markets, including our inability to attract and maintain key distributors in these markets; volatility in the economic growth
of certain of these markets; changes in economic, political or social conditions, imposition of new or increased labeling, product or
production requirements, or other legal restrictions; restrictions on the import or export of our products or ingredients or substances
used in our products; inflationary currency, devaluation or fluctuation; increased costs of doing business due to compliance with complex
foreign and U.S. laws and regulations. If we are unable to effectively operate or manage the risks associated with operating in international
markets, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. 

18 

Fluctuations
in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes
in U.S. tax laws as a result of any legislation proposed by the new U.S. Presidential Administration or U.S. Congress, which may include
efforts to change or repeal the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the federal corporate income tax rate reduction, could adversely affect
our provision for income taxes, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Uncertainty
in the financial markets and other adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major countries in which
we do business could adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

Global
economic uncertainties, including highly inflationary economies and foreign currency exchange rates and rising interest rates, affect
businesses such as ours in a number of ways, making it difficult to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. There
can be no assurance that economic improvements will occur, or that they would be sustainable, or that they would enhance conditions in
markets relevant to us. In addition, we cannot predict the duration and severity of disruptions in any of our markets or the impact they
may have on our customers or business. Unfavorable economic conditions and financial uncertainties, including economic slowdowns and
recessions, and unstable political conditions, including civil unrest and governmental changes, in certain of our other international
markets could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products.
Included in the foregoing are long-term uncertainties surrounding the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union on January
31, 2020 (commonly referred to as Brexit and any resulting increases in tariffs, importation restrictions, out of stocks,
volatility in currency exchange rates, including the valuation of the euro and the British pound in particular, changes in the laws and
regulations applied in the United Kingdom or impacts on economic and market conditions in the United Kingdom, the European Union and
its member states and elsewhere. The foregoing also includes the military conflict in Ukraine and any increased economic uncertainty
and volatility in commodity prices that it poses. 

Changes
in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could
significantly affect our financial results. 

The
United States generally accepted accounting principles and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with
regard to a wide variety of matters that are relevant to our business, such as, but not limited to, stock-based compensation, trade spend
and promotions, and income taxes are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management.
Changes to these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly
change our reported results. 

If
we are unable to build and sustain proper information technology infrastructure, our business could suffer. 

We
depend on information technology as an enabler to improve the effectiveness of our operations and to interface with our customers, as
well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build
and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers,
business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breaches. 

We
could be subject to cybersecurity attacks. 

Cybersecurity
attacks are evolving and include malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches
that could lead to disruptions in business processes, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption
of data. Such unauthorized access could subject us to operational interruption, damage to our brand image and private data exposure,
and harm our business. 

19 

Risks
Factors Relating to Our Industry 

The
costs of packaging supplies, freight, and inflation generally may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Many
of our packaging supply contracts allow our suppliers to alter the costs they charge us for packaging supplies based on changes in the
costs of the underlying commodities that are used to produce those packaging supplies, such as aluminum for cans, and pulp and paper
for cartons and/or trays. These changes in the prices we pay for our packaging supplies occur at certain predetermined times that vary
by product and supplier. In most cases, we bear the risk of increases in the costs of these packaging supplies, including the underlying
costs of the commodities that comprise these packaging supplies. Recently, inflation has affected, and continues to affect certain of
our raw material and packaging costs, commodities and other inputs globally. If the costs of packaging supplies and other costs, such
as domestic freight rates, increase, we may be unable to pass these costs along to our customers through corresponding adjustments to
the prices we charge, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We
may experience a reduced demand for some of our products due to health concerns (including obesity) and legislative initiatives against
sweetened beverages. 

Consumers
are concerned about health and wellness; public health officials and government officials are increasingly vocal about obesity and its
consequences. There has been a trend among some public health advocates and dietary guidelines to recommend a reduction in sweetened
beverages, as well as increased public scrutiny, potential new taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages, and additional governmental regulations
concerning the marketing and labeling/packing of the beverage industry. Additional or revised regulatory requirements, whether labeling,
tax or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, increasing public
concern with respect to sweetened beverages could reduce demand for our beverages and increase desire for more low-calorie soft drinks,
water, enhanced water, coffee-flavored beverages, tea, and beverages with natural sweeteners. We are continuously working to launch new
products that round out our diversified portfolio. 

Legislative
or regulatory changes that affect our products could reduce demand for products or increase our costs. 

Taxes
imposed on the sale of certain of our products by federal, state and local governments in the United States, Canada or other countries
in which we operate could cause consumers to shift away from purchasing our beverages. Several municipalities in the United States have
implemented or are considering implementing taxes on the sale of certain sugared beverages, including non-diet soft drinks,
fruit drinks, teas and flavored waters to help fund various initiatives. These taxes could materially affect our business and financial
results. 

Additional
taxes levied on us could harm our financial results. 

Recent
legislative proposals to reform U.S. taxation of non-U.S. earnings could have a material adverse effect on our financial results by subjecting
a significant portion of our non-U.S. earnings to incremental U.S. taxation and/or by delaying or permanently deferring certain deductions
otherwise allowed in calculating our U.S. tax liabilities. 

We
compete in an industry that is brand-conscious, so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success. 

Our
business is substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our targeted consumers. In addition,
our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors of our brands as beverage brands that have the potential to provide
incremental sales growth rather than reduce distributors existing beverage sales. Although we believe that we have been relatively
successful towards establishing our brands as recognizable brands in the natural better for you beverage industry, it may
be too early in the product life cycle of these brands to determine whether our products and brands will achieve and maintain satisfactory
levels of acceptance by independent distributors, retail customers and consumers. We believe that the success of our brands will also
be substantially dependent upon acceptance of our product name brands. Accordingly, any failure of our brands to maintain or increase
acceptance or market penetration would likely have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial results. 

20 

Competition
from traditional non-alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our distribution relationships and may hinder development
of our existing markets, as well as prevent us from expanding our markets. 

We
target a niche in the estimated 29 billion carbonated soft drink market in the US, Canada and international markets. Our brands are
generally regarded as premium and natural, with upscale packaging and are loosely defined as the artisanal (craft), premium bottled carbonated
soft drink category. The soft drink industry is highly fragmented, and the craft soft drink category consists of such competitors as
IBC, Stewart s, Zevia, Henry Weinhard s, Izze, Boylan, Sprechers, and Jones Soda, to name a few. These brands have the advantage
of being seen widely in the national market and being commonly known for years through well-funded ad campaigns. Our products have a
relatively high price for an artisanal premium beverage product, minimal mass media advertising to date and a small but growing presence
in the mainstream market compared to some of our larger competitors. 

The
beverage industry is highly competitive. We compete with other beverage companies not only for consumer acceptance but also for shelf
space in retail outlets and for marketing focus by our distributors, all of which also distribute other beverage brands. Our products
compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers, most of which have substantially greater
financial, marketing and distribution resources than ours. Some of these competitors are placing pressure on independent distributors
not to carry competitive sparkling brands such as ours. We also compete with regional beverage producers and private label 
soft drink suppliers. 

Increased
competitor consolidations, market-place competition, particularly among branded beverage products, and competitive product and pricing
pressures could impact our earnings, market share and volume growth. If, due to such pressure or other competitive threats, we are unable
to sufficiently maintain or develop our distribution channels, we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and financial targets.
As a means of maintaining and expanding our distribution network, we intend to introduce new, innovative products and packages. We may
not be successful in doing this and other companies may be more successful in this regard over the long term. Competition, particularly
from companies with greater financial and marketing resources than ours, could have a material adverse effect on our existing markets,
as well as on our ability to expand the market for our products. 

We
compete in an industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences and public perception, so our ability to continue developing
new products to satisfy our consumers changing preferences will determine our long-term success. 

Failure
to introduce new products or product extensions into the marketplace as current ones mature and to meet our consumers changing
preferences could prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability. Product lifecycles can vary, and consumers 
preferences and loyalties change over time. Although we try to anticipate these shifts and innovate new products to introduce to our
consumers, we may not succeed. Customer preferences also are affected by factors other than taste, such as health and nutrition considerations
and obesity concerns, shifting consumer needs, changes in consumer lifestyles, increased consumer information and competitive product
and pricing pressures. Sales of our products may be adversely affected by the negative publicity associated with these issues. If we
do not adequately anticipate or adjust to respond to these and other changes in customer preferences, we may not be able to maintain
and grow our brand image and our sales may be adversely affected. 

Global
economic conditions may continue to adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

The
beverage industry, and particularly those companies selling premium beverages, can be affected by macro-economic factors, including changes
in national, regional, and local economic conditions, unemployment levels and consumer spending patterns, which together may impact the
willingness of consumers to purchase our products as they adjust their discretionary spending. Adverse economic conditions may negatively
impact the ability of our distributors to obtain the credit necessary to fund their working capital needs, which could negatively impact
their ability or desire to continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they have done in the past. If
we experience adverse economic conditions in the future, sales of our products could be adversely affected, collectability of accounts
receivable may be compromised, and we may face obsolescence issues with our inventory, any of which could have a material adverse impact
on our operating results and financial condition. 

21 

If
we encounter product recalls or other product quality issues, our business may suffer. 

Product
quality issues, real or imagined, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish our image and
could cause consumers to choose other products. In addition, because of changing government regulations or implementation thereof, or
allegations of product contamination, we may be required from time to time to recall products entirely or from specific markets. Product
recalls could affect our profitability and could negatively affect brand image. 

We
could be exposed to product liability claims. 

Although
we have product liability and basic recall insurance, insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all product liability claims
that may arise. To the extent our product liability coverage is insufficient, a product liability claim would likely have a material
adverse effect upon our financial condition. In addition, any product liability claim brought against us may materially damage the reputation
and brand image of our products and business. 

Our
business is subject to many regulations and noncompliance is costly. 

The
production, marketing and sale of our beverages, including contents, labels, caps and containers, are subject to the rules and regulations
of various federal, provincial, state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or
production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations, we may be fined, or production may be stopped, which would adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage
our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore, the rules and regulations are subject to change from
time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area, we cannot anticipate whether changes in these rules and regulations
will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements, whether labeling, environmental, tax or otherwise,
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Significant
additional labeling or warning requirements may inhibit sales of affected products. 

Various
jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements relating to the chemical content or perceived
adverse health consequences of certain of our products. These types of requirements, if they become applicable to one or more of our
products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, may inhibit sales of such products. In California, a law
requires that a specific warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the state as having been found to cause cancer
or birth defects. This law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is not required. If a component
found in one of our products is added to the list, or if the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology that may become available
under this law and related regulations as they currently exist, or as they may be amended, results in the detection of an infinitesimal
quantity of a listed substance in one of our beverages produced for sale in California, the resulting warning requirements or adverse
publicity could affect our sales. 

We
may not be able to develop successful new beverage products, which are important to our growth. 

An
important part of our strategy is to increase our sales through the development of new beverage products. We cannot provide assurance
that we will be able to continue to develop, market and distribute future beverage products that will enjoy market acceptance. The failure
to continue to develop new beverage products that gain market acceptance could have an adverse impact on our growth and materially adversely
affect our financial condition. We may have higher obsolescent product expense if new products fail to perform as expected due to the
need to write off excess inventory of the new products. 

22 

Our
results of operations may be impacted in various ways by the introduction of new products, even if they are successful, including the
following: 

sales
 of new products could adversely impact sales of existing products; 

we
 may incur higher cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses in the periods when we introduce new products
 due to increased costs associated with the introduction and marketing of new products, most of which are expensed as incurred; and 

when
 we introduce new platforms and package sizes, we may experience increased freight and logistics costs as our co-packers adjust their
 facilities for the new products. 

The
growth of our revenues is dependent on acceptance of our products by mainstream consumers. 

We
have dedicated significant resources to introduce our products to the mainstream consumer. As such, we have increased our sales force
and executed agreements with distributors who, in turn, distribute to mainstream consumers at grocery stores and other retailers. If
our products are not accepted by the mainstream consumer, our business could suffer. 

Our
failure to accurately estimate demand for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

We
may not correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise, particularly with new
products, and may be less precise during periods of rapid growth, particularly in new markets. If we materially underestimate demand
for our products or are unable to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials including, but not limited to, glass, cans, cartons,
labels, flavors or packing arrangements, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Furthermore, industry-wide shortages
of certain juice concentrates and sweeteners have been and could, from time to time in the future, be experienced, which could interfere
with and/or delay production of certain of our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
We do not use hedging agreements or alternative instruments to manage this risk. 

The
loss of our largest customers would substantially reduce revenues. 

Our
customers are material to our success. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing customers, our business could
suffer. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had two customers that accounted for approximately 17 and 16 of its sales, respectively;
and during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had two customers that accounted for approximately 19 and 11 of its sales,
respectively. These two customers serve hundreds if not thousands of various retail chains and end customers. 

No
other customer exceeded 10 of sales for either period. 

The
loss of our largest vendors would substantially reduce revenues. 

Our
vendors are important to our success. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing vendors, our business could suffer. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s largest vendor accounted for approximately 12 of its purchases. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company s largest two vendors accounted for approximately 13 , and 10 of its purchases, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2021, no other Company vendor accounted for more than 10 of the total accounts payable. 

No
other account was more than 10 of the balance of accounts payable in either period. 

23 

The
loss of our third-party distributors could impair our operations and substantially reduce our financial results. 

We
depend in large part on distributors to distribute our beverages and other products. Some of our outside distributors are not bound by
written agreements with the Company and may discontinue their relationship with us on short notice. Some distributors handle a number
of competitive products. In addition, our products are a small part of our distributors businesses. 

We
continually seek to expand distribution of our products by entering into distribution arrangements with regional bottlers or other direct
store delivery distributors having established sales, marketing and distribution organizations. Many of our distributors are affiliated
with and manufacture and/or distribute other soda and non-carbonated brands and other beverage products. In many cases, such products
compete directly with our products. 

The
marketing efforts of our distributors are important for our success. If our brands prove to be less attractive to our existing distributors
and/or if we fail to attract additional distributors, and/or our distributors do not market and promote our products above the products
of our competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Price
fluctuations in, and unavailability of, raw materials and packaging that we use could adversely affect us. 

We
do not enter into hedging arrangements for raw materials. The prices of raw materials that we use have not increased significantly in
recent years. Our results of operations would be adversely affected if the price of these raw materials were to rise, and we were unable
to pass these costs on to our customers. 

We
depend upon an uninterrupted supply of the ingredients for our products, a significant portion of which we obtain overseas, principally
from Peru, Fiji and Indonesia. Any decrease in the supply of these ingredients or increase in the prices of these ingredients as a result
of any adverse weather conditions, pests, crop disease, interruptions of shipment or political considerations, among other reasons, could
substantially increase our costs and adversely affect our financial performance. 

We
also depend upon an uninterrupted supply of packaging materials, such as glass, cans and paper items. We obtain bottles both domestically
and internationally. Any decrease in supply of these materials or increase in the prices of the materials, as a result of decreased supply
or increased demand, could substantially increase our costs and adversely affect our financial performance. 

The
loss of any of our co-packers could impair our operations and substantially reduce our financial results. 

We
rely on third parties, called co-packers in our industry, to produce our beverages. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company utilized nine separate US based co-packers for most its production needs. Although
there are other packers that could produce the Company s beverages, a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process,
which could ultimately affect operating results. 

Our
co-packing arrangements with other companies are on a short-term basis and such co-packers may discontinue their relationship with us
on short notice. Our co-packing arrangements expose us to various risks, including: 

if
 any of those co-packers were to terminate our co-packing arrangement or have difficulties in producing beverages for us, our ability
 to produce our beverages would be adversely affected until we were able to make alternative arrangements; and 

our
 business reputation would be adversely affected if any of the co-packers were to produce inferior quality. 

We
believe that we have substantially reduced this risk by reducing our reliance upon any single co-packer. We are in discussion and negotiation
with additional co-packers to ensure added capability for future production needs. 

24 

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate because of the seasonality of our business. 

Our
highest revenues occur during the summer and fall, the third and fourth quarters of each fiscal year. These seasonality issues may cause
our financial performance to fluctuate. In addition, beverage sales can be adversely affected by sustained periods of bad weather. 

Our
manufacturing process is not patented. 

None
of the manufacturing processes used in producing our products are subject to a patent or similar intellectual property protection. Our
only protection against a third party using our recipes and processes is confidentiality agreements with the companies that produce our
beverages and with our employees who have knowledge of such processes. If our competitors develop substantially equivalent proprietary
information or otherwise obtain access to our knowledge, we will have greater difficulty in competing with them for business, and our
market share could decline. 

If
we are not able to retain the full-time services of our management team, it will be more difficult for us to manage our operations and
our operating performance could suffer. 

Our
business is dependent, to a large extent, upon the services of our management team. We do have a written employment agreement with one of four members of our management team. In addition, we do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our management team. Therefore,
in the event of the loss or unavailability of any member of the management team to us, there can be no assurance that we would be able
to locate in a timely manner or employ qualified personnel to replace him or her. The loss of the services of any member of our management
team or our failure to attract and retain other key personnel over time would jeopardize our ability to execute our business plan and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
price of our common stock may be volatile, and a shareholder s investment in our common stock could suffer a decline in value. 

There
has been significant volatility in the volume and market price of our common stock, and this volatility may continue in the future. In
addition, factors such as quarterly variations in our operating results, litigation involving us, general trends relating to the beverage
industry, actions by governmental agencies, national economic and stock market considerations as well as other events and circumstances
beyond our control could have a significant impact on the future market price of our common stock and the relative volatility of such
market price. 

A
prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in
our ability to raise capital. If we are unable to raise the funds required for all of our planned operations and key initiatives, we
may be forced to allocate funds from other planned uses, which may negatively impact our business and operations, including our ability
to develop new products and continue our current operations. 

Many
factors that are beyond our control may significantly affect the market price of our shares. These factors include: 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the stock markets; 

changes
 in our revenues and earnings or other variations in operating results; 

any shortfall
 in revenue or increase in losses from levels expected by us or securities analysts; 

changes
 in regulatory policies or law; 

operating
 performance of companies comparable to us; and 

general
 economic trends and other external factors. 

Even
if an active market for our common stock is established, stockholders may have to sell their shares at prices substantially lower than
the price they paid for them or might otherwise receive than if a broad public market existed. 

25 

There
has been a very limited public trading market for our securities and the market for our securities may continue to be limited and be
sporadic and highly volatile. 

There
is currently a limited public market for our common stock. Holders of our common stock may, therefore, have difficulty selling their
shares, should they decide to do so. In addition, there can be no assurances that such markets will continue or that any shares which
may be purchased, may be sold without incurring a loss. Any such market price of our shares may not necessarily bear any relationship
to our book value, assets, past operating results, financial condition or any other established criteria of value, and may not be indicative
of the market price for the shares in the future. 

Future
financings could adversely affect common stock ownership interest and rights in comparison with those of other security holders. 

Our
board of directors has the power to issue additional shares of common or preferred stock up to the amounts authorized in our certificate
of incorporation without stockholder approval, subject to restrictive covenants contained in the Company s contracts. If additional
funds are raised through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders
will be reduced, and these newly issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders.
If we issue any additional common stock or securities convertible into common stock, such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership
and voting power of each other stockholder. In addition, such stock issuances might result in a reduction of the book value of our common
stock. Any increase of the number of authorized shares of common stock or preferred stock would require board and shareholder approval
and subsequent amendment to our certificate of incorporation. 

Risk Factors Related to Government Regulation 

Changes in government regulation, or a failure
to comply with existing regulations related to sweetened beverages, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Legislation that would impose an excise tax on sweetened
beverages has been proposed in the U.S. Congress, in some state legislatures and by some local governments, with excise taxes generally
ranging between 0.01 and 0.02 per ounce of sweetened beverage. The imposition of such taxes on our products would increase the cost
of certain of our products or, to the extent levied directly on consumers, make certain of our products less affordable. Excise taxes
on sweetened beverages already are in effect in certain foreign countries, such as France, the United Kingdom, Ireland, South Africa,
Mexico and Colombia. Other countries are considering similar measures. 

Public health officials and health advocates are increasingly
focused on the public health consequences associated with obesity, especially as it affects children, and are seeking legislative change
to reduce the consumption of sweetened beverages. 

To the extent any such legislation is enacted in one
or more jurisdictions where a significant amount of our products is sold, individually or in the aggregate, it could result in a reduction
in demand for, or availability of, our products, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The production, distribution and sale in the United
States of many of our products are also currently subject to various federal and state regulations, including, but not limited to: the
FD C Act; the Occupational Safety and Health Act; various environmental statutes; data privacy laws; California Proposition 65; and
various other federal, state and local statutes and regulations applicable to the production, transportation, sale, safety, advertising,
labeling, packaging and ingredients of such products. Outside the United States, the production, distribution and sale of many of our
products are also subject to numerous statutes and regulations. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product, its
label, or a production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations, we may be fined, or the products in question may have to
be recalled, removed from the market, reformulated and/or have the packaging changed, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

26 

Regulations concerning our alcohol beverages
may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Governmental agencies heavily regulate the alcohol
beverage industry. In particular, they monitor and regulate licensing, warehousing, trade and pricing practices, permitted and required
labeling, including warning labels, signage, advertising, relations with wholesalers and retailers, and, in control states, product listings.
There may also be a focus on companies with established non-alcohol beverages lines of business that have expanded into the alcohol beverage
industry, since marketing practices that are acceptable in the non-alcohol space may have regulatory challenges in the alcohol space.
In addition, other countries in which we may sell alcohol beverages could impose duties, excise taxes and/or other related taxes. If,
in the future, we are unable to comply with certain regulations, sales of our products could decrease significantly. Additionally, if
such agencies or jurisdictions, foreign or domestic, choose to implement new or revised laws, regulations, fees, taxes, or other such
requirements, our business could be adversely affected. If such governmental bodies require increased additional product labeling, warning
requirements, or limitations on the marketing or sale of our alcohol products due to their contents or allegations concerning their potential
to cause adverse health effects, our sales of alcohol beverages may be adversely affected. 

Significant changes to or failure to comply
with various environmental laws may our co-packers to liability or cause them to close, relocate or operate at reduced production levels,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our co-packers are subject to a wide and increasingly
broad array of federal, state, regional, local, and international environmental laws, including statutes and regulations, which aim to
regulate emissions and impacts to air, land, and water. Their operations may result in odors, noise, or other pollutants being emitted.
Failure to comply with any environmental laws or any future changes to them could result in alleged harm to employees or others near facilities.
Significant costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of penalties or restrictions
on operations by governmental agencies or courts may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Increasing concern over sustainability matters, including climate change,
will likely result in new or revised laws and regulations aimed at reducing or mitigating the potential effects of greenhouse gases, restricting
or increasing the costs of commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns, or increasing mandatory reporting of certain sustainability
metrics, such as recycling. 

Risk
Factors Related to Distribution of Alcoholic Beverages 

Demand
for our products may be adversely affected by many factors, including changes in consumer preferences and trends. 

Consumer
preferences may shift due to a variety of factors including changes in demographic and social trends, public health initiatives, product
innovations, changes in vacation or leisure activity patterns and a downturn in economic conditions, which may reduce consumers 
willingness to purchase distilled spirits or cause a shift in consumer preferences away from ginger beer-based cocktails toward beer,
wine or non-alcoholic beverages. Our success depends in part on fulfilling available opportunities to meet consumer needs and anticipating
changes in consumer preferences with successful new products and product innovations. The competitive position of our brands could also
be affected adversely by any failure to achieve consistent, reliable quality in the product or in service levels to customers. 

We
face substantial competition in our industry and many factors may prevent us from competing successfully. 

We
compete based on product taste and quality, brand image, price, service and ability to innovate in response to consumer preferences.
The global spirits industry is highly competitive and is dominated by several large, well-funded international companies. It is possible
that our competitors may either respond to industry conditions or consumer trends more rapidly or effectively or resort to price competition
to sustain market share, which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

Adverse
public opinion about alcohol could reduce demand for our products. 

Anti-alcohol
groups have, in the past, advocated successfully for more stringent labeling requirements, higher taxes and other regulations designed
to discourage alcohol consumption. More restrictive regulations, negative publicity regarding alcohol consumption and/or changes in consumer
perceptions of the relative healthfulness or safety of beverage alcohol could decrease sales and consumption of alcohol and thus the
demand for our products. This could, in turn, significantly decrease both our revenues and our revenue growth, causing a decline in our
results of operations. 

27 

Class
action or other litigation relating to alcohol abuse, or the misuse of alcohol could adversely affect our business. 

Companies
in the beverage alcohol industry are, from time to time, exposed to class action or other litigation relating to alcohol advertising,
product liability, alcohol abuse problems or health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. It is also possible that governments could
assert that the use of alcohol has significantly increased government funded health care costs. Litigation or assertions of this type
have adversely affected companies in the tobacco industry, and it is possible that we, as well as our suppliers, could be named in litigation
of this type. 

Also,
lawsuits have been brought in a number of states alleging that beverage alcohol manufacturers and marketers have improperly targeted
underage consumers in their advertising. Plaintiffs in these cases allege that the defendants advertisements, marketing and promotions
violate the consumer protection or deceptive trade practices statutes in each of these states and seek repayment of the family funds
expended by the underage consumers. While we have not been named in these lawsuits, we could be named in similar lawsuits in the future.
Any class action or other litigation asserted against us could be expensive and time-consuming to defend against, depleting our cash
and diverting our personnel resources and, if the plaintiffs in such actions were to prevail, our business could be harmed significantly. 

Regulatory
decisions and legal, regulatory and tax changes could limit our business activities, increase our operating costs and reduce our margins. 

Our
business is subject to extensive regulation in all of the countries in which we operate. This may include regulations regarding production,
distribution, marketing, advertising and labeling of beverage alcohol products. We are required to comply with these regulations and
to maintain various permits and licenses. We are also required to conduct business only with holders of licenses to import, warehouse,
transport, distribute and sell beverage alcohol products. We cannot assure you that these and other governmental regulations applicable
to our industry will not change or become more stringent. Moreover, because these laws and regulations are subject to interpretation,
we may not be able to predict when and to what extent liability may arise. Additionally, due to increasing public concern over alcohol-related
societal problems, including driving while intoxicated, underage drinking, alcoholism and health consequences from the abuse of alcohol,
various levels of government may seek to impose additional restrictions or limits on advertising or other marketing activities promoting
beverage alcohol products. Failure to comply with any of the current or future regulations and requirements relating to our industry
and products could result in monetary penalties, suspension or even revocation of our licenses and permits. Costs of compliance with
changes in regulations could be significant and could harm our business, as we could find it necessary to raise our prices to maintain
profit margins, which could lower the demand for our products and reduce our sales and profit potential. 

Also,
the distribution of beverage alcohol products is subject to extensive taxation both in the U.S. and internationally (and, in the U.S.,
at both the federal and state government levels), and beverage alcohol products themselves are the subject of national import and excise
duties in most countries around the world. An increase in taxation or in import or excise duties could also significantly harm our sales
revenue and margins, both through the reduction of overall consumption and by encouraging consumers to switch to lower-taxed categories
of beverage alcohol. 

Risk
Factors Related to Our Common Stock 

If
we are not able to achieve our objectives for our business, the value of an investment in our Company could be negatively affected. 

In
order to be successful, we believe that we must, among other things: 

increase
 the volume for our products 

continue
 to find savings in our cost of goods (co-packer fees, packaging and ingredients); 

expand
 the number of co-packers for our core and innovation products; 

continue
 to recruit and retain top talent; 

drive
 increased awareness through our brand pull campaigns, and trial and repeat purchase of our core brands; 

28 

drive
 increased SKU placement on shelf, and open new outlets of retail distribution through our investment in sales resources, partnerships
 and trade marketing support; 

manage
 our operating expenses to sufficiently support operating activities and 

avoid
 significant increases in variable costs relating to production, marketing and distribution. 

We
may not be able to meet these objectives, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We have incurred significant
operating expenses in the past and may do so again in the future and, as a result, will need to increase revenues in order to improve
our results of operations. Our ability to increase sales volume will depend primarily on success in marketing initiatives with industry
brokers, improving our distribution base with DSD companies, introducing new no sugar brands, and focusing on the existing core brands
in the market. Our ability to successfully enter new distribution areas and obtain national accounts will, in turn, depend on various
factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the continued demand for our brands and products in target
markets, the ability to price our products at competitive levels, the ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors
in each geographic area of distribution and the ability in the future to create, develop and successfully introduce one or more new brands,
products, and product extensions. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders
to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that: 

authorize
 our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock; 

specify
 that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only upon the request of a majority of our board of directors or our Chief
 Executive Officer; 

establish
 an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons
 for election to our board of directors; and 

prohibit
 cumulative voting in the election of directors. 

These
provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult
for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management, and
may discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change of control of our Company that is in the best interest of our minority
stockholders. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market
price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging future takeover attempts. 

Furthermore,
we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly
held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a three-year
period following the time that this stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed
manner. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting
in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates
and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, 15 or more of the corporation s
voting stock. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies
one of the following conditions: 

before
 the stockholder became interested, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted
 in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

29 

upon
 consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
 owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes
 of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans,
 in some instances; or 

at
 or after the time the stockholder became interested, the business combination was approved by the board of directors of the corporation
 and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
 voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

The
existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions the Company s board of directors does
not approve in advance. Section 203 may also discourage attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares
of Common Stock held by stockholders. 

These
provisions of Delaware law and the Certificate of Incorporation could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile
takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of the Company s common stock
that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in
the Company s management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders
may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Collectively,
members of our board of directors and our executive officers hold approximately 23.3 of the Company s outstanding common stock,
beneficially own approximately 29.3 of our common stock and may greatly influence the outcome of all matters on which stockholders vote. 

Collectively,
members of our board of directors and our executive officers hold approximately 23.3 of our outstanding common stock and beneficially
own approximately 29.3 of our common stock. Members of our board of directors and our executive officers may influence the outcome of
certain matters on which stockholders vote. (Beneficial ownership is calculated pursuant to Section 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and includes shares underlying derivative securities which may be exercised or converted within 60 days.) 

If
securities analysts or industry analysts downgrade our shares, publish negative research or reports, or do not publish reports about
our business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about
us, our business and our industry. If one or more analysts adversely change their recommendation regarding our shares or our competitors 
stock, our share price would likely decline. If one or more analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us,
we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. As a result,
the market price for our common stock may decline. 

We
have the ability to issue additional shares of our common stock and shares of preferred stock without asking for stockholder approval,
which could cause your investment to be diluted. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize the Board of Directors to issue up to 180,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 500,000 shares
of preferred stock. The power of the Board of Directors to issue shares of common stock, preferred stock or warrants or options to purchase
shares of common stock or preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly, any additional issuance of our
common stock, or preferred stock that may be convertible into common stock, may have the effect of diluting your investment, and the
new securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock. 

30 

Substantial
sales of our stock may impact the market price of our common stock. 

Future
sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, including shares that we may issue upon exercise of options and warrants, could adversely
affect the market price of our common stock. Further, if we raise additional funds through the issuance of common stock or securities
convertible into or exercisable for common stock, the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced, and the price of our
common stock may fall. 

Our
common stock is thinly traded, and investors may be unable to sell some or all of their shares at the price they would like, or at all,
and sales of large blocks of shares may depress the price of our common stock. 

Our
common stock has historically been sporadically or thinly traded, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing
shares of our common stock at prevailing prices at any given time may be relatively small or nonexistent. As a consequence, there may
be periods of several days or more when trading activity in shares of our common stock is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned
issuer that has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect
on share price. This could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. Investors may be unable to sell their common stock at or above
their purchase price, which may result in substantial losses. Also, as a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively
small quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of shares of our common stock in either direction.
The price of shares of our common stock could, for example, decline precipitously in the event a large number of shares of our common
shares are sold on the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer that could better absorb those sales without
adverse impact on its share price. 

We
do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the near future, so our shareholders will not be able to receive
a return on their shares unless they sell their shares. 

We
intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid, there
is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. Unless we pay dividends, our shareholders will not be able to receive
a return on their shares unless they sell such shares. 

Risk
Factors Related to Environmental and Social Factors 

Water
scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact our costs and capacity. 

Water
is a main ingredient in substantially all of our products, is vital to the production of the agricultural ingredients on which our business
relies and is needed in our manufacturing process. It also is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve and the ecosystems
in which we operate. Water is a limited resource in many parts of the world, facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing
demand for food and other consumer and industrial products whose manufacturing processes require water, increasing pollution and emerging
awareness of potential contaminants, poor management, lack of physical or financial access to water, sociopolitical tensions due to lack
of public infrastructure in certain areas of the world and the effects of climate change. Lack of available water of acceptable quality,
actions by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors, customers and consumers on water scarcity and increasing pressure
to conserve and replenish water in areas of scarcity and stress, including due to the effects of climate change, can lead to: supply
chain disruption; adverse effects on our operations or the operations of our business partners; higher compliance costs; increased capital
expenditures; higher production costs, including less favorable pricing for water; perception of our failure to act responsibly with
respect to water use or to effectively respond to legal or regulatory requirements concerning water scarcity; or damage to our reputation,
any of which can adversely affect our business.. 

Increased
demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity may negatively affect our business. 

As
part of the manufacture of our beverage products, we and our bottling partners use a number of key ingredients that are derived from
agricultural commodities; decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns;
increased agricultural regulations; and other factors have in the past, and may in the future, limit the availability and/or increase
the cost of such agricultural commodities and could impact the food security of communities around the world. 

31 

Climate
change and legal or regulatory responses thereto may have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

There
is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other
greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency
and severity of natural disasters. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather
patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, which are important sources of ingredients
for our products, and could impact the food security of communities around the world. Climate change may also exacerbate water scarcity
and cause a further deterioration of water quality in affected regions, which could limit water availability for our independent bottlers.
Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or
impact demand for our products. Increasing concern over climate change also may result in additional legal or regulatory requirements
designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment. Increased energy
or compliance costs and expenses due to increased legal or regulatory requirements may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs
associated with, the manufacturing and distribution of our beverage products. The effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives
to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

 . 

 Adverse
weather conditions could reduce the demand for our products. 

The
sales of our products are influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. Unusually cold or rainy
weather during the summer months may have a temporary effect on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could
have an adverse effect on our results of operations for such periods. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Property 

The
Company leases 8,620 square feet of office space in Norwalk, Connecticut, which serves as our principal executive offices. The lease
commenced September 1, 2018, and continues in effect for a period of 5.5 years. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we are a party to ordinary, routine litigation incidental to our business. Our management evaluates our exposure to these
claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation if the amount of the loss
is estimable and the loss is probable. 

We
are not party to any material pending legal proceedings (including environmental proceedings), other than ordinary, routine litigation
incidental to the business at the current time. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty,
we believe that the final outcome of ordinary, routine litigation will not have a material adverse impact on our financial position,
liquidity, or results of operations. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

32 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our
common stock was delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market on February 16, 2023. Concurrently, our common stock became quoted on the OTCQX
Best Market. We continue to trade under the symbol REED . 

On
December 21, 2021, our shareholders approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock from 120 million to 180 million.
On January 24, 2023, our shareholders approved a up to a 1:50 reverse stock split of our common stock. Effective January 27, 2023, we
effected the 1:50 reverse stock split of our common stock. 

As of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 165
holders of record of the common stock and 2,602,399 outstanding shares of common stock. The holders of record do not include those stockholders
whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased 265 shares of common stock from an officer for 2 based on the market value of share
on the date repurchased. We retired the shares. 

We currently
have no expectation to pay cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

None
that have not been previously disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

Pursuant
to the SEC s Regulation S-K Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 106.01, the information required by this Item pursuant to
Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K relating to securities authorized for issuance under the Corporation s equity compensation plans
is located in Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis may contain forward-looking
statements based on assumptions about our future business. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these
forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those set forth under Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

In
addition to our GAAP results, the following discussion includes Modified EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance. We
present Modified EBITDA because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods
on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. In addition, we
use Modified EBITDA in developing our internal budgets, forecasts, and strategic plan; in analyzing the effectiveness of our
business strategies in evaluating potential acquisitions; making compensation decisions; and in communications with our board of
directors concerning our financial performance. Modified EBITDA is not a recognized measurement under GAAP and should not be
considered as an alternative to net income, income from operations or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP,
or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. We define Modified EBITDA as net income
(loss), plus interest expense, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, changes in fair value of warrant expense,
legal settlement, and one-time restructuring-related costs including employee severance and asset impairment. 

The
following discussion also includes the use of gross billing, a key performance indicator and metric. Gross billing represents invoiced
amounts to distributors and retailers, excluding sales adjustments. Gross billing may include deductions from MSRP or list price ,
where applicable, and excludes promotional costs of generating such sales. Management utilizes gross billing to monitor operating performance
of products and salespersons, which performance can be masked by the effect of promotional or other allowances. Management believes that
the presentation of gross billing provides a useful measure of Reed s operating performance. 

33 

Amounts
presented in the discussion below are in thousands, except share and per share amounts. 

Results
of Operations 

Overview 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company continued to strengthen its supply chain, implement gross margin enhancement initiatives,
drive efficiencies in transportation and warehouse costs and reduce operating expenses. In addition, it continues to build its innovation
pipeline with sustained growth in Reed s Real Ginger Ale and Reed s Classic Mule. At the end of the first quarter, the Company
shipped its rebranded Virgil s zero sugar line in 12 oz. sleek cans and produced its new line of Reed s Hard Ginger Ale. 

The
Company remains focused on driving sales growth, improving gross margin, and reducing freight costs. The sales growth focus is on channel
expansion, increase in store placements, new product introduction and improved sales execution. The margin enhancement initiative is
driven by packaging savings, co-packer upgrades, and better leveraged purchasing and improved efficiency. Underpinning these initiatives
is a focus on strategically reducing operating costs particularly delivery and handling expenses. 

Recent
Trends Market Conditions 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact our operating results and the Company anticipates a residual
effect for the balance of the year. In addition, the pandemic could cause reduced demand for our products if, for example, the pandemic
results in a recessionary economic environment which negatively effects the consumers who purchase our products. Based on the recent
increase in demand for our products, we believe that over the long term, there will continue to be strong demand for our products. 

Although
the U.S. economy continued to grow during the first quarter of 2022, the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, higher inflation,
the actions by the Federal Reserve to address inflation, and rising energy prices create uncertainty about the future economic environment
which will continue to evolve and may impact our business in future periods. We have experienced supply chain challenges, including increased
lead times, as well as inflation of raw materials, logistics and labor costs due to availability constraints and high demand. Although
we regularly monitor companies in our supply chain, and use alternative suppliers when necessary and available, supply chain constraints
could cause a disruption in our ability to obtain raw materials required to manufacture our products and adversely affect our operations.
We expect the inflationary trends and supply chain pressures to continue throughout 2023. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company experienced moderation from elevated freight costs. While the average cost of shipping
and handling for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 3.95 per case, which is the same as the 3.95 per case for the year ended December
31, 2021, it was significantly higher during the first half of the year, however, was significantly reduced during the second half of
the year. The Company believes these challenges will continue throughout the year. In addition, the Company experienced increases in
the pricing of several of its raw materials and delays in procuring several of these items. However, mitigation plans have been implemented
to manage this risk. Additionally, the Company was negatively impacted by supply chain challenges impacting our ability to benefit from
strong demand for, and increased sales of our product. The disruption caused by labor shortages, significant raw material cost inflation,
logistics issues and increased freight costs, and ongoing port congestion, resulted in suppressed margins and net income. The Company
anticipates a continued impact throughout 2023. 

Our
ability to operate without significant incremental negative operational impact from the COVID-19 pandemic will in part depend on our
ability to protect our employees and protect our supply chain. The Company has endeavored to follow the recommended actions of government
and health authorities to protect our employees. Since the inception of the COVID-19 pandemic and through December 31, 2022, we maintained
the consistency of our operations during the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue to innovate in managing our business, coordinating
with our employees and suppliers to do our part to be responsible to our employees and business partners in responding to our customers
and suppliers. However, the uncertainty resulting from the pandemic could result in an unforeseen disruption to our workforce and supply
chain (for example an inability of a key supplier or transportation supplier to source and transport materials) that could negatively
impact our operations. 

34 

We
have not observed any material impairments of our assets or a significant change in the fair value of our assets due to the COVID-19
pandemic. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Ukraine conflict did not have a direct material impact on our financial position, results of operations
and liquidity. 

Results
of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 

The
following table sets forth key statistics for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, in thousands: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Pct. 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Gross billing (A) 

59,464 

54,658 

9 

Less: Promotional and other allowances (B) 

6,423 

5,059 

27 

Net sales 

53,041 

49,599 

7 

Cost of goods sold 

40,929 

36,001 

14 

of Gross billing 

69 

66 

of Net sales 

77 

73 

Gross profit 

12,112 

13,598 

-11 

of Net sales 

23 

27 

Expenses 

Delivery and handling 

11,603 

11,939 

-3 

of Net sales 

22 

24 

Dollar per case ) 

3.95 

3.95 

Selling and marketing 

7,316 

9,665 

-24 

of Net sales 

14 

19 

General and administrative 

7,489 

7,965 

-6 

of Net sales 

14 

16 

Provision for receivable with former related party 

538 

- 

- 

of Net sales 

1 

0 

Total Operating expenses 

26,946 

29,569 

-9 

Loss from operations 

(14,834) 

(15,971) 

-7 

Interest expense and other expense 

(5,223) 

(431) 

1,112 

Net loss 

(20,057) 

(16,402) 

22 

Loss per share basic and diluted 

(9.07) 

(8.99) 

1 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic diluted 

2,211,319 

1,824,688 

21 

35 

(A) 
 We
 define gross billing as the total sales for the Company unadjusted for costs related to generating those sales. Management utilizes
 gross billing as an indicator of and to monitor operating performance of products and salespersons before the effect of any promotional
 or other allowances, which are determined in accordance with GAAP, and can mask certain performance issues. We believe that the presentation
 of gross billing provides a useful measure of our operating performance. Additionally, gross billing may not be comparable to similarly
 titled measures used by other companies, as gross billing has been defined by our internal reporting practices . 

(B) 
 We
 define promotional and other allowances as costs deducted from gross billing which are associated with generating those sales. Management
 utilizes promotional and other allowances as an indicator of and to monitor operating performance of products, salespersons, and
 customer agreements. We believe that the presentation of promotional and other allowances provides a useful measure of our operating
 performance. The presentation of promotional and other allowances facilitates an evaluation of their impact on the determination
 of net sales and the spending levels incurred or correlated with such sales. The expenditures described in this line item are determined
 in accordance with GAAP and meet GAAP requirements, the disclosure thereof does not conform to GAAP presentation requirements. Additionally,
 our definition of promotional and other allowances may not be comparable to similar items presented by other companies. Promotional
 and other allowances primarily include consideration given to the Company s distributors or retail customers including, but
 not limited to the following: (i) reimbursements given to the Company s distributors for agreed portions of their promotional
 spend with retailers, including slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees for both new and existing products; (ii) the Company s
 agreed share of fees given to distributors and/or directly to retailers for in-store marketing and promotional activities; (iii)
 the Company s agreed share of slotting, shelf space allowances and other fees given directly to retailers; (iv) incentives
 given to the Company s distributors and/or retailers for achieving or exceeding certain predetermined sales goals; and (v)
 discounted or free products. Promotional and other allowances constitute a material portion of our marketing activities. The Company s
 promotional allowance programs with its numerous distributors and/or retailers are executed through separate agreements in the ordinary
 course of business. These agreements generally provide for one or more of the arrangements described above and are of varying durations,
 ranging from one week to one year. 

Sales,
Cost of Sales, and Gross Margins 

The
following chart sets forth key statistics for the transition of the Company s top line activity through the years ended December
31, 2022. 

Total 

Total 

Per
 Case 

Per
 Case 

2022 

2021 

vs
 PY 

2022 

2021 

vs
 PY 

Cases: 

Reed s 

1,582 

1,605 

-1 

Virgil s 

1,209 

1,388 

-13 

Total
 Core 

2,791 

2,993 

-7 

Non-Core 

131 

2 

6432 

Candy 

18 

28 

-36 

Total 

2,940 

3,023 

-3 

Gross
 Billing: 

Core 

54,613 

53,263 

3 

19.6 

17.8 

10 

Non-Core 

4,032 

362 

1014 

30.9 

181.0 

-83 

Candy 

819 

1,033 

-21 

45.3 

36.9 

23 

Total 

59,464 

54,658 

9 

20.2 

18.1 

12 

Discounts:
 Total 

(6,423) 

(5,059) 

27 

(2.2) 

(1.7) 

31 

COGS: 

Core 

(37,931) 

(34,804) 

9 

(13.6) 

(11.6) 

17 

Non-Core 

(2,568) 

(304) 

745 

(19.7) 

(152.0) 

-87 

Candy 

(430) 

(893) 

-52 

(23.8) 

(31.9) 

-25 

Total 

(40,929) 

(36,001) 

14 

(13.9) 

(11.9) 

17 

Gross
 Margin: 

12,112 

13,598 

-11 

4.1 

4.5 

-8 

as
 Net Sales 

23 

27 

36 

Sales,
Cost of Sales, and Gross Margins 

As
part of the Company s ongoing initiative to simplify and streamline operations the Company has identified core products on which
to place its strategic focus. These core products consist of Reed s and Virgil s branded beverages. Non-core products consist
primarily of Wellness Shots, candy and slower selling discontinued Reed s and Virgil s SKUs. 

Core
beverage volume for the year ended December 31, 2022, represents 95 of all beverage volume. 

Core
brand gross billing increased by 3 to 54,613 compared to the same period last year, driven by Reed s volume decline of 1 and
Virgil s volume decline of 13 . The result is an increase in total gross billing of 9 , to 59,464 in the year ended December 31,
2022, from 54,658 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Price on our core brands increased 10.0 to 19.57 per case due to a shift
in mix to lower priced, higher margin products. 

Discounts
as a percentage of gross billing increased to 11 from 9 in the same period last year. As a result, net sales revenue grew 7 in the
year ended December 31, 2022, to 53,041, compared to 49,599 in the same period last year. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold increased 4,928 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period last year. As a percentage of
net sales, cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 77 as compared to 73 for the same period last year. 

The
total cost of goods per case increased to 13.92 per case in the year ended December 31, 2022, from 11.91 per case for the same period
last year. The cost of goods sold per case on core brands was 13.59 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 11.63 for
the same period last year. 

Gross
Margin 

Gross
margin was 23 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 27 for the same period last year. 

Operating
Expenses 

Delivery
and Handling Expenses 

Delivery
and handling expenses consist of delivery costs to customers and warehousing costs incurred for handling our finished goods after production.
Delivery and handling expense decreased by 336 in the years ended December 31, 2022, to 11,603 from 11,939 in the same period last
year, driven by decreased volumes, ecommerce fulfilment costs, and decreasing freight rates due to market conditions. Delivery costs
in the year ended December 31, 2022, were 22 of net sales and 3.95 per case, compared to 24 of net sales and 3.95 per case during
the same period last year. 

Selling
and Marketing Expenses 

Marketing expenses consist of direct marketing, marketing
labor, and marketing support costs. Selling expenses consist of all other selling-related expenses including personnel and contractor
support. Total selling and marketing expenses decreased 2,349 to 7,316 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 9,665 during
the same period last year. As a percentage of net sales, selling and marketing costs decreased to 14 during the year ended December 31,
2022, as compared to 19 during the same period last year. The decrease was driven by lower employee related costs, stock compensation,
distributor buyouts and reduced sampling and marketing spend partially offset by higher broker fees. 

37 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses consist primarily
of the cost of executive, administrative, operations and finance personnel, as well as professional fees. General and administrative expenses
decreased in the year ended December 31, 2022, to 7,489 from 7,965, a decrease of 476 over the same period last year. As a percentage
of net sales, general and administrative expenses decreased to 14 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 16 during
the same period last year. The decrease was driven by lower legal settlements, stock compensation and employee related costs, and bad
debt expense, partially offset by higher public company costs and co-packer downtime charges. 

Provision for Receivable with Former Related
Party 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had a receivable
due from California Custom Beverage, LLC s CCB ), an entity owned by Christopher J. Reed, a former related party.
At December 31, 2022, CCB disputes that it owes 1,043 recorded as receivable
by the Company. The Company believes that it will prevail in this dispute, however, as of December 31, 2022, due to the uncertainty about
the ultimate amount that will be settled, the Company has provided a reserve for 538 based on management s estimate. 

Loss from Operations 

The loss from operations was 14,834 for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as compared to a loss of 15,971 in the same period last year driven by decreased gross profit partially offset
by decreases in operating expenses discussed above. 

Interest
and Other Income (Expense) 

Interest
and other income for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of 5,223 of interest expense. During the same period last year, interest
and other expense consisted of consisted of 1,201 of interest expense offset by 770 gain on forgiveness of debt. 

Modified
EBITDA 

In addition to our GAAP results, we present Modified
EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance. However, Modified EBITDA is not a recognized measurement under GAAP and should not
be considered as an alternative to net income, income from operations or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP,
or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. We define Modified EBITDA as net income (loss),
plus interest expense, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, changes in fair value of warrant expense, legal settlement,
and one-time restructuring-related costs including employee severance and asset impairment. 

Management
considers our core operating performance to be that which our managers can affect in any particular period through their management of
the resources that affect our underlying revenue and profit generating operations during that period. Non-GAAP adjustments to our results
prepared in accordance with GAAP are itemized below. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider them
appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Modified EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that
are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. Our presentation of Modified EBITDA should not be construed
as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. 

38 

Set
forth below is a reconciliation of net loss to Modified EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net loss 

(20,057) 

(16,402) 

Modified EBITDA adjustments: 

Depreciation and amortization 

225 

243 

Interest expense 

5,223 

1,201 

Stock option and other noncash compensation 

859 

1,927 

Provision for receivable with former related party 

538 

- 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

- 

(770) 
 
 Legal settlement 

- 

292 

Severance costs 

66 

- 

Total EBITDA adjustments 

6,911 

2,893 

Modified EBITDA 

(13,146) 

(13,509) 

We
present Modified EBITDA because we believe it assists investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on
a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. In addition, we use Modified
EBITDA in developing our internal budgets, forecasts and strategic plan; in analyzing the effectiveness of our business strategies in
evaluating potential acquisitions; making compensation decisions; and in communications with our board of directors concerning our financial
performance. Modified EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, which includes, among others, the following: 

Modified
 EBITDA does not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 

Modified
 EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 

Modified
 EBITDA does not reflect future interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on
 our debts; and 

Although
 depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in
 the future, and Modified EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements. 

Liquidity,
Capital Resources and Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that the Company will continue as a going concern for one year
from the date these financial statements are issued. Such assumption contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net loss of 20,057 and used cash in operations of 15,530. As of December 31,
2022, we had a cash balance of 533, with 110 of current availability, and 1,633 of additional borrowing capacity, a stockholder s
deficit of 8,470 and negative working capital of 1,563, compared to a cash balance of 49 with
borrowing capacity of 109, stockholders equity of 4,203 and working capital of 2,981 at December 31, 2021 . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement with Whitebox Advisors, LLC and agreed to issue
 13,750 of secured convertible promissory notes (the Notes ). The net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes, after deducting
placement agent fees and other debt issuance costs, was approximately 12,430. 

39 

The
Notes will mature on May 9, 2025, bear interest at a rate of 10 per annum (with 5 per annum payable in cash and 5 per annum payable
 in kind by adding such accrued interest to the principal amount of the Notes). The Notes are secured by substantially all
of the Company s assets (including all of its intellectual property) and are subject to a collateral sharing agreement with ACS,
the Company s existing secured lender (see Note 5). During the year ended December 31, 2022, principal payments of 800 were made,
and accrued interest of 1,052 was added to the principal balance, leaving a balance owed of 11,502 at December 31, 2022. 

Historically,
we have financed our operations through public and private sales of common stock, issuance of preferred and common stock, convertible
debt instruments, term loans and credit lines from financial institutions, and cash generated from operations. To alleviate these conditions,
management is currently evaluating various funding alternatives and may seek to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity,
mezzanine or debt securities, through arrangements with strategic partners or through obtaining credit from financial institutions. As
we seek additional sources of financing, there can be no assurance that such financing would be available to us on favorable terms or
at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing in the debt and equity capital markets is subject to several factors, including market
and economic conditions, our performance and investor sentiment with respect to us and our industry. 

We
have taken decisive action to improve our margins, including fully outsourcing our manufacturing process, streamlining our product portfolio,
negotiating improved vendor contracts and restructuring our selling prices. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of the Company s financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Some of those judgments can
be subjective and complex, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or
conditions. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in
relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Management regularly evaluates
the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances,
historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include those related to assumptions used in estimates for reserves
of uncollectible accounts, inventory obsolescence, depreciable lives of property and equipment, analysis of impairments of recorded long-term
tangible and intangible assets, realization of deferred tax assets, accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions made in valuing
stock instruments issued for services. There were no changes to our critical accounting policies described in the consolidated financial
statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, that impacted our condensed consolidated
financial statements and related notes included herein. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2 of the financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, Reed s is not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A. 

40 

Item
8. Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Reed s, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Reed s, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
related statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss and utilized cash in operations.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans to
alleviate these conditions are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Inventory
Valuation 

As
described in Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements, the Company s inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable
value, determined on first-in, first-out FIFO basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held inventories of 16.2 million.
In determining net realizable value, management considers historical usage, forecasted demand in relation to inventory on hand, market
conditions, and other factors. 

We
identified the evaluation of management s estimate of the net realizable value of certain inventory as a critical audit matter,
because of the significant judgments made by management in estimating future demand and market conditions which are used to arrive at
the net realizable value. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased auditor effort in auditing such assumptions. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

We
 evaluated management s product demand forecast for reasonableness considering historical
 sales by product, and whether they were consistent with the historical data and evidence
 obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 We
 developed an independent expectation of the net realizable value of inventory using historic
 inventory activity and compared our independent expectation to the amount recorded in the
 financial statements. 

Accounts
payable to former related party 

As described in Note 13 to the financial
statements, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has an arrangement with California Custom Beverage, LLC CCB ), a
former related party and one of its one copackers. In the opinion of management, the arrangement allows for the cost of certain
services provided by CCB to be offset to certain amounts due the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net
payable of 1,248 due to CCB. 

We identified the net payable to CCB as a
critical audit matter because of the significant judgements made by management in estimating net payable to CCB including the
Company s determination that a right of offset exists related to amounts payable to and amounts receivable from CCB. This
required a high degree of auditor judgement to assess the reasonableness of management s conclusions. 

The
primary procedures we performed related to the net payable to CCB included: 

We
 inquired of management and external legal counsel to gain an understanding of the relevant facts and circumstances related to the
 net payable to CCB. 

We
 obtained and read the contract, as amended, related to transactions between the Company and CCB. 

We agreed
 amounts to a schedule of accumulated costs and offsets. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of management s conclusions regarding the net payable to CCB. 

We
 assessed the sufficiency of management s disclosures related to the net payable to CCB. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 

/s/ . 

May
15, 2023 

F- 2 

REED S,
INC, 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

 (Amounts
in thousands, except share amounts) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 

Inventory, net 

Receivable from former related party 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Intangible assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Revolving line of credit, net of capitalized financing costs of and , respectively 

Payable to former related party 

Current portion of convertible notes payable, net of debt discount of and , respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible note payable, net of debt discount of and , respectively, less current portion 

Lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity (deficit): 

Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

REED S,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Amounts
in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net Sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Delivery and handling expense 

Selling and marketing expense 

General and administrative expense 

Provision for receivable with former related party 
 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP note payable 
 - 

Interest expense 

Net loss 

Dividends on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Loss per share basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

REED S,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Amounts
in thousands except share amounts) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Common Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Additional Paid In 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of warrants issued as financing costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested restricted shares granted to officers 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividends on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Repurchase of common stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common shares issued on exercise of options 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common shares issued for financing costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common shares issued pursuant to a rights offering, net of offering costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Balance 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair value of vested restricted shares granted to officers 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Repurchase of common stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dividends on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common shares issued for financing costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common shares issued for interest payment 

- 
 - 

Common shares issued pursuant to a rights offering, net of offering costs 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Balance 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

REED S,
INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Amounts
in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Loss on disposal of property equipment 
 - 

Gain on termination of leases 
 - 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP note payable 
 - 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of prepaid financing costs 

Fair value of vested options 

Fair value of vested restricted shares granted to directors and officers for services 

Common shares issued as financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Change in allowance for doubtful accounts 

Provision for receivable with former related party 
 
 - 
 
 Change in inventory reserve 

Accrued interest on convertible note 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Decrease in right of use assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Intangible asset trademark costs 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings under revolving line of credit 

Repayments of revolving line of credit 

Capitalization of financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from convertible note payable, net of expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of convertible note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Amounts from former related party 

Principal repayments on finance lease obligation 
 - 

Exercise of options 
 - 

Repurchase of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Dividends on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

Fair value of warrant recorded to prepaid expenses 
 - 

Common Shares issued for financing costs 

Common Shares issued for principal payment 
 
 - 
 
 Common Shares issued for interest payment 
 
 - 
 
 Note Payable principal extinguished 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

REED S,
INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (In
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

. All shares and per share amounts
and information presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split for all periods presented. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, for the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net loss of and used cash in operations of . These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the financial statements are
issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going
concern. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of , with of current availability, and of additional borrowing capacity. 

Historically,
we have financed our operations through public and private sales of common stock, issuance of preferred and common stock, convertible
debt instruments, term loans and credit lines from financial institutions, and cash generated from operations. To alleviate these conditions,
management is currently evaluating various funding alternatives and may seek to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity,
mezzanine or debt securities, through arrangements with strategic partners or through obtaining credit from financial institutions. As
we seek additional sources of financing, there can be no assurance that such financing would be available to us on favorable terms or
at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing in the debt and equity capital markets is subject to several factors, including market
and economic conditions, our performance and investor sentiment with respect to us and our industry. 

We
have also taken decisive action to improve our margins, including fully outsourcing our manufacturing process, streamlining our product
portfolio, negotiating improved vendor contracts and restructuring our selling prices. 

Recent
Trends - Market Conditions 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic continued to impact our operating results and the Company anticipates a residual
effect for the balance of the year. In addition, the pandemic could cause reduced demand for our products if, for example, the pandemic
results in a recessionary economic environment which negatively affects the consumers who purchase our products. Based on the recent
increase in demand for our products, we believe that over the long term, there will continue to be strong demand for our products. 

Although
the U.S. economy continued to grow during the first quarter of 2022, the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, higher inflation,
the actions by the Federal Reserve to address inflation, and rising energy prices create uncertainty about the future economic environment
which will continue to evolve and may impact our business in future periods. We have experienced supply chain challenges, including increased
lead times, as well as inflation of raw materials, logistics and labor costs due to availability constraints and high demand. Although
we regularly monitor companies in our supply chain, and use alternative suppliers when necessary and available, supply chain constraints
could cause a disruption in our ability to obtain raw materials required to manufacture our products and adversely affect our operations.
We expect the inflationary trends and supply chain pressures to continue throughout 2023. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company experienced moderation from elevated freight costs. While the average cost of shipping
and handling for the year ended December 31, 2022, was per case, which is the same as the per case for the year ended December
31, 2021, it was significantly higher during the first half of the year, however, was significantly reduced during the second half of
the year. The Company believes these challenges will continue throughout the year. In addition, the Company experienced increases in
the pricing of several of its raw materials and delays in procuring several of these items. However, mitigation plans have been implemented
to manage this risk. Additionally, the Company was negatively impacted by supply chain challenges impacting our ability to benefit from
strong demand for, and increased sales of our product. The disruption caused by labor shortages, significant raw material cost inflation,
logistics issues and increased freight costs, and ongoing port congestion, resulted in suppressed margins and net income. The Company
anticipates a continued impact throughout 2023. 

Our
ability to operate without significant incremental negative operational impact from the COVID-19 pandemic will in part depend on our
ability to protect our employees and protect our supply chain. The Company has endeavored to follow the recommended actions of government
and health authorities to protect our employees. Since the inception of the COVID-19 pandemic and through December 31, 2022, we maintained
the consistency of our operations during the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. We will continue to innovate in managing our business, coordinating
with our employees and suppliers to do our part to be responsible to our employees and business partners in responding to our customers
and suppliers. However, the uncertainty resulting from the pandemic could result in an unforeseen disruption to our workforce and supply
chain (for example an inability of a key supplier or transportation supplier to source and transport materials) that could negatively
impact our operations. 

We
have not observed any material impairments of our assets or a significant change in the fair value of our assets due to the COVID-19
pandemic. 

Nasdaq
Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard 

On
August 16, 2021, the Company received a written notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq that the bid price of the Company s common stock had closed at less than 1 per share over the previous 30 consecutive business
days and, as a result, did not comply with Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Bid Price Rule ). In accordance with Listing Rule
5810(c)(3)(A), the Company was provided 180 calendar days, or until February 14, 2022, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule.
The Company did not regain compliance during the compliance period ended February 14, 2022. Accordingly, the Company requested that Nasdaq
grant the Company a second 180 calendar day period to regain compliance. On February 15, 2022, the Company was provided an additional
180 calendar day compliance period, or until August 15, 2022, to demonstrate compliance with the Bid Price Rule. The Company did not
regain compliance during the compliance period ended August 15, 2022. 

On
August 16, 2022, the Company received a written notice from Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the Company s continued non-compliance
with the Bid Price Rule, Nasdaq had determined to delist the Company s securities from Nasdaq unless the Company timely requested
a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The written notice also indicated that the Company was not in compliance
with the million minimum stockholders equity requirement for continued listing of the Company s common stock on Nasdaq
as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) (the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule ). The Company timely requested
a hearing with the Panel, and after a hearing on September 28, 2022, the Company was given until February 13, 2023, to regain compliance
with the Bid Price Rule, and to regain compliance with the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule. 

Effective
January 27, 2023, the Company achieved compliance with the Bid Price Rule after effecting a (see Reverse Stock Split
below). However, after evaluating options to achieve compliance with the Minimum Stockholders Equity Rule, the Company s
board of directors determined not to proceed with a dilutive capital raise. On February 14, 2023, the Company received a written notice
that the Nasdaq s Listing Qualifications staff has determined that the Company s securities were to be delisted from Nasdaq,
and trading in the Company s common stock was suspended from the Nasdaq Capital Market on February 16, 2023. On February 16, 2023,
the Company s common stock began being quoted for trading on the OTCQX US Market, operated by OTC Markets, Inc. OTCQX ),
and the Company continues to be a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

At
a special meeting of shareholders held on January 24, 2023, the Company s shareholders granted the Company s board of directors
the discretion to effect a reverse stock split of the common stock through an amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended, at a ratio of any ratio not less than , at any time on or prior to January 24, 2024, with
the exact ratio to be set at a whole number within this range by the board of directors in its sole discretion. On January 25, 2023,
the Company announced that its board of directors approved a of the Company s issued and outstanding
shares of common stock, par value per share. 

The
authorized number of shares of common stock were not affected by the reverse stock split. No fractional shares were issued in connection
with the reverse stock split, as all fractional shares were rounded up to the next whole share. Accordingly, all share and per share
amounts presented herein with respect to common stock have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the above-described reverse stock split
for all periods presented. 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

- 
 years 
 
 Machinery
 and equipment 

years 

Management
assesses the carrying value of property and equipment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may
not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment, management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from
the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment
loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company determined
there were indicators of impairment of its property and equipment. 

impairment of its indefinite-lived brand names. 

and for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the calculations of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive
securities would have had an anti-dilutive effect. The potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following: 

Common stock equivalent of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock 

Convertible note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Unvested restricted common stock 

Options 

Total 

. 

segment for the manufacture and distribution of our products. In accordance with the Segment Reporting 
Topic of the ASC, the Company s chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Chief Executive Officer and President,
who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire Company. Existing
guidance, which is based on a management approach to segment reporting, establishes requirements to report selected segment information
quarterly and to report annually entity-wide disclosures about products and services, major customers, and the countries in which the
entity holds material assets and reports revenue. All material operating units qualify for aggregation under Segment Reporting 
due to their similar customer base and similarities in economic characteristics, nature of products and services, and procurement, manufacturing
and distribution processes. Since the Company operates in one segment, all financial information required by Segment Reporting 
can be found in the accompanying financial statements. 

. Generally,
the Company s policy is to minimize borrowing costs by immediately applying cash receipts to borrowings against its credit facility.
From time to time, however, the Company may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the FDIC limit.
To minimize the risk, the Company s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. 

Gross
sales. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s largest two customers accounted for and of gross sales,
respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s largest two customers accounted for and of gross sales,
respectively. 

Accounts
receivable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accounts receivable from two customers which comprised and of its gross
accounts receivable, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had accounts receivable from one customer which comprised 
of its gross accounts receivable. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company utilized six separate co-packers for most its production and bottling of beverage
products in the United States. The Company utilizes co-packers to produce of its products. The Company has long-standing relationships
with two different co-packers, and in conjunction with the sale of its manufacturing plant we entered into a third co-packing agreement
with California Custom Beverage LLC CCB ), the purchaser of the plant (see Note 13). CCB is owned by Chris Reed, founder
of the Company and formerly Chief Executive Officer, Chairman, director, and most recently, Chief Innovation Officer. Although there
are other packers, a change in co-packers may cause a delay in the production process, which could ultimately affect operating results. 

Purchases
from vendors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s largest vendor accounted for approximately of all
purchases. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s largest two vendors accounted for approximately and of
all purchases, respectively. No other vendor accounted for more than 10 of the total vendor purchases. 

Accounts
payable. As of December 31, 2022, no vendor accounted for more than of the total accounts payable. As of December 31, 2021, no vendor
accounted for more than of the total accounts payable. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 

In
September 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . ASU 2016-13 requires entities
to use a forward-looking approach based on current expected credit losses CECL to estimate credit losses on certain types
of financial instruments, including trade receivables. This may result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. ASU 2016-13
is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2023, and early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe the potential impact
of the new guidance and related codification improvements will be material to its financial position, results of operations and cash
flows. 

Other
recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s
present or future financial statements. 

Finished products 

Total 

Computer hardware and software 

Machinery and equipment 

Total cost 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net book value 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively, and amortization of right-of-use assets for
the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 as and , respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company disposed of right-of-use assets under finance leases with a cost of and accumulated
amortization of and terminated of related finance leases payable. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company disposed the equipment held for sale and recorded a loss on disposal of . 

indications of impairment at December
31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company capitalized costs of and , respectively, pertaining to legal and other fees
incurred in applying for international trademarks for Reeds and Virgil s brands. 

Trademarks 

Total 

- 
 
 Line of credit Rosenthal Rosenthal 
 - 

Capitalized financing costs 

Total 

Alterna
Capital Solutions 

On
March 28, 2022, the Company entered into a financing agreement with Alterna Capital Solutions ACS ), for a line of credit
to replace its existing credit facility. The ACS line of credit is for a term of years, provides for borrowings of up to , and
is secured by eligible accounts receivable and inventory. An over advance rider provides for up to of additional borrowing above
the collateralized base (the Over Advance up to a total borrowing of . At December 31, 2022, of current availability
and of borrowing capacity was available under the financing agreement. 

.
A loan balance of less than will bear interest at a rate in line with account receivables advances plus the monthly monitoring
fee of . 

The
Company incurred of direct costs of the transaction, consisting primarily of broker, bank and legal fees. These costs have been
capitalized and are being amortized over the -year life of the ACS agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, amortization of
debt discount was , and as of December 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized debt discount balance is . 

Rosenthal
 Rosenthal (paid off in full on March 30, 2022) 

In
2018, the Company entered into a financing agreement with Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. Rosenthal that provided a maximum
borrowing capacity of , based on eligible accounts receivable and inventories (the permitted borrowings plus advances
(an over-advance of up to in excess of permitted borrowings. On March 30, 2022, the Company paid in full the outstanding
balance on its credit facility with Rosenthal with proceeds from ACS discussed above. 

Borrowings
under the Rosenthal financing agreement bore interest at the greater of prime or , plus an additional to depending on
whether the borrowing was based upon receivables, inventory or is an over-advance. Additionally, the Rosenthal line of credit was subject
to monthly facility and administration fees, and aggregate minimum monthly fees (including interest) of . 

The
line of credit was secured by substantially all of the assets, excluding intellectual property, of the Company. The over-advance was
secured by all of Reed s intellectual property collateral. by a guarantor with a 2,000 pledge of securities to Rosenthal by John J.
Bello and Nancy E. Bello, as Co-Trustees of The John and Nancy Bello Revocable Living Trust. John J. Bello, current Chairman and former
Interim Chief Executive Officer of Reed s, is a related party, and greater than beneficial owner of Reed s common stock .
As consideration for the collateral support, Mr. Bello received shares of Reed s restricted stock, with a fair value of
 which was recorded a prepaid financing cost. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of the prepaid financing cost was amortized,
and as of December 31, 2022, there was remaining unamortized prepaid finance cost balance. 

The
Company annually incurred an additional of fees from Rosenthal, or of the borrowing limit. Amortization of this debt
discount was and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, there was remaining
unamortized debt discount balance. 

- 
 
 Accrued interest 
 
 - 
 
 Capitalized financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Long term portion 
 
 - 

Secured
Convertible Note Payable 

In
May 2022, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement and agreed to issue of secured convertible promissory notes (the
 Notes to entities affiliated with Whitebox Advisors, LLC (collectively, Whitebox ). . The Notes are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets (including all
of its intellectual property) and are subject to a collateral sharing agreement with ACS, the Company s existing secured lender
(see Note 6). The Notes mature on . 

On
May 9, 2022, the Company issued of Notes to Whitebox. In September 2022, the Company issued an additional of Notes to
Whitebox. The net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes, after deducting placement agent fees and other debt issuance costs, was approximately
 . In November 2022, the Company paid off the of Notes in cash. Beginning in August 2022, of the Notes have an amortization
feature which requires the Company to make monthly payments of principal of plus accrued interest, payable in cash or in shares
of the Company s common stock at the option of the Company. Amortization payments that are paid in shares are priced at of
the average of the daily volume weighted average prices of the Company s common stock during the five trading days prior to the
date of amortization payment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made monthly amortization principal payments aggregating
 , made up of in cash, and the issuance of shares of common stock valued at . At December 31, 2022, the principal
balance of the Notes was . 

Effective February 10, 2023, the requirement for monthly amortization payments of due December
2022 to May 2023 was waived (see Note 15). Remaining amortization payments of principal, as amended, total approximately million
in 2023, million in 2024, and in 2025, leaving a principal balance of the Notes of approximately million due at maturity. 

Effective
August 11, 2022, the Notes were amended to add a fee for the amount that the Company s line of credit with ACS exceeds ,
as defined (the Excess ABL Amount ). In addition, Whitebox amended the amount of permitted indebtedness prior to September
30, 2022, to million. The Company was not in compliance with the Excess ABL Amount covenant at December 31, 2022, and received
a waiver of this covenant violation at December 31, 2022, on February 10, 2023. 

Upon
conversion, holders of the Note are entitled to receive an interest make-whole payment, as defined. The make-whole amount is equal to
the sum of the remaining scheduled payments of interest on the Notes to be converted that would be due if such notes matured ,
payable, at the Company s option in cash or in shares of common stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded interest of , made up of of interest on the Notes, related to
make whole interest on the Notes repaid in November 2022, and related to the excess line of credit debt fee. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made interest payments of , made up of in cash, and the issuance of shares
of common stock valued at . At December 31, 2022, the balance of accrued interest was . 

. 

The
Company s ability to settle conversions and make amortization payments and interest make-whole payments using shares of the Company s
common stock is subject to certain limitations set forth in the Notes. If the Company experiences a fundamental change as defined, the
holders of the notes have the right to require the Company to repurchase the notes for cash at a repurchase price equal to of the
principal amount, plus accrued interest thereon. Effective February 10, 2023, the repurchase price was amended to of the principal
amount, plus accrued interest (see Note 15). At December 31, 2022, the Notes, including accrued interest, are convertible into 
shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to a share conversion cap limit as defined in the Notes. 

The
Company incurred of direct costs of the transactions, consisting primarily of placement agent fees and other offering expenses.
These costs have been capitalized and are being amortized over the -year life of the Notes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, amortization
of debt discount was , and as of December 31, 2022, the remaining unamortized debt discount balance is . 

The
Company entered into a registration rights agreement with the holders, pursuant to which the Company agreed to register for resale shares
issuable under the Notes. 

and , respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2021, operating lease liabilities totaled . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made payments of
 towards its operating lease liability. As of December 31, 2022, operating lease liabilities totaled . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining lease terms for an operating lease are years. As of December 31, 2022, the
weighted average discount rate for operating lease is . 

2024 

Total payments 

Less: Amount representing interest 

Present value of net minimum lease payments 

Less: Current portion 

Non-current portion 

par value, non-cumulative, non-voting, participating
preferred stock, with a liquidation preference of per share. shares are authorized. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021,
there were shares outstanding. . 

Dividends
are payable at the rate of annually, pro-rata and non-cumulative. The dividend can be paid in cash or, at the discretion of our board
of directors, in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. The Company cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares
of our common stock until the holders of the Preferred Stock have received their annual dividend. In addition, the holders of the Preferred
Stock are entitled to receive pro rata distributions of dividends on an as converted basis with the holders of our common
stock. 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, or if there is a change of control event as defined, the holders
of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, prior to distributions to the holders of common stock, per share plus all accrued
and unpaid dividends. Thereafter, all remaining assets are distributed pro rata among all security holders. Since June 30, 2008, the
Company has the right, but not the obligation, to redeem all or any portion of the Preferred Stock at per share, the original
issue price, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. 

The
Preferred Stock may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder, into shares of common stock, subject to adjustment in
the event of stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalization, reclassification, and similar transactions. The Company
is obligated to reserve authorized but unissued shares of common stock sufficient to affect the conversion of all outstanding shares
of Preferred Stock. 

Except
as provided by law, the holders of the Preferred Stock do not have the right to vote on any matters, including the election of directors.
However, so long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the approval of a majority of the preferred
stockholders, authorize or issue any equity security having a preference over the Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, liquidation,
redemption or voting, including any other security convertible into or exercisable for any senior preferred stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid dividends on the Preferred Stock through the issuance of shares of its common stock,
respectively, which based upon the then-current market price of the stock equated to dividends of in each of the years. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company accrued dividends on the Preferred Stock of and is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying
balance sheets. No shares of Series A preferred stock were converted into common stock in 2022. 

Common
Stock 

The
Company s common stock has a par value of . On December 30, 2021, our shareholders approved an increase in the authorized
number of common shares from to . On December 21, 2020, our shareholders approved an increase in the authorized
number of common shares from to . As of December 31, 2022, there were shares authorized, and 
shares of common stock outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, there were shares authorized, and shares of common
stock outstanding. 

Common
Stock Issuance 

On
March 10, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors pursuant
to which the investors agreed to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase shares
of common stock in a private placement (including shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase shares
of common stock to investors who are officers and directors of the Company). The warrants have an exercise price of per share
for a period of commencing six months from the closing date of March 11, 2022. The purchase price per share of common stock
and associated warrant was for certain investors and was for investors who are officers and directors of the Company in
compliance with the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. The net proceeds to the Company, after deducting placement agent fees and other
offering expenses, was approximately million. The officers and directors of the Company purchased approximately million of
the securities in the offering. 

In
January 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at to John J. Bello and Nancy E. Bello, as Co-Trustees of The
John and Nancy Bello Revocable Living Trust as consideration for the pledge of securities to Rosenthal (see Note 6). John J. Bello,
current Chairman and former Interim Chief Executive Officer of Reed s, is a related party, and greater than beneficial owner
of Reed s common stock. 

On
May 5, 2021, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the Placement Agent and a securities purchase agreement with a certain purchaser for the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock, par value
 per share, in an offering of securities registered under an effective registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). In the offering, the Company sold shares of common stock, at a price of per share. The
offering closed on May 7, 2021, and total proceeds received, net of fees, were . . 

Common
stock repurchases. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased shares of common stock from an officer for based on the market value
of share on the date repurchased. The Company retired the shares. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased shares of common stock from an officer for based on the market value
of share on the date repurchased. The Company retired the shares. 

shares. Options issued and forfeited under the 2020 plan contain an Evergreen provision and cannot
be re-priced without shareholder approval. As of December 31, 2022, shares issuable under the 2020 Plan were . 

The
2020 Plan permits the grant of options and stock awards to our employees, directors and consultants. The options may constitute either
 incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code or non-qualified stock options .
The Plan is currently administered by the board of directors. . When an option is exercised, the purchase
price of the underlying stock is received in cash, except that the plan administrator may permit the exercise price to be paid in any
combination of cash, shares of stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise price, or as otherwise determined by the plan administrator. 

Restricted
common stock 

- 

Granted 
 
 - 

Vested 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 - 
 - 

Issued 
 - 

- 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Granted 
 
 - 

Vested 

- 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 
 
 - 

Issued 
 - 

- 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

On
January 26, 2022, the board of directors of Reed s, pursuant to a joint recommendation from its governance and compensation committees,
set the cash compensation of its non-employee directors at 50,000 for fiscal 2022, payable quarterly in accordance with the company s
policies for non-employee director compensation. In addition, the Company granted restricted stock awards to five non-employee
directors. of these restricted stock awards vested on February 1, 2022, May 1, 2022, August 1, 2022, and November 1, 2022. The
aggregate fair value of the stock awards was based on the market price of our common stock price which was per share on the
date of grants and is amortized as shares vest. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued restricted stock awards to five non-employee directors. of these restricted
stock awards vested on February 1, 2021, May 1, 2021, August 1, 2021, and November 1, 2021. The aggregate fair value of the stock awards
was based on the market price of our common stock price which was per share on the date of grants and is amortized as shares
vest. 

The
total fair value of restricted common stock vesting during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively,
and is included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the amount
of unvested compensation related to issuances of restricted common stock was , which will be recognized as an expense in future periods
as the shares vest. When calculating basic loss per share, these shares are included in weighted average common shares outstanding from
the time they vest. When calculating diluted net income per share, these shares are included in weighted average common shares outstanding
as of their grant date. 

Stock
Options 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has issued stock options to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. The Company s
stock option activity during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Unvested forfeited or expired 

Vested forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Unvested forfeited or expired 

Vested forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company approved options exercisable into shares to be issued pursuant to Reed s 2020
Equity Incentive Plan. options were issued to employees, options vesting annually over a four -year vesting period, and 
options vesting based on performance criteria to be established by the board of directors. 

The
stock options are exercisable at a price of per share and expire in . The total fair value of these options at grant
date was approximately , which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following average assumption:
stock price of share, expected term of , volatility of , dividend rate of , and weighted average risk-free interest
rate of . The expected term represents the weighted-average period of time that share option awards granted are expected to be outstanding
giving consideration to vesting schedules and historical participant exercise behavior; the expected volatility is based upon historical
volatility of the Company s common stock; the expected dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company has not paid dividends
in the past and does not expect to pay dividends in the future; and the risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve
in effect at the time of measurement corresponding with the expected term of the share option award. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received proceeds of and issued shares of common shares on the exercise of stock
options. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company approved options exercisable into shares to be issued pursuant to Reed s 2020
Equity Incentive Plan. options were issued to employees, options vesting annually over a four -year vesting period, and
 options that will vest based on performance criteria to be established by the board of directors. 

The
stock options are exercisable at prices ranging from to per share and expire in s. The total fair value of these
options at grant date was approximately , which was determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following
average assumption: stock price of per share, expected term of , volatility of , dividend rate of , and weighted
average risk-free interest rate of . The expected term represents the weighted-average period of time that share option awards granted
are expected to be outstanding giving consideration to vesting schedules and historical participant exercise behavior; the expected volatility
is based upon historical volatility of the Company s common stock; the expected dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company
has not paid dividends in the past and does not expect to pay dividends in the future; and the risk-free interest rate is based on the
U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of measurement corresponding with the expected term of the share option award. 

In
the measurement of stock options granted in 2022 and 2021, the expected term represents the weighted-average period of time that share
option awards granted are expected to be outstanding giving consideration to vesting schedules and historical participant exercise behavior;
the expected volatility is based upon historical volatility of the Company s common stock; the expected dividend yield is based
on the fact that the Company has not paid dividends in the past and does not expect to pay dividends in the future; and the risk-free
interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of measurement corresponding with the expected term of
the share option award. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized and of compensation expense relating to vested stock options.
As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of unvested compensation related to stock options was approximately which will be
recorded as an expense in future periods as the options vest. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the outstanding options have no intrinsic value. The aggregate intrinsic value was calculated as the difference
between the closing market price as of December 31, 2022, which was , and the exercise price of the outstanding stock options. 

- 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

shares of common stock. The Company s
warrant activity during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 is as follows: 

- 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

- 
 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

- 

On
March 10, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional and accredited investors pursuant
to which the investors agreed to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase shares
of common stock in a private placement. The warrants have an exercise price of per share for a period of commencing
nine months from the closing date of March 11, 2022 (see Note 9). 

On
November 24, 2021, the Company granted John Bello, current Chairman, significant shareholder and former Interim Chief Executive Officer
of Reed s, who is a related party, a -year warrant to purchase shares of the Company common stock with an exercise price
of . The fair value of the warrants granted was determined to be and was recorded as a prepaid financing costs. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company amortized 148 of prepaid financing costs to interest expense, leaving a balance remaining
of to be amortized through July 2022. The fair value of the warrant was calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model
using the following assumptions stock price of ; exercise price of ; expected life of years; volatility of ;
dividend rate of and discount rate of . As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding warrants have no intrinsic value. The risk-free
interest rate is based on rates established by the Federal Reserve Bank. The Company uses the historical volatility of its common stock
to estimate its future volatility. The expected life of the warrant is based upon its remaining contractual life. The expected dividend
yield reflects that the Company has not paid dividends to its common stockholders in the past and does not expect to do so in the foreseeable
future. 

- 

State rate, net of federal benefit 

Effect of change in tax rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 
 - 
 - 

Disqualified corporate interest expense 

Stock-based compensation 

Accounts receivable allowances 

Inventory reserves 

Operating Least Liability 

Other 

Reserve for asset impairment 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Deferred finance costs 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 
 - 
 - 

At
December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards NOLs to reduce
future taxable income. For Federal purposes the amounts available were approximately , respectively. For state purposes
approximately and was available at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Federal carryforward for NOLs arising
in years prior to 2018 is approximately , which expires on various dates through . NOLs for 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 of approximately
 , can be carried forward indefinitely, but are only able to . The state carryforward
expires on various dates through 2042. Given the Company s history of net operating losses, management has determined that it is
more likely than not that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly, the Company has
not recognized a deferred tax asset for this benefit. 

Due
to restrictions imposed by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 regarding substantial changes in ownership of companies with loss carryforwards,
the utilization of the Company s NOLs may be limited as a result of changes in stock ownership. NOLs incurred subsequent to the
latest change in control are not subject to the limitation. 

The
Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained
on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial
statements from such a position is measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. 

The
Company recognizes as income tax expense, interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Tax years 2018 through 2022 remain open to examination
by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

Upon
the attainment of taxable income by the Company, management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the
use of the NOLs and will recognize the appropriate deferred tax asset at that time. 

royalty through 2021 on certain private label sales made by CCB. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company incurred co-packing fees due to CCB of and , respectively, of which and , were payable to CCB as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had also recorded receivables from CCB of and , respectively,
including royalty receivable of and , and charge backs of certain costs management determined were permittable under the co-packing
agreement of and , respectively. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accounts receivable due from and accounts
payable due to CCB were as follows: 

and zero at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accounts payable 

Net (payable) receivable 

A t
December 31, 2022, CCB disputes that it owes 
of the recorded as receivable by the Company. The Company believes that it will prevail in this dispute, however, as of
December 31, 2022, due to the uncertainty about the ultimate amount that will be settled, the Company has provided a reserve for
 
based on management s estimate. In addition, on April 19, 2023, the Company received a letter from CCB demanding payment of
various amounts, including the 
outstanding at December 31, 2022. The Company has determined that the probability of realizing any loss on the demand from CCB is
remote and therefore has not recorded any additional accruals related to the demand. 

(amended from of the principal amount, plus accrued interest. In addition, Whitebox exercised a partial option to purchase 
of additional notes (the Option Notes from the Company. The Option Notes bear interest at 
per annum. payable in cash and mature on . No amortization payments (as defined in the Notes) are payable on the Option Notes, and the Option Notes may be
prepaid without premium or penalty. 

On
February 13, 2023, the Company entered into a Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement with Whitebox. Whitebox waived the Company s
covenant violation of its Excess ABL Amount (see Note 7) at November 30, 2022, December 31, 2022, and January 31, 2023, and deferred
payment of the fee for the Excess ABL Amount until June 2023. In addition, Whitebox also temporarily waived any requirement that
the Company repurchase of the Notes in the event of fundamental change (as defined in the Notes), through April 1, 2023, subject to the
terms and conditions contained therein. 

As
an inducement, the company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock to the holders with a fair value of . The shares
issued and the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Option Notes are registrable and subject to that certain Registration
Rights Agreement dated May 9, 2023. 

F- 25 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief
Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
and the oversight of our audit committee, has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022. In assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, our management used the framework established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). Based on that evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2022. 

This
Annual Report does not contain an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm related to internal control
over financial reporting because the rules for smaller reporting companies provide an exemption from the attestation requirement. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

An
effective internal control system, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or
overriding of controls, and, therefore, can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to reliable financial reporting. Because of
its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements, including the possibility
of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable, 

41 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers , and Corporate Governance. 

General 

Reed s
current directors have terms which will end at the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until each of their successors is elected
and qualified. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our current directors and executive officers as of
date of this Annual Report: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Norman
 E. Snyder, Jr. 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Director 
 
 62 
 
 Joann
 Tinnelly 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 54 
 
 Christopher
 Burleson 
 
 Chief
 Commercial Officer 
 
 41 
 
 Neal
 Cohane 
 
 Chief
 Sales Officer 
 
 62 
 
 John
 J. Bello 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 77 
 
 Lewis
 Jaffe 
 
 Director,
 Chairman of Governance and Compensations Committee, Member of Audit and Operations Committee 
 
 66 
 
 James
 C. Bass 
 
 Director,
 Chairman of the Audit Committee and Member of Compensation Committee 
 
 71 
 
 Thomas
 W. Kosler 
 
 Director,
 Chairman of the Audit Committee 
 
 68 
 
 Louis
 Imbrogno, Jr. 
 
 Director,
 Member of the Audit Committee and Member of Compensation Committee 
 
 78 
 
 Leon
 M. Zaltzman 
 
 Director 
 
 54 

Business
Experience of Directors and Executive Officers 

Norman
E. Snyder, Jr. was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and director of Reed s effective March 1, 2020. Prior to his promotion,
Mr. Snyder served as Chief Operating Officer of Reed s from September 2019 through February 29, 2020. Prior to joining Reed s,
Mr. Snyder served as President and Chief Executive Office for Avitae USA, LLC, an emerging premium new age beverage company that markets
and sells a line of ready-to-drink caffeinated waters. Prior to Avitae, he served as the President and Chief Operating Officer for Adina
For Life, Inc., President and Chief Executive Officer of High Falls Brewing Company, and Chief Financial Officer, and later Chief Operating
Officer of South Beach Beverage Company, known as SoBe. In prior experience, Mr. Snyder served as Controller for National Football League
Properties, Inc., and in various roles at PriceWaterhouseCoopers during an eight-year tenure. Mr. Snyder earned a B.S. in Accounting
from the State University of New York at Albany. 

Joann
Tinnelly was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer effective March 31, 2023. She has
over 30 years of finance and accounting experience in global public and private equity company environments. She is a Certified Public
Accountant and has served as Vice President and Corporate Controller of Reed s since July 2018. She previously served as Interim
Chief Financial Officer of Reed s, from November 22, 2019, through December 1, 2019. Prior to joining Reed s, from May 2014
to May 2017, she served as Assistant Controller of Steel Excel, Inc., a subsidiary of Steel Partners Holdings, a global diversified holding
company. Prior to 2014, Ms. Tinnelly served as Vice President Financial Planning Analysis and as Assistant Corporate Controller
at USI Insurance Services, Assistant Vice President of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) Group, multiple financial roles at Momentive Performance
Materials and General Electric and financial auditing at PriceWaterhouseCoopers. Ms. Tinnelly holds a Master of Business Administration
in Finance and a Bachelor of Business Administration in Public Accounting both from Pace University. 

Christopher
Burleson was appointed Chief Commercial Officer effective February 1, 2023. In this role, Mr. Burleson leads the sales organization
as well as partners with the operations department to streamline supply chain and cost reduction initiatives. He also focuses on strategic
partnerships and growth opportunities. From April 25, 2022, to January 31, 2023, Mr. Burleson served as Chief Commercial Officer of Kin
Social Tonics. From March 19, 2018, through April 22, 2022, Mr. Burleson was a Vice President and General Manager of Fever Tree, USA.
Mr. Burleson also served as a director of Fever Tree USA. 

42 

Neal
Cohane has served as Reed s Chief Sales Officer since March of 2008 and previously as Vice President of Sales since August
2007. From March 2001 until August 2007, Mr. Cohane served in various senior-level sales and executive positions for PepsiCo, most recently
as Senior National Accounts Manager, Eastern Division. In this capacity, Mr. Cohane was responsible for all business development and
sales activities within the Eastern Division. From March 2001 until November 2002, Mr. Cohane served as Business Development Manager,
Non-Carbonated Division within PepsiCo where he was responsible for leading the non-carbonated category build-out across the Northeast
Territory. From 1998 to March 2001, Mr. Cohane spent three years at South Beach Beverage Company, most recently as Vice President of
Sales, Eastern Region. From 1986 to 1998, Mr. Cohane spent approximately twelve years at Coca-Cola of New York where he held various
senior-level sales and managerial positions, most recently as General Manager New York. Mr. Cohane holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration
from Merrimack College in North Andover, Massachusetts. 

John
J. Bello is Reed s Chairman and sales and marketing expert. Since 2001, Mr. Bello has been the Managing Director of JoNa
Ventures, a family venture fund. From 2004 to 2012 Mr. Bello also served as Principal and General Partner at Sherbrooke Capital, a venture
capital group dedicated to investing in leading, early-stage health and wellness companies. Mr. Bello is the founder and former CEO of
South Beach Beverage Company, the maker of nutritionally enhanced teas and juices marketed under the brand name SoBe. The company was
sold to PepsiCo in 2001 for 370 million and in the same year Ernst and Young named Mr. Bello National Entrepreneur of the Year in the
consumer products category for his work with SoBe. Before founding SoBe, Mr. Bello spent fourteen years at National Football League Properties,
the marketing arm of the NFL and served as its President from 1986 to 1993. As the President, Mr. Bello has been credited for building
NFL Properties into a sports marketing leader and creating the model by which every major sports league now operates. Prior to working
for the NFL, Mr. Bello served in marketing and strategic planning capacities at the Pepsi Cola Division of PepsiCo Inc. and in product
management roles for General Foods Corporation on the Sanka and Maxwell House brands. As a board chair, Mr. Bello has also worked with
IZZE in brand building, marketing and strategic planning capacities. That brand was also sold to PepsiCo. 

Mr.
Bello earned his BA from Tufts University, cum laude, and received his MBA from the Tuck School of business at Dartmouth College as an
Edward Tuck Scholar. Mr. Bello is extensively involved in non-profit work and currently serves as a Tufts University Trustee and advisory
board member (athletics) and the Veteran Heritage Project in Scottsdale, Arizona. Mr. Bello also serves on the board of Rockford Fosgate,
a seller of OEM audio equipment, and is executive director of Eye Therapies which has licensed its technology to Bausch and Lomb, who
markets a redness reduction eye drop under the Lumify brand name. 

James
C. Bass has served as a director since September 29, 2017, is Chairman of the Audit Committee and member of the Compensation
Committee. Mr. Bass is retired from the position of Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Sony Interactive Entertainment
America LLC, commonly referred to as the PlayStation business of Sony where he joined in 1995 as Vice President of Finance. Mr. Bass
has more than thirty-five years of financial and international management experience and was responsible for all of Sony s financial
operations and controls including general accounting and financial reporting, planning, analysis and systems, treasury and risk management,
internal audit, and federal, state and local income taxes. Prior experience includes holding several senior management positions encompassing
fourteen years with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, gaining international experience running operations in parts of Asia and Europe. 

Mr.
Bass also spent two years at Wang Laboratories as a Divisional Controller. He started his career in New York at the public accounting
firm, Haskins and Sells, now Deloitte Touche. Mr. Bass received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in accounting and
finance from Pace University, New York City. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. 

Lewis
Jaffe has served as a director since October 19, 2016, is Chairman of the Governance Committee and a member of the Audit and
Compensation Committees. Since August 2014, Mr. Jaffe is an Executive-in-Residence and Clinical Faculty at the Fred Kiesner Center for
Entrepreneurship, Loyola Marymount University. He is also a technology futurist, Executive Coach and Public Speaker. Since January 2010,
Mr. Jaffe has served on the board of FitLife Brands Inc. (FTLF:OTCBB) and serves on its audit, compensation and governance committees.
Since 2006 he has served on the board of directors of York Telecom, a private company, and serves on its compensation and governance
committees. From 2006 to 2008 Mr. Jaffe was Interim Chief Executive Officer and President of Oxford Media, Inc. Mr. Jaffe has also served
in executive management positions with Verso Technologies, Inc., Wireone Technologies, Inc., Picturetel Corporation, and he was also
previously a Managing Director of Arthur Andersen. Mr. Jaffe was the co-founder of MovieMe Network. Mr. Jaffe also served on the Board
of Directors of Benihana, Inc. as its lead independent director from 2004 to 2012. 

43 

Mr.
Jaffe is a graduate of the Stanford Business School Executive Program, holds a Bachelor of Science from LaSalle University and holds
a Master s Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors, a public company director education
and credentialing program. 

Louis
Imbrogno, Jr. has served as a director since August 7, 2019. He served a 40-year tenure at PepsiCo, bringing extensive expertise
in beverage supply chain and management. At PepsiCo he served in a variety of field operating assignments and staff positions including
the role of Senior Vice President of Worldwide Technical Operations. In this role he was responsible for Pepsi-Cola s worldwide
beverage quality, concentrate operations, research development and contract manufacturing, reporting directly to the heads of Pepsi-Cola
North America and PepsiCo Beverages International. Since Mr. Imbrogno s retirement from PepsiCo, he has consulted for multiple
companies including PepsiCo. 

Thomas
W. Kosler was appointed as director effective July 1, 2022. He has served as a mentor and strategic consultant through
his sole proprietorship, Kosler Company since 2018. Prior to his retirement, from 1982 through 2018, he was the founder and owner
of Kosler Company, S.C., a boutique CPA and consulting firm. From 2001 to 2018, he was also the founder and Managing Partner of
Brookhill Financial, LLC, an investment management firm focused on the retirement and investment accounts of clients of Kosler 
Company, S.C. Mr. Kosler earned a B.B.A. with a major in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee in 1976. Mr. Kosler
was a licensed Certified Public Accountant for over 31 years, a Certified Valuation Analyst for over 16 years, a Registered Investment
Advisor Representative for over 21 years and accredited in business valuations by the AICPA for over 8 years. 

Leon
M. Zaltzman has served as a director since March 21, 2022. Mr. Zaltzman is the founder and managing member of Union Square Park
Capital Management, LLC USPCM ), an SEC Registered Investment Adviser firm and is also the managing member of Union Square
Park GP USPGP ). USPCM and USPGP serve as the investment manager and general partner to Union Square Park Partners, LP USPP Fund ), respectively. Foregoing entities hereinafter collectively referred to as the Union Square Entities .
Prior to founding USPCM and USPGP in April 2015, Mr. Zaltzman worked at various major banks and investment firms for over twenty years.
Mr. Zaltzman received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia Business School in 1997 and a B.S.B.A. degree from the University of Denver in 1992. 

Legal
Proceedings 

In
2014, Louis Imbrogno Jr. served as Chief Executive Officer of Constar International, Inc. for a six-month period during a bankruptcy
proceeding and subsequent sale in a court administered public auction. He was not an executive officer of the company prior to the initiation
of the bankruptcy proceedings. 

Except
as described above, to the best of our knowledge, none of our executive officers or directors are parties to any material proceedings
adverse to Reed s, have any material interest adverse to Reed s or have, during the past ten years been subject to legal
or regulatory proceedings required to be disclosed hereunder. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our executive officers and directors. 

Corporate
Governance 

Audit
Committee of the Board 

The
Audit Committee was formed in January 2007. The board has determined that each member of our Audit Committee is an independent
director as defined by Rule 5605(a)(2) of The NASDAQ Stock Market Rules and that members of the Audit Committee are independent
under the additional requirements of Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The
board has determined Thomas W. Kosler meets SEC requirements of an audit committee financial expert within the meaning
of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, Section 407(b). In addition, the board determined that (i) none of the Audit Committee members have
participated in the preparation of the financial statements of the company at any time during the past three years and (2) Audit Committee
members are able to read and understand fundamental financial statements. Additionally, we intend to continue to have at least one member
of the Audit Committee whose experience or background results in the individual s financial sophistication. The Audit Committee
charter is posted on our website at www.reedsinc.com. 

44 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and all senior financial officers, including the Chief Financial Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer,
are bound by a Code of Ethics that complies with Item 406 of Regulation S-B of the Exchange Act. Our Code of Ethics is posted on our
website at http://investor.reedsinc.com . 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers
and beneficial holders of more than 10 of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership of our equity securities. 

To
our knowledge, based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to Reed s under 17 CFR
240.16a-3(e) during our fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the following individuals each filed one late Form 4 representing one
transaction (unless otherwise noted): Norman E. Snyder, Jr, Lewis Jaffe, Thomas W. Kosler, Rhonda Kallman (former director), Louis
Imbrogno, Jr. (2 transactions), James C. Bass, Rhonda Kallman (former director) and Leon M. Zaltzman each filed one late Form 3.
None of our officers or directors filed Form 5. 

Stockholder
Director Nomination Procedures 

There
have not been any material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table summarizes all compensation for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 earned by our Named Executive Officers during
the reported periods: 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards (1) 
 All Other Compensation (2) 
 Total 
 
 Norman E. Snyder, Jr. 
 2021 
 358,750 
 - 
 - 
 14,092 
 372,842 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 360,500 
 - 
 - 
 15,721 
 376,221 

Thomas J. Spisak 
 2021 
 256,250 
 - 
 60,746 
 10,638 
 327,634 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 250,075 
 - 
 - 
 10,422 
 250,497 

Neal Cohane 
 2021 
 243,333 
 - 
 
 15,776 
 259,110 
 
 Chief Sales Officer 
 2022 
 250,000 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

(1)
The amounts represent the fair value for share-based payment awards issued during the year. The award is calculated on the date of grant
in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards. 

 (2)
Other compensation includes both cash payments and the estimated value of the use of company assets. 

45 

Employment
Agreements 

Norman
E. Snyder, Jr. 

The
board appointed Mr. Snyder to the office of Chief Operating Officer, effective March 1, 2020. Mr. Snyder succeeded John J. Bello who
served as Interim Chief Executive Officer from September 30, 2019, through February 29, 2020. The board granted Mr. Snyder a one-time
bonus of 150,000 RSAs vesting March 1, 2020, subject to the conditions and limitations of Reed s Second Amended and Restated 2017
Incentive Compensation Plan, in conjunction with his promotion. Pursuant his employment agreement, on February 25, 2020, he received
an equity award of 446,000 stock options, one-half scheduled to vest in equal increments on an annual basis for four years and remainder
to vest based on performance criteria to be determined by the board of directors (or compensation committee of the board). Mr. Snyder s
performance-based cash bonus was set at a target amount of 30 of base salary for the term of his service as Chief Operating Officer.
The agreement provided for acceleration of equity grants triggered by a change of control , as defined in the agreement
and contains confidentiality, invention assignment and non-solicitation covenants. Mr. Snyder is also eligible to participate in the
company s benefit plans available to its executive officers. 

On
June 24, 2020, we entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Norman E. Snyder, Jr. reflecting his promotion to Chief
Executive Officer on March 1, 2020. The term of the agreement continues through March 1, 2023, and will automatically renew for an additional
one-year term, unless earlier terminated or unless notice of non-renewal is submitted by either party 90 days in advance. Pursuant to
the agreement, Mr. Snyder s base salary of 300,000 per year increased to 350,000 on September 30, 2020, based on satisfaction
of certain objectives and to 360,500 on March 1, 2021. Mr. Snyder is also eligible to receive a performance-based cash bonus at a target
amount of 50 of his base salary in effect. He is also eligible to participate in Reed s other benefit plans available to its executive
officers. The agreement provides for acceleration of equity grants triggered by a change of control , as defined in the
agreement and contains customary, non-competition, confidentiality, invention assignment and non-solicitation covenants. Mr. Snyder is
also entitled to six months severance benefits in the event of termination without cause by Reed s or for good reason by
Mr. Snyder, subject to execution of a release. 

Thomas
J. Spisak 

We
entered into an at-will employment agreement with Thomas J. Spisak to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of Reed s, effective
December 2, 2019. Mr. Spisak s base annual base salary was increased to 257,500 from 250,000 effective March 1, 2020. Mr. Spisak
was also eligible to receive performance-based cash bonus at a target amount of 30 of his base salary. Pursuant to his employment agreement,
Mr. Spisak received an initial equity award of 150,000 incentive stock options and 150,000 restricted stock awards on March 3, 2020,
one-half of the award (75,000 options and 75,000 restricted stock awards) vesting in equal increments on an annual basis for four years
and the remainder (75,000 options and 75,000 restricted stock awards) vesting based on performance criteria to be determined by the board
of directors or compensation committee. Mr. Spisak was also eligible to participate in Reed s other benefit plans available to
its executive officers. The agreement contained customary confidentiality, non-competition and invention assignment covenants. 

Thomas
J. Spisak resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer effective March 30, 2023. 

Current
Salary Arrangements of Other Named Executive Officers 

Christopher
Burleson 

Mr.
Burleson receives a salary of 300,000 and is eligible for an annual performance bonus based on a target of 35 of his annual salary
(to be determined by the company in its sole discretion). As an inducement to accept the position, Mr. Burleson receive a vested RSA
grant of approximately 18,160 shares of common stock of Reed s valued at 75,000 pursuant to the Reed s, Inc. 2020 Equity
Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended December 30, 2021. 

46 

Neal
Cohane 

Neal
Cohane receives an annual salary which increased from 210,000 to 250,000 on March 1, 2021, with a 30 bonus target, and he is eligible
to participate in benefits offered by the company to its executive officers. 

Change-in-Control
Provisions 

General
Policy 

It
is our general policy that awards that vest over a term greater than one-year include provisions for acceleration upon a change-in-control. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

Our
2017 Plan provides the consequences of a change-in-control provisions may be set forth in individual award agreements. For purposes of
the 2020 Plan, a change in control generally includes (a) the acquisition of more than 50 of the company s common
stock, (b) the acquisition within a twelve-month period of 30 or more of the Company s common stock, (c) the replacement of a
majority of the board of directors, within a twelve-month period, by directors whose election was not endorsed by the incumbent board,
or (d) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 

Our
2020 Plan, as amended, provides that the Compensation Committee of the board retains discretion under the 2020 Plan to determine the
treatment of outstanding awards in connection with a change in control of the Company, subject to the terms of contractual agreements
of executive officers. For example, the Compensation Committee may cause awards granted under the 2020 Plan to vest upon a change in
control, may cancel awards in exchange for a payment of cash (or without a payment, in the case of stock options or SARs with an exercise
price that exceeds fair market value), or may cause awards to be continued or substituted in connection with a change in control. For
purposes of the 2020 Plan, a change in control generally includes (a) the acquisition of more than 50 of the company s
common stock, (b) the acquisition within a twelve-month period of 30 or more of the company s common stock, (c) the replacement
of a majority of the board of directors, within a twelve-month period, by directors whose election was not endorsed by the incumbent
board of directors, or (d) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the company s assets. The full definition of change
in control is set out in the 2020 Plan. 

General
provisions of the 2017 Plan and 2020 Plan are subject to contractual modifications that may be set forth in executive employment agreements
and award agreements. 

47 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information regarding unexercised options and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive Officer
outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Name and Position 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 

Norman E. Snyder, Jr. (Chief Executive Officer) 
 5,455 
 1,115 
 2,230 
 44.00 
 2/25/2030 

500 
 - 
 - 
 25.00 
 3/25/2030 

3,697 
 625 
 625 
 35.00 
 5/20/2030 

9,875 
 4,030 
 2,015 
 47.50 
 9/16/2030 

Thomas
 J. Spisak (Chief
 Financial Officer) (1) 
 2,211 
 375 
 375 
 44.50 
 3/2/2030 
 375 
 1,309 
 375 
 1,309 

200 
 - 
 - 
 25.00 
 3/25/2030 

9,177 
 3,745 
 1,873 
 47.50 
 9/16/2030 

Neal Cohane (Chief Sales Officer) 
 4,455 
 - 
 - 
 80.00 
 3/28/2028 

1,501 
 - 
 - 
 25.00 
 3/25/2030 

2,958 
 500 
 500 
 35.00 
 5/20/2030 

5,043 
 2,057 
 1029 
 47.50 
 9/16/2030 

(1) Mr.
 Spisak resigned effective March 30, 2023. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table summarizes the compensation paid to our non-employee directors for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards (1) 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 John J. Bello 
 50,000 
 18,180 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 68,130 
 
 Lewis Jaffe 
 50,000 
 18,130 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 68,180 
 
 James C. Bass 
 50,000 
 18,130 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 68,130 
 
 Louis Imbrogno, Jr. 
 50,000 
 18,180 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 68,130 
 
 Thomas W. Kosler (2) 
 25,000 
 11,559 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 36,559 
 
 Rhonda Kallman (3) 
 25,000 
 6,627 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 31,267 
 
 Leon M. Zaltzman (4) 
 0 
 0 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0 

(1) 
 The
 amounts represent the fair value of restricted stock awards granted during the year. The award is calculated on the date of grant
 in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards, excluding any impact of assumed forfeiture rates. 

(2) 
 Thomas
 W. Kosler was appointed to the board effective July 1, 2022. 

(3) 
 Rhonda
 Kallman was elected to the board on December 30, 2021, at the Reed s, Inc. 2021 Annual Stockholders Meeting. She resigned from
 her position as director effective June 30, 2022. 

(4) 
 Leon
 M. Zaltzman was appointed to the board effective March 22, 2022. Mr. Zaltzman has elected to waive non-employee director compensation
 due to his position with the Union Square Entities. 

48 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our shares of common stock beneficially owned as of March 31, 2023 for (i) each
Named Executive Officer and director, and (ii) all Named Executive officers and directors as a group and (iii) each stockholder known
to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding shares of common stock. A person is considered to beneficially own any shares
(i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting or investment power or (ii) of which such person
has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an exercise of stock options or warrants or otherwise.
Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table for our directors and executive officers
is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse or children. 

For
purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock
that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 31, 2023. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares
of our common stock held by each person or group of persons named above, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire
within 60 days of March 31, 2023 is deemed to be outstanding but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial
ownership. Except as otherwise indicated below, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to
all shares of common stock held by them. Unless otherwise indicated, the principal address of each listed executive officer and director
is 201 Merritt 7 Corporate Park, Norwalk, Connecticut 06851. 

Named Beneficial Owner Directors and Named Executive Officers 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 
 John J. Bello (2) 
 240,138 
 9.0 
 
 Norman E. Snyder, Jr. (3) 
 41,546 
 1.6 
 
 Neal Cohane (4) 
 16,454 
 0.7 
 
 James C. Bass (5) 
 11,140 
 0.4 
 
 Joann Tinnelly (6) 
 12,843 
 0.5 
 
 Louis Imbrogno, Jr. (7) 
 9,617 
 0.4 
 
 Lewis Jaffe (8) 
 7,395 
 0.3 
 
 Leon M. Zaltzman (9) 
 467,385 
 17.2 
 
 Thomas W. Kosler (10) 
 13,918 
 0.5 
 
 Christopher Burleson 
 6,000 
 0.2 

Directors and Named Executive Officers as a group (10 persons) 
 826,435 
 29.3 
 
 5 or greater stockholders 

Union Square Entities (11) 
 467,385 
 17.2 
 
 Whitebox Entities (12) 
 257,718 
 9.9 

Less than 1 

 (1) Based on 2,603,661 shares outstanding as of March 10, 2022. 

 (2)
Includes 1,000 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options, 1,607 RSAs from 2022 Board Compensation and warrants of
30,000. 

 (3)
Includes 13,129 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options. 

 (4)
Includes 11,832 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options. 

 (5)
Includes 1,600 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options and 1,607 RSAs from 2022 Board Compensation. 

 (6)
Includes 4,870 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options. 

 (7)
Includes 1,600 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options and 1,607 RSAs from 2022 Board Compensation 

 (8)
Includes 1,600 shares issuable upon exercise of currently exercisable options and 1,607 RSAs from 2022 Board Compensation. 

 (9)
Mr. Zaltzman is voting and dispositive control over shares held by the Union Square Entities. 

 (10)
Includes 1,607 RSAs from 2022 Board Compensation 

49 

(11)
Principal address is 1120 Avenue of the Americas, Suite 1512, New York, NY 10036. Mr. Zaltzman is the founder and managing member of
Union Square Park Capital Management, LLC USPCM ), an SEC Registered Investment Adviser firm and is also the managing member
of Union Square Park GP USPGP ). USPCM and USPGP serve as the investment manager and general partner to Union Square Park
Partners, LP USPP Fund ), respectively. Foregoing entities hereinafter collectively referred to as the Union Square
Entities Mr. Zaltzman has voting and dispositive control over shares held by the Union Square Entities. 

 (12)
Includes Whitebox Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company WA ), Whitebox General Partner LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company WGP and Whitebox Multi-Strategy Partners, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership WMP ).
The address of the business office of WA and WGP is: 3033 Excelsior Boulevard, Suite 500, Minneapolis, MN 55416. The address of the business
office of WMP is Mourant Governance Services (Cayman) Limited, 94 Solaris Avenue, Camana Bay, PO Box 1348, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108, Cayman
Islands. Each of WA and WGP is deemed to be the beneficial owner of 257,718 shares (includes shares underlying 10,711,250 principal
amount and accrued interest of secured convertible promissory notes subject to 9.9 blocker). WMP may be deemed to be the beneficial
owner of 148,904 shares (includes shares underlying 10,711,250 principal amount and accrued interest of secured convertible promissory
notes subject to 9.9 blocker r as applied to the aggregate number of Notes held by WA s clients and then applied pro rata to the
Notes held directly by WMP). Each of WA and WGP is deemed to beneficially own 9.9 of the common stock. WMP may be deemed to beneficially
own 5.7 of the common stock. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

On
September 29, 2017, the 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan for 60,000 shares was approved by our shareholders. On December 13, 2018, the
Amended and Restated 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan was approved by our shareholders increasing the number of shares issuable by 70,000
to 130,000. On December 16, 2019, the Second Amended and Restated 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan 2017 Plan was approved
by our shareholders, increasing the number of shares issuable by 20,000 to 150,000. 

On
December 21, 2020, the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 2020 Plan for 300,000 shares was approved by our shareholders. The
2020 Plan replaced the 2017 Plan, which would have expired by its terms on September 30, 2027. On December 30, 2021, the Amended and
Restated 2020 Plan was adopted by our shareholders, increasing the 2020 Plan to 300,000 shares. 

We
have discontinued the 2017 Plan and all plans that preceded the 2017 Plan and will not issue any new awards under these prior plans,
although awards granted under these plans will remain in effect. 

The
following table provides information, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under compensation
plans: 

Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in 
 
 Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Column (a) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 164,423 
 48.90 
 297,534 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 0 
 - 
 0 
 
 TOTAL 
 164,423 
 48.90 
 297,534 

50 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

Our
board of directors has adopted written policies and procedures for the review of any transaction, arrangement or relationship between
Reed s and one of our executive officers, directors, director nominees or 5 or greater stockholders (or their immediate family
members), each of whom we refer to as a related person, in which such related person has a direct or indirect material
interest. 

If
a related person proposes to enter into such a transaction, arrangement or relationship, defined as a related party transaction, 
the related party must report the proposed related party transaction to our Chief Financial Officer. The policy calls for the proposed
related party transaction to be reviewed and, if deemed appropriate, approved by the Governance Committee. Our Governance Committee is
comprised of Lewis Jaffe and Louis Imbrogno, Jr. Mr. Jaffe serves as Chairman. The board of directors has determined both of the members
of the Governance Committee are independent under the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC. If practicable, the reporting, review and
approval will occur prior to entry into the transaction. If advance review and approval is not practicable, the Governance Committee
will review, and, in its discretion, may ratify the related party transaction. Any related party transactions that are ongoing in nature
will be reviewed annually at a minimum. The related party transactions listed below were reviewed by the full board of directors. Prior
to August 2005, we did not have independent directors on our board to review and approve related party transactions. The Governance Committee
shall review future related party transactions. 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since the beginning of fiscal 2022 or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were
or are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total
assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest (other than compensation described under Executive Compensation ). We believe the terms obtained or consideration
that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to or better than terms
available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

John
J. Bello 

On
March 11, 2021, we entered into an amendment to that certain Financing Agreement dated October 4, 2018, as amended or supplemented with
our senior secured lender, Rosenthal Rosenthal, Inc. Rosenthal releasing and replacing that irrevocable standby
letter of credit by Daniel J. Doherty, III and Daniel J. Doherty, III 2002 Family Trust in the amount of 1.5 million, which served as
financial collateral for certain obligations of Reed s under the Rosenthal credit facility, with a two million dollar 2,000,000)
pledge of securities to Rosenthal by John J. Bello and Nancy E. Bello, as Co-Trustees of THE JOHN AND NANCY BELLO REVOCABLE LIVING TRUST,
under trust agreement dated December 3, 2012 (the Bello Trust ), evidenced by that certain Pledge Agreement to Rosenthal,
and as to which Rosenthal has a first and only perfected security interest by the Securities Account Control Agreement held by securities
broker). 

On
November 24, 2021, the Bello trust provided additional collateral support securing a 2,500,000 over-advance under the Financing Agreement,
and John J. Bello also provided a personal guarantee. The additional collateral was released on March 17, 2022, along with the personal
guarantee. The initial pledged collateral was released March 30, 2022, with the pay-off of the Rosenthal facility. 

John
J. Bello is the current Chairman, significant stockholder and former Interim Chief Executive Officer of Reed s. As consideration
for the collateral support, Mr. Bello received 8,000 shares of Reed s restricted stock and a warrant to purchase up to 30,000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of 10.58 per share. 

Lindsay
Martin, daughter of John Bello, director of the Company, was employed as Vice President of Marketing during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. Ms. Martin was paid approximately 185 for her services during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

51 

Leon
M. Zaltzman and Union Square Entities 

On
March 21, 2022, the Board of Directors of Reed s, Inc., a Delaware corporation Reed s), upon recommendation from
its governance committee, expanded the board from six to seven members and appointed Leon M. Zaltzman Mr. Zaltzman to
serve as director. 

Mr.
Zaltzman is the founder and managing member of Union Square Park Capital Management, LLC USPCM ), an SEC Registered Investment
Adviser firm and is also the managing member of Union Square Park GP USPGP ). USPCM and USPGP serve as the investment manager
and general partner to Union Square Park Partners, LP USPP Fund ), respectively. Foregoing entities hereinafter collectively
referred to as the Union Square Entities . 

USPP
Fund participated in Reed s recent private placement (the private placement of common stock, 0.0001 par value common
stock ), and warrants, which closed on March 11, 2022, in the aggregate principal amount of 3,000,000. It acquired 214,286 shares
of common stock and warrants to purchase 107,143 shares of common stock in the private placement. Prior to the private placement, Mr.
Zaltzman and the Union Square Entities beneficially owned approximately 7.79 of Reed s common stock. After the private placement,
Mr. Zaltzman and the Union Square Entities beneficially owned approximately 17.2 of Reed s common stock. The common stock and
shares of common stock underlying the warrants have the same registration rights granted to all investors in the private placement. 

Warrants
issued to USPP Fund are not exercisable until September 27, 2022, and carry a 19.99 beneficial ownership blocker. In conjunction with
the private placement and USPP Fund s role as lead investor, Reed s and USPCM had an oral understanding pursuant to which
Reed s agreed to support the nomination of USPCM s nominee, Leon M. Zaltzman, to the Reed s board, upon qualification
and recommendation from Reed s governance committee. Except as set forth above, USPP Fund invested in the private placement pursuant
to the same terms and conditions of the other purchasers in the private placement. 

Director
Independence 

As
of the date of this Annual Report, our board has seven directors and the following four standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation
Committee, a Governance Committee and an Operations Committee. The board, upon recommendation from the Compensation Committee, determined
each of Lewis Jaffe, James C. Bass, Thomas W. Kosler and Louis Imbrogno, Jr. is an independent director as defined by Rule
5605(a)(2) of The NASDAQ Stock Market Rules (the NASDAQ Rules ). Independence of board members is re-evaluated by the board
annually. We intend to maintain at least a majority of independent directors on our board in the future. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Weinberg
 Company, P.A. Weinberg was our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021. 

The
following table shows the fees paid or accrued by us for the audit and other services provided by Weinberg for the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 

Audit Fees 
 205,304 
 186,089 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 38,674 
 45,184 
 
 All Other Fees 
 8,820 
 38,896 
 
 Total 
 252,798 
 270,169 

As
defined by the SEC, (i) audit fees are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the audit
of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K, or for services that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years; (ii) audit-related
fees are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of
the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under audit fees; (iii) tax fees are
fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning; and (iv) all
other fees are fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant, other than the services reported under audit
fees, audit-related fees, and tax fees. 

52 

Audit
Fees 

Weinberg
provided services for the audits of our financial statements included in Annual Reports on Form 10-K and limited reviews of the financial
statements included in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

Audit
Related Fees 

Weinberg
did not provide any professional services which would be considered audit related fees. 

Tax
Fees 

Weinberg
prepared our 2022 and 2021 Federal and state income tax returns. 

All
Other Fees 

Services
provided by Weinberg with respect to the filing of various registration statements made throughout the year are considered all
other fees. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Under
the SEC s rules, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent registered
public accounting firm in order to ensure that they do not impair the auditors independence. The SEC s rules specify the
types of non-audit services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the Audit Committee s
responsibility for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Consistent
with the SEC s rules, the Audit Committee Charter requires that the Audit Committee review and pre-approve all audit services and
permitted non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm to us or any of our subsidiaries. The Audit
Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to a member of the Audit Committee and if it does, the decisions of that member must be
presented to the full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. Accordingly, 100 of audit services and non-audit services described
in this Item 14 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 

There
were no hours expended on the principal accountant s engagement to audit the registrant s financial statements for the most
recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent
employees. 

53 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements 

(a)
1. Financial Statements 

See
Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown in
the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3.
Exhibits 

See
the Exhibit Index, which follows the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

(b)
Exhibits 

See
Item 15(a) (3) above. 

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules 

See
Item 15(a) (2) above. 

Item
16. Form 10K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

54 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 May 15, 2023 
 REED S,
 INC. 

a
 Delaware corporation 

By:
 
 /s/
 Norman E. Snyder, Jr. 

Norman
 E. Snyder, Jr. 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Norman E. Snyder, Jr. 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Norman
 E. Snyder, Jr. 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer), Director 

/s/
 Joann Tinnelly 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Joann
 Tinnelly 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 John J. Bello 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 John
 J. Bello 

/s/
 Leon Michael Zaltzman 
 
 Director 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Leon
 Michael Zaltzman 

/s/
 Lewis Jaffe 
 
 Director 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Lewis
 Jaffe 

/s/
 James C. Bass 
 
 Director 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 James
 C. Bass 

/s/
 Thomas Kosler 
 
 Director 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Thomas
 Kosler 

/s/
 Louis Imbrogno, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 May 15, 2023 
 
 Louis
 Imbrogno, Jr. 

55 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 

Filed 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Title 
 
 Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 File
 No. 
 
 Date
 Filed 
 
 3
 (i) 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Reed s, Inc., as amended 
 
 X 

3
 (ii) 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Reed s, Inc. 

10-KA 
 
 3.8 
 
 001-32501 
 
 04/08/2020 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of common stock certificate 

SB-2 
 
 4.1 
 
 333-120451 

4.2 
 
 Form of series A preferred stock certificate 

SB-2 
 
 4.2 
 
 333-120451 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Warrant issued to Raptor/ Harbor Reed s SPV LLC on December 11, 2020 

10-K 
 
 4.10 
 
 001-32501 
 
 3/30/2021 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant (Union Square Park Partners, LP) 

8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 001-32501 
 
 3/22/2022 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant 2022 PIPE 

8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 001-32501 
 
 3/14/2022 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued May 9, 2022 

8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 001-32501 
 
 5/10/2022 
 
 4
 (vi) 
 
 Description of registrant s common stock 
 
 X 

10.1 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement by and between Reed s, Inc. and Raptor/ Harbor Reeds SPV LLC, dated December 11, 2020 

10-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 001-32501 
 
 3/20/2021 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and between Reed s, Inc., and purchasers signatory thereto dated May 26, 2016 

8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 001-32501 
 
 6/03/2016 
 
 10.3 
 
 Reed s, Inc. 2017 Incentive Compensation Plan 

S-8 
 
 4.2 
 
 333-222741 
 
 1/29/2018 
 
 10.4 
 
 Reed s, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

S-8 
 
 4.2 
 
 333-252140 
 
 1/15/2021 
 
 10.5

Sublease Agreement by and between Reed s, Inc., Merritt 7 Venture L.L.C., and GE Capital US Holdings, Inc., dated September 1, 2018 

10-Q 
 
 10.7 
 
 001-32501 
 
 11/14/2018 
 
 10.6 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Reed s, Inc. and California Custom Beverage LLC dated December 31, 2018 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 001-32501 
 
 12/31/2018 
 
 10.7 
 
 Assignment and Assumption of Lease and Consent of Lessor by and between Reed s, Inc. and California Custom Beverage LLC dated December 31, 2018 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 001-32501 
 
 12/31/2018 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Reed s, Inc. and officers and directors 

10-K 
 
 10.31 
 
 001-32501 
 
 4/01/2019 
 
 10.9 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Reed s, Inc. and Thomas J. Spisak dated December 2, 2019 

10-KA 
 
 10.38 
 
 001-32501 
 
 4/08/2020 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 001-32501 

10.11 
 
 Form of Executive Incentive Stock Option Agreement 

10-K 

001-32501 
 
 8/10/2020 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Reed s, Inc. and Norman E. Snyder, Jr. dated June 24, 2020 

10-Q 
 
 10.1 
 
 001-32501 
 
 8/10/2020 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and among Reed s, Inc, and certain investors dated March 10, 2022 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 001-32501 
 
 3/14/2022 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and among Reed s, Inc, and certain investors dated March 10, 2022 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 001-32501 
 
 3/14/2022 
 
 10.15 
 
 Ledgered ABL Agreement by and between Reed s, Inc. and Alterna Capital Solutions, LLC dated March 28, 2022 

10-K 
 
 10.31 
 
 001-32501 
 
 4/15/2022 
 
 10.16 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement by and between Reed s, Inc., Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB and purchasers dated May 9, 2022 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 001-32501 
 
 5/10/2022 
 
 10.17 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and between Reed s, Inc. and purchasers dated May 9, 2022 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 001-32501 
 
 5/10/2022 
 
 10.18 
 
 Collateral Sharing Agreement by and among Alterna Capital Solutions LLC, Reed s, Inc. and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB dated May 9,2022 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 001-32501 
 
 5/10/2022 
 
 10.19 
 
 Partial Option Exercise and Second Amendment to 10 Convertible Notes with Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB dated February 10, 2023 
 
 X 

10.20 
 
 Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement with Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB dated February 10, 2023 
 
 X 

10.21 
 
 Limited Waiver and Amendment to 10 Secured Convertible Notes by and between Reed s, Inc., Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, and holders effective August 11, 2022 

10-Q 
 
 10.3 
 
 001-32501 
 
 11/14/2022 
 
 10.22 
 
 Limited Waiver and Amendment to 10 Secured Convertible Notes by and between Reed s, Inc., Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, and holders dated April 11, 2023 
 
 X 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 

SB-2 
 
 14.1 
 
 333-157359 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Reed s, Inc. 
 
 X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Weinberg Co., PA 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 
 X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith. 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 X 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

56 

<EX-3.I>
 2
 ex3i.htm

Exhibit 3(i) 

</EX-3.I>

<EX-4.VI>
 3
 ex4vi.htm

Exhibit
4(vi) 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As
of March 31, 2023, Reed s, Inc. s Reed s, the Company, we, our, 
 us common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock is registered under Section 12(g) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and quoted on OTCQX Best Market under the symbol REED . 

On
December 21, 2021, our shareholders approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock from 120 million to 180 million.
On January 24, 2023, our shareholders approved a up to a 1:50 reverse stock split of our common stock. Effective January 27, 2023, we
effected the 1:50 reverse stock split of our common stock. 

DESCRIPTION
OF COMMON STOCK 

The
following is a summary of the material terms of our common stock. This summary does not purport to be exhaustive and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation, as amended Certificate and our amended and restated bylaws,
as further amended Bylaws and to the applicable provisions of Delaware law. 

We
are authorized to issue 180,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value. Holders of common stock are each entitled to cast one
vote for each share held of record on all matters presented to shareholders. Cumulative voting is not authorized; the holders of a majority
of our outstanding shares of common stock may elect all directors. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends as
may be declared by our board out of funds legally available and, in the event of liquidation, to share pro rata in any distribution of
our assets after payment of liabilities. Our directors are not obligated to declare a dividend. It is not anticipated that dividends
will be paid in the foreseeable future. Holders of common stock do not have preemptive rights to subscribe to any additional shares we
may issue in the future. There are no conversion, redemption, sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the common stock. All outstanding
shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 165 holders of record of the common stock and 2,602,399 outstanding shares of common stock.
The holders of record do not include those stockholders whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Certificate and Bylaws 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), an anti-takeover law.
Subject to certain exceptions, the statute prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination 
with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became
an interested stockholder unless: 

prior to such
 date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the
 stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the
 transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of
 the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the
 number of shares outstanding those shares owned (1) by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) by employee stock plans
 in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be
 tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or after such date,
 the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and
 not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested
 stockholder. 

For
purposes of Section 203, a business combination includes a merger, asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial
benefit to the interested stockholder, and an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates,
owns, or within three years prior to the date of determination whether the person is an Interested Stockholder did own,
15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. 

In
addition, our authorized but unissued shares of common stock are available for our board to issue without stockholder approval. We may
use these additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public or private offerings to raise additional capital,
corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock could render more
difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or other transaction.
Our authorized but unissued shares may be used to delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might
consider in its best interest, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our
stockholders. The board of directors is also authorized to adopt, amend or repeal our Bylaws (provided, however, that no such adoption,
amendment, or repeal shall be valid with respect to bylaw provisions which have been adopted, amended, or repealed by the stockholders;
and further provided, that bylaw provisions adopted or amended by the board of directors and any powers thereby conferred may be amended,
altered, or repealed by the stockholders) which could delay, defer or prevent a change in control. 

We
are subject to the laws of Delaware on corporate matters, including their indemnification provisions. Section 102 of the DGCL permits
a corporation to eliminate the personal liability of directors of a corporation to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages
for a breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except where the director breached his duty of loyalty, failed to act in good faith, engaged
in intentional misconduct or knowingly violated a law, authorized the payment of a dividend or approved a stock repurchase in violation
of Delaware corporate law or obtained an improper personal benefit. 

Section
145 of the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, provides that a Delaware corporation may indemnify any persons who were,
or are threatened to be made, parties to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of such corporation), by reason of the fact that such person is or was an officer,
director, employee or agent of such corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation or enterprise. The indemnity may include expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, provided
such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the corporation s best
interests and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was illegal.
A Delaware corporation may indemnify any persons who are, were or are threatened to be made, a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action or suit by or in the right of the corporation by reason of the fact that such person was a director, officer, employee or agent
of such corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation
or enterprise. The indemnity may include expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in
connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit, provided such person acted in good faith and in a manner he or she
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the corporation s best interests, provided that no indemnification is permitted
without judicial approval if the officer, director, employee or agent is adjudged to be liable to the corporation. Where an officer,
director, employee, or agent is successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action referred to above, the corporation
must indemnify him or her against the expenses which such officer or director has actually and reasonably incurred. 

Section
145 of the DGCL further authorizes a corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director,
officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee
or agent of another corporation or enterprise, against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such
capacity, arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the corporation would otherwise have the power to indemnify him or
her under Section 145 of the DGCL. 

Our
Certificate provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as it may be amended from time to time, none of our directors
will be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Our
Certificate also provides discretionary indemnification for the benefit of our directors, officers and employees, to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law, as it may be amended from time to time. Pursuant to our Bylaws, we are required to indemnify our directors,
officers, employees and agents, and we have the discretion to advance his or her related expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by
law. 

We
do currently provide liability insurance coverage for our directors and officers. We also have entered into indemnification agreements
with certain of our executive officers and directors. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act may be permitted
to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the
opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar; Market Listing 

The
transfer agent for the Company s common stock is Transfer Online, Inc., telephone (503) 227-2950. Our common stock is listed on
The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol REED. 

</EX-4.VI>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 ex10-19.htm

Exhibit
10.19 

PARTIAL
OPTION EXERCISE AND 

 SECOND
AMENDMENT TO THE 10 SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTES 

THIS
PARTIAL OPTION EXERCISE AND SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE 10 SECURED CONVERTIBLE NOTES (this Agreement is dated and
effective as of February 10, 2023 between REED S, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), the Holders
party hereto, and WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY, FSB, as Holder Representative and Collateral Agent (the Agent ). 

1.
 Incorporation of Terms . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as in that certain Note
Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2022, as amended (the Note Purchase Agreement ), between the Company, the
Holder Representative and each purchaser on the schedule of purchasers thereto, or in the 10 Secured Convertible Notes dated May 9,
2022, as amended (each, a Note , and collectively, the Notes ), issued by the Company pursuant
to the Note Purchase Agreement, as applicable. 

2.
 Representations and Warranties . The Company hereby represents and warrants that after giving effect to this Agreement, all representations
and warranties contained in the Notes are true and correct, in all material respects, on and as of the date hereof, except (a) to the
extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as
of such earlier date, and (b) in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality, they shall be true and correct
in all respects. 

3.
 Partial Option Exercise . 

(a)
Pursuant to Section 2.2 of the Purchase Agreement, this Agreement shall constitute an Option Exercise Notice that each of the
undersigned Purchasers is exercising in part the Third Option to purchase an aggregate amount of Option Notes as set forth below
(each, a Purchased Third Option Note , and collectively, the Purchased Third Option
Notes ): 

Purchaser 
 Aggregate Principal Amount of Option Notes Purchased 
 Aggregate Purchase Price 
 
 Whitebox Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 1,473,348.22 
 1,458,614.74 
 
 Whitebox Relative Value Partners, LP 
 816,008.24 
 807,848.15 
 
 Pandora Select Partners, LP 
 136,001.37 
 134.641.36 
 
 Whitebox GT Fund, LP 
 124,667.93 
 123,421.25 
 
 Total 
 2,550,025.76 
 2,524,525.50 

(b)
The Company and each Purchaser agree that (i) the Option Notes Closing for the purchase and sale of the Option Notes set forth above
will be February 10, 2023 (or as promptly thereafter as possible), and (ii) the advance ten (10) Business Day notice required by Section
2.2 of the Note Purchase Agreement for delivery of the Option Exercise Notice is hereby waived. 

(c)
To avoid doubt, (i) the Company acknowledges that all shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Purchased Third Option Notes constitute
Registrable Securities as defined in and pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, (ii) the Purchased Third Option Notes shall constitute
part of the same series as all other Notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement and (iii) the Purchased Third Option Notes
shall be amended as set forth in this Agreement. 

4.
 Amendments to All Notes . The Company, the Agent and the Holders agree to amend all Notes (including, without limitation, the Purchased
Third Option Notes) as follows: 

(a) Allowing
Different Terms for the Purchased Third Option Notes . Notwithstanding anything in Section 13(a) of the Notes to the contrary,
the terms of the Purchased Third Option Notes may be amended as set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement despite being part of the
same series as all other Notes. 

(b)
 Pro Rata Payments . Section 2(g) of the Notes is amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

(g)
 Ranking . 

(i)
The Notes shall be pari passu in right of payment with respect to each other. All payments (other than any payments in respect
of a conversion of Notes, any Initially Issued Notes Pro Rata Payments or any Purchased Third Option Notes Pro Rata Payments (collectively,
the Non-Pro Rata Payments )) to the holders of the Notes (including the Holder) shall be made pro rata among the
holders based upon the aggregate unpaid principal amount and accrued interest of the Notes outstanding as of one Business Day immediately
prior to any such payment. The Borrower shall not make, and no holder of Notes shall accept, any payment (other than any Non-Pro Rata
Payments) except as shall be shared ratably between the holders of the Notes so as to maintain as near as possible the amount of the
indebtedness owing under the Notes pro rata according to the holders respective proportionate interest in the amount of Notes
Obligations owed as of the date immediately prior to such payment or payments. If one holder of the Notes obtains any payment (whether
voluntary, involuntary or by offset or otherwise, but not including any Non-Pro Rata Payments) of principal, interest or other amount
with respect to the Notes in excess of such holder s pro rata share of such payments obtained by all holders of the Notes, then
the holder receiving such payment in excess of its pro rata share shall return to the Agent, for distribution to each of the other holders,
an amount sufficient to cause all holders of the Notes to receive their respective pro rata shares of any payment of principal, interest
or other amounts with respect to the Notes. 

2 

(ii)
Any (A) Amortization Payments made with respect to any Notes dated May 9, 2022 (the Initially Issued Notes ), (B)
payments of Cash Interest with respect to any Initially Issued Notes, (C) compounding of PIK Interest with respect to any Initially Issued
Notes, and (D) payments of Principal Amounts in connection with the maturity of any Initially Issued Notes (collectively, the Initially
Issued Notes Pro Rata Payments to the holders of the Initially Issued Notes (including, if applicable, the Holder) shall
be made pro rata among the holders of the Initially Issued Notes based upon the aggregate unpaid principal amount and accrued interest
of the Initially Issued Notes outstanding as of one Business Day immediately prior to any such payment. The Borrower shall not make,
and no holder of Initially Issued Notes shall accept, any Initially Issued Notes Pro Rata Payment except as shall be shared ratably between
the holders of the Initially Issued Notes so as to maintain as near as possible the amount of the indebtedness owing under the Initially
Issued Notes pro rata according to the holders respective proportionate interest in the amount of Notes Obligations owed as of
the date immediately prior to such payment or payments. If one holder of the Initially Issued Notes obtains any Initially Issued Notes
Pro Rata Payment (whether voluntary, involuntary or by offset or otherwise) of principal, interest or other amount with respect to the
Initially Issued Notes in excess of such holder s pro rata share of such payments obtained by all holders of the Initially Issued
Notes, then the holder receiving such payment in excess of its pro rata share shall return to the Agent, for distribution to each of
the other holders, an amount sufficient to cause all holders of the Initially Issued Notes to receive their respective pro rata shares
of such payment. 

(iii)
Any (A) payments of Cash Interest with respect to any Notes issued pursuant to the Third Option (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)
(the Purchased Third Option Notes ), (B) payments of Principal Amounts in connection with the maturity of any Purchased
Third Option Notes and (C) payments in connection with an exercise of the optional prepayments rights set forth in Section 2(e) of the
Purchased Third Party Notes (collectively, the Purchased Third Option Notes Pro Rata Payments to the holders of
the Purchased Third Option Notes (including, if applicable, the Holder) shall be made pro rata among the holders of the Purchased Third
Option Notes based upon the aggregate unpaid principal amount and accrued interest of the Purchased Third Option Notes outstanding as
of one Business Day immediately prior to any such payment. The Borrower shall not make, and no holder of Purchased Third Option Notes
shall accept, any Purchased Third Option Notes Pro Rata Payment except as shall be shared ratably between the holders of the Purchased
Third Option Notes so as to maintain as near as possible the amount of the indebtedness owing under the Purchased Third Option Notes
pro rata according to the holders respective proportionate interest in the amount of Notes Obligations owed as of the date immediately
prior to such payment or payments. If one holder of the Purchased Third Option Notes obtains any Purchased Third Option Notes Pro Rata
Payment (whether voluntary, involuntary or by offset or otherwise) of principal, interest or other amount with respect to the Purchased
Third Option Notes in excess of such holder s pro rata share of such payments obtained by all holders of the Purchased Third Option
Notes, then the holder receiving such payment in excess of its pro rata share shall return to the Agent, for distribution to each of
the other holders, an amount sufficient to cause all holders of the Purchased Third Option Notes to receive their respective pro rata
shares of such payment. 

(c)
 Repurchase at the Option of the Holder Upon a Fundamental Change . Section 6(a) of each Note is hereby amended by replacing 100 
with 110 . 

3 

5.
 Amendments to the Purchased Third Option Notes . The Company, the Agent and the Holders agree to amend all the Purchased Third
Option Notes, but none of the other Notes, as follows: 

(a)
 Maturity Date . The definition of the term Maturity Date of each Purchased Third Option Note shall be amended by
replacing May 9, 2025 with June 30, 2023 . 

(b)
 Amortization of Principal . Notwithstanding anything in Section 2(b) of the Purchased Third Option Notes to the contrary, no Amortization
Payments shall be made on or in respect of the Purchased Third Option Notes. The Holders hereby irrevocably elect not to receive Amortization
Payments with respect to the Purchased Third Option Notes at any time prior to the Maturity Date for the Purchased Third Option Notes
(as amended above). Nothing in this Section 5(b) shall be construed to waive, terminate or otherwise impact in any manner the election
of the Holders to receive Amortization Payments in the full amount of 200,000 each month on Notes other than the Purchased Third Option
Notes. 

(c) Interest . Section 2(d) of
the Purchased Third Option Notes is amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

(d)
 Interest . This Note shall bear interest on the aggregate unconverted and unamortized Principal Amount then outstanding of this
Note semiannually in arrears at a rate of 10 per annum, with 10 per annum payable in cash Cash Interest and
0 per annum payable in kind by adding such accrued and unpaid interest to the unpaid Principal Amount of this Note PIK
Interest from the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. Interest on this Note is payable in arrears on
the Maturity Date. Additional Interest will be payable by the Borrower to the Holder as set forth in Section 2(d) of the Registration
Rights Agreement. 

(d)
 Interest Make-Whole Payments . Notwithstanding anything in Section 4(a)(ii) or Section 4(a)(iii) of the Purchased Third Option
Notes to the contrary, no Holder will be entitled to receive any Interest Make-Whole Payments in connection with a conversion of all
or any portion of the Purchased Third Option Notes pursuant to Section 4 of the Purchased Third Option Notes. 

(e)
 Optional Prepayment . Section 2(e) of the Purchased Third Option Notes is amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

(e)
 Optional Prepayment . The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay the Purchased Third Option
Notes, in whole or in part, at a price equal to 100 of the Principal Amount of the Purchased Third Option Notes being prepaid plus all
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of prepayment. The Borrower shall provide the Holders of the Purchased Third Option Notes
and the Agent with at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice of any election to exercise its right to prepay any portion of
the Purchased Third Option Notes pursuant to this Section 2(e). Any such prepayment shall be reflected on the Conversion/PIK Schedule,
containing at a minimum the information shown on Schedule 1 hereto. 

4 

6.
 Issuance of Additional Shares of Common Stock . 

(a)
Concurrently with the Option Notes Closing with respect to the Purchased Third Option Notes, and as an inducement for the Purchasers
to exercise in part the Purchased Third Option Notes and for the Holders to amend the terms of the Notes as set forth in this Agreement,
the Company shall issue to each Purchaser the following number of shares of Common Stock in book-entry format: 

Purchaser 
 Shares of Common Stock 
 
 Whitebox Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 47,630 
 
 Whitebox Relative Value Partners, LP 
 26,380 
 
 Pandora Select Partners, LP 
 4,397 
 
 Whitebox GT Fund, LP 
 4,031 
 
 Total 
 82,438 

(b)
The Company represents and warrants to the Purchasers that, as of the date hereof and before giving effect to the issuance of shares
pursuant to Section 6(a) of this Agreement, the Company has 2,520,985 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. The Company agrees
that all shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to this Agreement constitute Registrable Securities as defined in and pursuant to the
Registration Rights Agreement. 

7.
 Acknowledgement of Timing of Registration Rights . The Company and each of the Purchasers acknowledge that a registration statement
registering the resale of the Common Stock underlying the Purchased Third Option Notes and the Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section
6 of this Agreement may not be filed until the Company has filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022 (the Annual Report and, as a result, the Filing Date (as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement) for such Common Stock shall be the date 45 calendar days after the filing of the 2022 Annual Report. 

8.
 Binding Effect . The terms and provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
heirs, representatives, successors and assigns. 

9.
 Reaffirmation of Obligations . The Company hereby ratifies the Note Documents and acknowledges and reaffirms (a) that it is bound
by all terms of the Note Documents applicable to it and (b) that it is responsible for the observance and full performance of its respective
Obligations. 

10.
 Note Document . This Agreement shall constitute a Note Document under the terms of each Note. 

11.
 Multiple Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts),
each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy, pdf or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 

12.
 Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT
OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

13.
 Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process; Agreement of Jury Trial . The jurisdiction, service of process and waiver of jury
trial provisions set forth in subsections 13(h) and 13(i) of the Notes are hereby incorporated by reference. 

14.
 Agent Authorization . Each of the undersigned Holders hereby authorizes and directs Agent to execute and deliver this Agreement
on its behalf and, by its execution below, each of the undersigned Holders agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
In executing this Agreement, the Agent shall be entitled to all of the rights, benefits, protections, indemnities and immunities afforded
to it pursuant to the Note Documents. 

[Signature
page follows] 

5 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Partial Option Exercise and Second Amendment of the 10 Secured Convertible Notes has been duly executed and delivered
by each of the parties hereto as of the date 

first
above written. 

COMPANY: 
 
 Whitebox GT Fund, LP 

Reed s,
 Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 By: 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Name: 
 Thomas
 J Spisak 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

HOLDER
 REPRESENTATIVE: 

Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Holder Representative 
 
 HOLDERS: 

By: 

Whitebox Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 COLLATERAL AGENT: 
 
 Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Collateral Agent 
 
 Whitebox
Relative Value Partners, LP 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Title: 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Pandora
 Select Partners, LP 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

[Signature
Page to Partial Option Exercise and Second Amendment of the 10 Secured Convertible Notes] 

6 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Partial Option Exercise and Second Amendment of the 10 Secured Convertible Notes has been duly executed and delivered
by each of the parties hereto as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 
 
 Whitebox GT Fund, LP 

Reed s,
 Inc. 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Name: 
 Thomas
 J Spisak 
 
 Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

HOLDERS: 
 
 HOLDER REPRESENTATIVE: 

Whitebox
 Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 
 Wilmington
Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Holder Representative 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Name: 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 

COLLATERAL
 AGENT: 

Whitebox
 Relative Value Partners, LP 
 
 Wilmington
 Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Collateral Agent 
 
 By:

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Name: 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 

Pandora Select Partners, LP 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

[Signature
Page to Partial Option Exercise and Second Amendment of the 10 Secured Convertible Notes] 

7 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Partial Option Exercise and Second Amendment of the 10 Secured Convertible Notes has been duly executed and delivered
by each of the parties hereto as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 
 
 Whitebox
 GT Fund, LP 

By: 

Reed s,
 Inc. 
 
 Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 By: 

Name: 
 Thomas
 J Spisak 
 
 HOLDER REPRESENTATIVE:

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Holder Representative 
 
 HOLDERS: 

By: 

Whitebox
 Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 
 Name: 
 Raye Goldsborough 

Title: 
 Vice
President 
 
 By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 COLLATERAL
 AGENT: 
 
 Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Collateral Agen 
 
 Whitebox
 Relative Value Partners, LP 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
 Raye
 Goldsborough 
 
 Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Title: 
 Vice
 President 
 
 Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Pandora Select Partners, LP 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

[Signature
Page to Partial Option Exercise and Second Amendment of the 10 Secured Convertible Notes] 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 5
 ex10-20.htm

Exhibit 10.20 

LIMITED
WAIVER AND DEFERRAL AGREEMENT 

THIS
LIMITED WAIVER AND DEFERRAL AGREEMENT (this Waiver is dated and effective as of February 10, 2023 between REED S,
INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), the Holders party hereto, and WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY, FSB,
as Holder Representative and Collateral Agent (the Agent ). 

WHEREAS,
on November 30, 2022, December 31, 2022 and January 31, 2023, the Indebtedness in favor of the ABL Lenders arising under the ABL
Debt Documents at each such date exceeded the applicable amount set forth in clause (n) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness
by an amount equal to 7,000,000 (the November 2022 Excess ABL Amount ), 6,476,764 (the December 2022
Excess ABL Amount ), and 3,373,450 (after accounting for the payment to the Company on February 1, 2023 of receivables
owed by one of the Company s customers identified to the Holders) (the January 2023 Excess ABL Amount ),
respectively, and, as a result, pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Notes (as defined below), the Company owes fees, payable in cash,
of 700,000 with regard to the November 2022 Excess ABL Amount (the November 2022 Excess ABL Fee ), 647,676
with regard to the December 2022 Excess ABL Amount (the December 2022 Excess ABL Fee and 337,345 with regard
to the January 2023 Excess ABL Amount (the January 2023 Excess ABL Fee ). 

WHEREAS,
with the consent of the Holders, the Company has previously paid the November 2022 Excess ABL Fee to the Holders in the form of an aggregate
 175,000 cash and 5,250,000 shares of Common Stock paid on or about December 6, 2022 (the November 2022 Excess ABL Payment ). 

WHEREAS,
the Company requests that the payment of the December 2022 Excess ABL Fee, the January 2023 Excess ABL Fee and any fee payable pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Notes on or prior to June 30, 2023 (such fees, collectively, the Deferred ABL Fees be deferred
as set forth in this Waiver. 

WHEREAS,
the Holders elected to forego the monthly Amortization Payments otherwise due and payable during the period from December 1, 2022 until
June 30, 2023 (collectively, the Foregone Amortization Payments ). 

WHEREAS,
on November 13, 2022, the Company, the Holders and the Agent entered into a Limited Waiver Agreement (the Limited Waiver Agreement ),
pursuant to Section 4 of which the parties acknowledged the payment of certain amounts of cash and shares of Common Stock in full satisfaction
of the Company s obligations under the Side Letter (as defined in the Limited Waiver Agreement) but inadvertently omitted the payment
of an aggregate 8,085 additional shares of Common Stock issued on or about October 25, 2022 in partial satisfaction of the Company s
obligations under the Side Letter (such shares, the October Repurchase Payment ). 

WHEREAS,
concurrently with the execution of this Waiver, the Company, the Holders and the Agent are executing a Partial Option Exercise and Second
Amendment to the 10 Secured Convertible Notes (the Option Exercise and Amendment providing for, among other things,
the exercise in part of the Holders option to purchase additional Notes pursuant to the terms of the Note Purchase Agreement (as
defined below). 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged), the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

1.
 Incorporation of Terms . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the 10 Secured Convertible
Notes dated May 9, 2022, as amended (each, a Note , and collectively, the Notes ), issued by
the Company pursuant to that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2022, as amended (the Note Purchase Agreement ),
between the Company, the Holder Representative and each purchaser on the schedule of purchasers thereto. 

2.
 Representations and Warranties . The Company hereby represents and warrants that after giving effect to this Waiver, all representations
and warranties contained in the Notes are true and correct, in all material respects, on and as of the date hereof, except (a) to the
extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as
of such earlier date, and (b) in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality, they shall be true and correct
in all respects. 

3.
 Waivers . 

(a)
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 7 of this Waiver, Agent (as directed by all Holders below)
and the Holders party hereto hereby waive the Specified ABL Events of Default under the Notes (each as listed on Annex A hereto). 

(b)
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 7 of this Waiver, Agent (as directed by all Holders
below) and the Holders party hereto hereby temporarily waive the Specified Events of Default (as listed on Annex A hereto)
through and including the earlier to occur of (i) the date that any Event of Default (other than a Specified Event of Default)
occurs under the Notes or any other Note Document and (ii) June 30, 2023 (such period, the Waiver Period ),
which waivers, in the case of clause (ii), shall become permanent if the Company is compliant with Section 7(w) of the Notes as of
June 30, 2023 without regard to the waivers contained in this Section 3(b). 

(c)
Except as set forth in Section 3(b), in the event that the Specified Events of Default have not been resolved in a manner acceptable
to the Majority Holders on or before the expiration of the applicable Waiver Period, (i) the waiver provided in Section 3(b) shall terminate
immediately, (ii) the Specified Events of Default shall be deemed to have occurred and be continuing for all purposes of the Notes and
the other Note Documents. 

(d)
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 7 of this Waiver, Agent (as directed by all Holders below)
and the Holders party hereto hereby waive any requirement pursuant to Section 6 of the Notes that the Company conduct a repurchase of
Notes in the event of a Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (D) of the definition thereof occurring prior to April 1, 2023, provided,
that , if a Fundamental Change pursuant to clause (D) of the definition thereof occurs prior to April 1, 2023, the Company shall comply
with the requirements of Section 6 of the Notes as if such Fundamental Change had occurred on and as of April 1, 2023). 

(e)
This Section 3 shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth herein and shall not be construed as a consent to or
waiver of any breach or Default other than as specifically waived herein and shall not (i) affect the right of Agent or any of the
Holders to demand strict compliance by Company with all terms and conditions of the Notes, except as specifically consented to,
modified or waived by the terms hereof, (ii) be deemed a consent to or waiver of any future transaction or action on the part of any
Note Party requiring the Holders or the Majority Holders consent or approval under the Notes, or (iii) diminish,
prejudice or waive any of Agent s or any Holders rights and remedies under the Notes or applicable law, whether arising
as a consequence of any Event of Default which may now exist or otherwise, and Agent and each of the Holders hereby reserve all of
such rights and remedies. For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent any
provision of the Notes is qualified by, or requires the absence of, any Default or Event of Default, a Default or Event of Default
shall be deemed to not have occurred for purposes of such provisions. 

2 

4.
 Treatment of Deferred ABL Fees, Determination of Excess ABL Fees and Deferred Amortization Payments . 

(a)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 12(g) of the Notes, the Deferred ABL Fees shall become due and payable in cash on
June 30, 2023. 

(b)
The Holders agree and acknowledge that the payment of the November 2022 Excess ABL Payment constituted full payment and satisfaction
of the November 2022 Excess ABL Fee. 

(c)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 12(g) of the Notes, from and after January 1, 2023, the Holders and the Note Parties
agree that any fee payable under Section 12(g) of the Notes shall be calculated using the amount by which the Indebtedness in favor of
the ABL Lenders arising under the ABL Debt Documents exceeds the amount set forth in clause (n) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness
as of the last day of the applicable calendar month. 

(d)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2(b) of the Notes, (i) the applicable portion of the aggregate Principal Amounts
included in the Foregone Amortization Payments shall remain part of the aggregate Principal Amount of the applicable Note outstanding
and shall become due and owing in accordance with the terms of such Note and (ii) Interest shall continue to accrue on such Principal
Amounts from the last Interest Payment Date without interruption. The Company and Holders hereby acknowledge and agree that (x) Amortization
Payments shall resume on July 1, 2023 with the updated amortization schedule attached as Annex B hereto, and (y) the Conversion/PIK
Schedule in respect of each Note is, as of the date hereof, true and accurate as set forth on Annex C hereto. 

5.
 Acknowledgement of Side Letter Payments . Notwithstanding anything in the Limited Waiver Agreement to the contrary, the Company
and each Holder acknowledge receipt of their applicable portion of each of the Repurchase Payments (as defined in the Limited Waiver
Agreement) and the October Repurchase Payment, which together constitute full satisfaction of the Company s obligations under the
Side Letter (as defined in the Limited Waiver Agreement) to repurchase the Purchase Option Notes (as defined in the Limited Waiver Agreement).
The Company agrees that all shares of Common Stock issued in connection with the Repurchase Payments (as defined in the Limited Waiver
Agreement) and the October Repurchase Payment shall constitute Registrable Securities as defined in and pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement. 

6.
 Releases . 

(a)
The Company, on behalf of itself and each of the Note Parties (and on behalf of each Affiliate thereof) and for itself and for its successors
in title and assignees and, to the extent the same is claimed by right of, through or under any of the Note Parties, for its past, present
and future employees, agents, representatives (other than legal representatives), officers, directors, shareholders, and trustees (each,
a Releasing Party and collectively, the Releasing Parties ), does hereby remise, release and
discharge, and shall be deemed to have forever remised, released and discharged, the Agent, and each of the Holders in their respective
capacities as such under the Note Documents, and the Agent s and each Holder s respective successors-in-title, legal representatives
and assignees, past, present and future officers, directors, affiliates, shareholders, trustees, agents, employees, consultants, experts,
advisors, attorneys and other professionals and all other persons and entities to whom the Agent and each of the Holders or any of their
respective successors-in-title, legal representatives and assignees, past, present and future officers, directors, affiliates, shareholders,
trustees, agents, employees, consultants, experts, advisors, attorneys and other professionals would be liable if such persons or entities
were found to be liable to any Releasing Party or any of them (collectively, hereinafter the Releasees ), from any
and all manner of action and actions, cause and causes of action, claims, charges, demands, counterclaims, crossclaims, suits, debts,
dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, rights of setoff and recoupment, controversies,
damages, judgments, expenses, executions, liens, claims of liens, claims of costs, penalties, attorneys fees, or any other compensation,
recovery or relief on account of any liability, obligation, demand or cause of action of whatever nature, whether in law, equity or otherwise,
whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, joint and/or several, secured or unsecured, due or not due, primary or secondary, liquidated
or unliquidated, contractual or tortious, direct, indirect, or derivative, asserted or unasserted, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected
or unsuspected, now existing, heretofore existing or which may heretofore accrue against any of the Releasees, and which are, in each
case, based on any act, fact, event or omission or other matter, cause or thing occurring at any time prior to or on the date hereof
in any way, directly or indirectly arising out of, connected with or relating to the Notes or any other Note Document and the transactions
contemplated thereby, and all other agreements, certificates, instruments and other documents and statements (whether written or oral)
related to any of the foregoing (each, a Claim and collectively, the Claims ); provided,
that , no Releasing Party shall have any obligation with respect to Claims to the extent such Claims are determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Releasee.
Each Releasing Party further stipulates and agrees with respect to all Claims, that it hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, any and all provisions, rights, and benefits conferred by any applicable U.S. federal or state law, or any principle
of common law, that would otherwise limit a release or discharge of any unknown Claims pursuant to this Section 6. 

3 

(b)
The Company, on behalf of each Note Party, itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives, hereby absolutely, unconditionally
and irrevocably, covenants and agrees with and in favor of each Releasee that it will not sue (at law, in equity, in any regulatory proceeding
or otherwise) any Releasee on the basis of any Claim released, remised and discharged by any Note Party pursuant to Section 6(a) of this
Waiver. If any Note Party or any of its successors, assigns or other legal representatives violates the foregoing covenant, the Note
Parties, each for itself and its successors, assigns and legal representatives, agrees to pay, in addition to such other damages as any
Releasee may sustain as a result of such violation, all attorneys fees and costs incurred by any Releasee as a result of such
violation. 

7.
 Conditions to Effectiveness . This Waiver shall not be effective until each of the following conditions precedent has been fulfilled
to the satisfaction of the Agent (at the direction of all Holders): 

(a)
This Waiver shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Company, the Agent, and the Majority Holders, and the Agent shall have
received evidence thereof. 

(b)
After giving effect to this Waiver, no Default or Event of Default (other than the Specified Events of Default and Specified ABL Events
of Default) shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(c)
The Company shall have paid the outstanding fees and expenses of King Spalding LLP, counsel to the Holders, and the fees and expenses
of Agent through the date hereof. 

(d)
The Option Exercise and Amendment shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Company, the Holders and the Agent, and the issuance
of the Purchased Third Option Notes (as defined therein) and the related shares of Common Stock specified therein shall have been completed. 

8.
 Share Counts . All numbers expressed in shares of Common Stock in this Agreement do not give effect to the Company s 1-for-50
reverse stock split effective as of 12:01 a.m., Eastern time, on January 27, 2023. 

9.
 Binding Effect . The terms and provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
heirs, representatives, successors and assigns. 

4 

10.
 Reaffirmation of Obligations . The Company hereby ratifies the Note Documents and acknowledges and reaffirms (a) that it is bound
by all terms of the Note Documents applicable to it and (b) that it is responsible for the observance and full performance of its respective
Obligations. 

11.
 Note Document . This Waiver shall constitute a Note Document under the terms of each Note. 

12. Multiple
Counterparts . This Waiver may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of
which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Waiver by telecopy, pdf or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Waiver. 

13.
 Governing Law . THIS WAIVER AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT
OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS WAIVER AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

14.
 Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process; Agreement of Jury Trial . The jurisdiction, service of process and waiver of jury
trial provisions set forth in subsections 13(h) and 13(i) of the Notes are hereby incorporated by reference. 

15.
 Agent Authorization . Each of the undersigned Holders hereby authorizes and directs Agent to execute and deliver this Waiver on
its behalf and, by its execution below, each of the undersigned Holders agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Waiver.
In executing this Waiver, the Agent shall be entitled to all of the rights, benefits, protections, indemnities and immunities afforded
to it pursuant to the Note Documents. 

[Signature
page follows] 

5 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto as of
the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 
 
 HOLDER
 REPRESENTATIVE: 

Reed s, Inc. 
 
 Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, 
 solely in its capacity as the Holder Representative 

By:

By:

Name:
 
 Thomas
 J Spisak 
 
 Name: 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Title: 

HOLDERS: 
 
 COLLATERAL
 AGENT: 

Whitebox
 Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 
 Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, 
 solely in its capacity as the Collateral Agent 

By: 

By: 

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Name: 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 

Whitebox
 Relative Value Partners, LP 

By:

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Pandora
 Select Partners, LP 

By:

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Whitebox
 GT Fund, LP 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

[Signature
Page to Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement] 

6 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto as of
the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 
 
 HOLDER
 REPRESENTATIVE: 

Reed s, Inc. 
 
 Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, 
 solely in its capacity as the Holder Representative 

By:

By: 

Name: 
 Thomas
J Spisak 
 
 Name: 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Title: 

HOLDERS: 
 
 COLLATERAL
 AGENT: 

Whitebox
 Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 
 Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, 
 solely in its capacity as the Collateral Agent 

By:

By:

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Name: 

Title: 
 Authorized
Signatory 
 
 Title: 

Whitebox
 Relative Value Partners, LP 

By: 

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
Signatory 

Pandora
 Select Partners, LP 

By:

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Whitebox
 GT Fund, LP 

By:

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
Signatory 

[Signature Page to Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement] 

7 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto as of
the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 
 
 HOLDER
 REPRESENTATIVE: 

Reed s,
 Inc. 
 
 Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, 
 solely in its capacity as the Holder Representative 

By:

By: 

Name: 
 Thomas
J Spisak 
 
 Name: 
 Raye
 Goldsborough 
 
 Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Title: 
 Vice
 President 

HOLDERS: 
 
 COLLATERAL
 AGENT: 

Whitebox
 Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 
 Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, 
 solely in its capacity as the Collateral Agent 

By:

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Name: 
 Raye
 Goldsborough 
 
 Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 
 Vice
 President 

Whitebox
 Relative Value Partners, LP 

By: 

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Pandora
 Select Partners, LP 

By:

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Whitebox
 GT Fund, LP 

By:

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

[Signature
Page to Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement] 

Annex
A to 

 Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement 

Specified
Events of Default 

1. 
 The Company s failure to comply with Section 7(w) of
the Notes on or prior to June 30, 2023 by maintaining, as required under clause (n) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness in the
Notes, Indebtedness in favor of the ABL Lenders arising under the ABL Debt Documents less than the sum of (i) 6,000,000 plus (ii) the
aggregate principal amount of Notes voluntarily converted into Conversion Consideration pursuant to Section 4 of each applicable Note,
in each case subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 

Specified
ABL Events of Default 

1. 
 The Company s failure to (a) comply, as of November 30,
2022, December 31, 2022 and January 31, 2023, with Section 7(w) of the Notes by maintaining, as required under clause (n) of the definition
of Permitted Indebtedness in the Notes, Indebtedness in favor of the ABL Lenders arising under the ABL Debt Documents less than the sum
of (i) 6,000,000 plus (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Notes voluntarily converted into Conversion Consideration pursuant to Section
4 of each applicable Note, in each case subject to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, and (b) timely pay the November 2022 Excess
ABL Fee, December 2022 Excess ABL Fee and January 2023 Excess ABL Fee as required under Section 12(g) of the Notes. 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.22>
 6
 ex10-22.htm

Exhibit 10.22 

Execution
Version 

LIMITED
WAIVER 

THIS
LIMITED WAIVER (this Waiver is dated and effective as of April 11, 2023 between REED S, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the Company ), the Holders party hereto, and WILMINGTON SAVINGS FUND SOCIETY, FSB, as Holder Representative
and Collateral Agent (the Agent ). 

WHEREAS,
on February 10, 2023, the Company, the Holders and the Agent entered into a Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement (the Limited
Waiver Agreement ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to waive certain provisions of the Notes upon the occurrence of certain
Fundamental Changes on or prior to April 1, 2023. 

WHEREAS,
on February 16, 2023, a Fundamental Change constituting a Make-Whole Fundamental Change occurred as a result of the delisting of the
Common Stock (the Delisting ). 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged), the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 

1.
 Incorporation of Terms . All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as in the 10 Secured Convertible
Notes dated May 9, 2022, as amended (each, a Note , and collectively, the Notes ), issued by
the Company pursuant to that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2022, as amended (the Note Purchase Agreement ),
between the Company, the Holder Representative and each purchaser on the schedule of purchasers thereto. 

2.
 Representations and Warranties . The Company hereby represents and warrants that after giving effect to this Waiver, all representations
and warranties contained in the Notes are true and correct, in all material respects, on and as of the date hereof, except (a) to the
extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as
of such earlier date, and (b) in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality, they shall be true and correct
in all respects. 

3.
 Waivers . 

(a)
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5 of this Waiver, Agent (as directed by all Holders below)
and the Holders party hereto hereby temporarily waive the Specified Events of Default (as listed on Annex A hereto) through and
including the date hereof. 

(b)
Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5 of this Waiver, Agent (as directed by all Holders below)
and the Holders party hereto hereby waive any requirement pursuant to Section 6 of the Notes that the Company conduct a repurchase of
Notes as a result of the Delisting prior to May 1, 2023, provided, that , for all purposes under the Notes, the Company shall treat
the Delisting, and the resulting Fundamental Change and Make-Whole Fundamental Change, as if they occurred and became effective on and
as of May 1, 2023. 

(c)
This Section 3 shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth herein and shall not be construed as a consent to or waiver
of any breach or Default other than as specifically waived herein and shall not (i) affect the right of Agent or any of the Holders to
demand strict compliance by Company with all terms and conditions of the Notes, except as specifically consented to, modified or waived
by the terms hereof, (ii) be deemed a consent to or waiver of any future transaction or action on the part of any Note Party requiring
the Holders or the Majority Holders consent or approval under the Notes, or (iii) diminish, prejudice or waive any of Agent s
or any Holders rights and remedies under the Notes or applicable law, whether arising as a consequence of any Event of Default
which may now exist or otherwise, and Agent and each of the Holders hereby reserve all of such rights and remedies. For the avoidance
of doubt and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, to the extent any provision of the Notes is qualified by, or requires the
absence of, any Default or Event of Default, a Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to not have occurred for purposes
of such provisions. 

4.
 Releases . 

(a)
The Company, on behalf of itself and each of the Note Parties (and on behalf of each Affiliate thereof) and for itself and for its successors
in title and assignees and, to the extent the same is claimed by right of, through or under any of the Note Parties, for its past, present
and future employees, agents, representatives (other than legal representatives), officers, directors, shareholders, and trustees (each,
a Releasing Party and collectively, the Releasing Parties ), does hereby remise, release and
discharge, and shall be deemed to have forever remised, released and discharged, the Agent, and each of the Holders in their respective
capacities as such under the Note Documents, and the Agent s and each Holder s respective successors-in-title, legal representatives
and assignees, past, present and future officers, directors, affiliates, shareholders, trustees, agents, employees, consultants, experts,
advisors, attorneys and other professionals and all other persons and entities to whom the Agent and each of the Holders or any of their
respective successors-in-title, legal representatives and assignees, past, present and future officers, directors, affiliates, shareholders,
trustees, agents, employees, consultants, experts, advisors, attorneys and other professionals would be liable if such persons or entities
were found to be liable to any Releasing Party or any of them (collectively, hereinafter the Releasees ), from any
and all manner of action and actions, cause and causes of action, claims, charges, demands, counterclaims, crossclaims, suits, debts,
dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, rights of setoff and recoupment, controversies,
damages, judgments, expenses, executions, liens, claims of liens, claims of costs, penalties, attorneys fees, or any other compensation,
recovery or relief on account of any liability, obligation, demand or cause of action of whatever nature, whether in law, equity or otherwise,
whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, joint and/or several, secured or unsecured, due or not due, primary or secondary, liquidated
or unliquidated, contractual or tortious, direct, indirect, or derivative, asserted or unasserted, foreseen or unforeseen, suspected
or unsuspected, now existing, heretofore existing or which may heretofore accrue against any of the Releasees, and which are, in each
case, based on any act, fact, event or omission or other matter, cause or thing occurring at any time prior to or on the date hereof
in any way, directly or indirectly arising out of, connected with or relating to the Notes or any other Note Document and the transactions
contemplated thereby, and all other agreements, certificates, instruments and other documents and statements (whether written or oral)
related to any of the foregoing (each, a Claim and collectively, the Claims ); provided,
that , no Releasing Party shall have any obligation with respect to Claims to the extent such Claims are determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Releasee.
Each Releasing Party further stipulates and agrees with respect to all Claims, that it hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, any and all provisions, rights, and benefits conferred by any applicable U.S. federal or state law, or any principle
of common law, that would otherwise limit a release or discharge of any unknown Claims pursuant to this Section 6. 

(b)
The Company, on behalf of each Note Party, itself and its successors, assigns, and other legal representatives, hereby absolutely, unconditionally
and irrevocably, covenants and agrees with and in favor of each Releasee that it will not sue (at law, in equity, in any regulatory proceeding
or otherwise) any Releasee on the basis of any Claim released, remised and discharged by any Note Party pursuant to Section 6(a) of this
Waiver. If any Note Party or any of its successors, assigns or other legal representatives violates the foregoing covenant, the Note
Parties, each for itself and its successors, assigns and legal representatives, agrees to pay, in addition to such other damages as any
Releasee may sustain as a result of such violation, all attorneys fees and costs incurred by any Releasee as a result of such
violation. 

5.
 Conditions to Effectiveness . This Waiver shall not be effective until each of the following conditions precedent has been fulfilled
to the satisfaction of the Agent (at the direction of all Holders): 

(a)
This Waiver shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Company, the Agent, and the Majority Holders, and the Agent shall have
received evidence thereof. 

2 

(b)
After giving effect to this Waiver, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

(c)
The Company shall have paid the outstanding fees and expenses of King Spalding LLP, counsel to the Holders, and the fees and expenses
of Agent through the date hereof. 

6.
 Binding Effect . The terms and provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
heirs, representatives, successors and assigns. 

7.
 Reaffirmation of Obligations . The Company hereby ratifies the Note Documents and acknowledges and reaffirms (a) that it is bound
by all terms of the Note Documents applicable to it and (b) that it is responsible for the observance and full performance of its respective
Obligations. 

8.
 Note Document . This Waiver shall constitute a Note Document under the terms of each Note. 

9. Multiple
Counterparts . This Waiver may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of
which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed
counterpart of a signature page of this Waiver by telecopy, pdf or other electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Waiver. 

10.
 Governing Law . THIS WAIVER AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT
OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS WAIVER AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

11.
 Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process; Agreement of Jury Trial . The jurisdiction, service of process and waiver of jury
trial provisions set forth in subsections 13(h) and 13(i) of the Notes are hereby incorporated by reference. 

12.
 Agent Authorization . Each of the undersigned Holders hereby authorizes and directs Agent to execute and deliver this Waiver on
its behalf and, by its execution below, each of the undersigned Holders agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Waiver.
In executing this Waiver, the Agent shall be entitled to all of the rights, benefits, protections, indemnities and immunities afforded
to it pursuant to the Note Documents. 

[Signature
page follows] 

3 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Limited Waiver has been duly executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 
 
 HOLDER
 REPRESENTATIVE: 

Reed s,
 Inc. 
 
 Wilmington
 Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Holder Representative 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
 Norman
 E. Snyder, Jr. 
 
 Name: 

Title: 
 CEO 
 
 Title: 

HOLDERS: 
 
 COLLATERAL
 AGENT: 

Whitebox
 Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 
 Wilmington
 Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Collateral Agent 

By: 

By:

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Name: 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 

Whitebox
 Relative Value Partners, LP 

By: 

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Pandora
 Select Partners, LP 

By: 

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Whitebox
 GT Fund, LP 

By:

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

[Signature
Page to Limited Waiver] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Limited Waiver has been duly executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 
 
 HOLDER
 REPRESENTATIVE: 

Reed s,
 Inc. 
 
 Wilmington
 Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Holder Representative 

By:

By:

Name: 

Name:
 
 Raye
 Goldsborough 
 
 Title: 

Title: 
 Vice
 President 

HOLDERS: 
 
 COLLATERAL
 AGENT: 

Whitebox
 Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 
 Wilmington
 Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Collateral Agent 

By:

By: 

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Name:
 
 Raye
 Goldsborough 
 
 Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 
 Vice
 President 

Whitebox
 Relative Value Partners, LP 

By:

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Pandora
 Select Partners, LP 

By:

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Whitebox
 GT Fund, LP 

By:

Name:
 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

[Signature Page to Limited Waiver] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Limited Waiver has been duly executed and delivered by each of the parties hereto as of the date first above written. 

COMPANY: 
 
 HOLDER REPRESENTATIVE: 

Reed s, Inc. 
 
 Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Holder Representative 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Name: 

Title: 

Title: 

HOLDERS: 
 
 COLLATERAL AGENT: 

Whitebox
 Multi-Strategy Partners, LP 
 
 Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, solely in its capacity as the Collateral Agent 

By: 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 
 
 Name:: 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title 

Whitebox
 Relative Value Partners, LP 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Pandora
 Select Partners, LP 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

Whitebox
 GT Fund, LP 

By: 

Name: 
 Jacob
 Mercer 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 

[Signature
Page to Limited Waiver] 

Annex
A to 

 Limited Waiver and Deferral Agreement 

Specified
Events of Default 

1.
The Company s failure to comply with Section 4(f) of the Notes on or prior to the date hereof. 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-21>
 7
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

Subsidiaries
of Reed s, Inc. 

None. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 pertaining to Reed s, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive
Plan, as amended December 30, 2021, of our report dated May 15, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Reed s, Inc. as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, (which report includes an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern), which appear in Reed s, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2023 

/s/Weinberg
 Company, P.A. 

 Los
Angeles, California 

 May
15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Norman E. Snyder, Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed s, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 15, 2023 
 /s/
 Norman E. Snyder, Jr. 

Norman
 E. Snyder, Jr. 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Joann Tinnelly, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed s, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 May 15, 2023 
 /s/
 Joann Tinnelly 

Joann
 Tinnelly 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed s, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Norman E.
Snyder, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge and belief: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

REED S,
 INC. 

Date:
 May 15, 2023 
 By:
 
 Norman
 E. Snyder, Jr. 

Norman
 E. Snyder, Jr. 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed s, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Joann Tinnelly,
Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of her knowledge and belief: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

REED S,
 INC. 

Date:
 May 15, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Joann Tinnelly 

Joann
 Tinnelly 

Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 101
 reed-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 103
 reed-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 104
 reed-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 105
 reed-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

