<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230427_10-K_edgar_data_1008586_0001493152-23-013852.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8787296</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>267001</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1475346</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2626383</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1932980</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2277239</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-013852.hdr.sgml : 20230427
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230427170106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-013852
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230427
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230427

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001008586
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				311455414
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28132
		FILM NUMBER:		23858236

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2400 OLD MILTON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		BOX 1353
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30009
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-997-8732

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2400 OLD MILTON PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		BOX 1353
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30009

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STREEAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060809

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LANVISION SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960220

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-013852.txt : 20230427

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2023 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________to___________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed using the closing
price as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc. for the Registrant s Common Stock on July 31, 2022, the last business day of
the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 

The
number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock, .01 par value per share, as of April 24, 2023 was . 

Documents
incorporated by reference: 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

We
make forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report and in other materials we file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or otherwise make public. These statements about future events and expectations
are forward-looking within the meaning of Sections 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In this Report, both Part I, Item 1, Business, and Part
II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contain forward-looking
statements. In addition, our senior management makes forward-looking statements to analysts, investors, the media, and others. Statements
with respect to expected revenue, income, receivables, backlog, client attrition, acquisitions and other growth opportunities, sources
of funding operations and acquisitions, the integration of our solutions, the performance of our channel partner relationships, the sufficiency
of available liquidity, research and development, and other statements of our plans, beliefs or expectations are forward-looking statements.
These and other statements using words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend, plan, project, target, can, could, may, 
 should, will, would and similar expressions also are forward-looking statements. Each forward-looking
statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement. The forward-looking statements we make are not guarantees of future
performance, and we have based these statements on our assumptions and analyses in light of our experience and perception of historical
trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. Forward-looking
statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results, and actual future
results could differ materially from those described in such statements. Management cautions against putting undue reliance on forward-looking
statements or projecting any future results based on such statements or present or historical earnings levels. 

Among
the factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from our expectations are the risks and uncertainties described
in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors herein, and the other cautionary statements in other documents we file with the SEC, including
the following: 

competitive
 products and pricing; 

product
 demand and market acceptance; 

entry
 into new markets; 

the
 extent to which health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases, including the ongoing coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic
 and the efforts to mitigate it, could disrupt our operations and/or materially and adversely affect our business and financial conditions; 

the
 possibility that any of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Avelead Consulting, LLC Avelead will not be
 realized or will not be realized within the expected time period, the businesses of the Company and the Avelead segment may not be
 integrated successfully or such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, or revenues following
 the Avelead acquisition may be lower than expected; 

new
 product and services development and commercialization; 

key
 strategic alliances with vendors and channel partners that resell our products; 

uncertainty
 in continued relationships with clients due to termination rights; 

our
 ability to control costs; 

availability,
 quality and security of products produced and services provided by third-party vendors; 

the
 healthcare regulatory environment; 

potential
 changes in legislation, regulation and government funding affecting the healthcare industry; 

2 

healthcare
 information systems budgets; 

availability
 of healthcare information systems trained personnel for implementation of new systems, as well as maintenance of legacy systems; 

the
 success of our relationships with channel partners; 

fluctuations
 in operating results; 

our
 future cash needs; 

the
 consummation of resources in researching acquisitions, business opportunities or financings and capital market transactions; 

the
 failure to adequately integrate past and future acquisitions into our business; 

critical
 accounting policies and judgments; 

changes
 in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard-setting organizations; 

changes
 in economic, business and market conditions impacting the healthcare industry and the markets in which we operate; 

our
 ability to maintain compliance with the terms of our credit facilities; and 

our
 ability to maintain compliance with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). 

Most
of these factors are beyond our ability to predict or control. Any of these factors, or a combination of these factors, could materially
affect our future financial condition or results of operations and the ultimate accuracy of our forward-looking statements. There also
are other factors that we may not describe (generally because we currently do not perceive them to be material) that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our expectations. 

We
expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Company
Overview 

Incorporated
in 1989, Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. is a provider of solutions and services in the middle of the revenue cycle for healthcare
providers throughout the United States and Canada. Streamline Health s technology helps hospitals improve their financial performance
by optimizing data and coding for every patient encounter prior to bill submission. By performing these activities before billing, providers
can drive net revenue through reduced revenue leakage, overbilling, and days in accounts receivable. This enables providers to achieve
more predictable revenue streams using technology rather than manual intervention. 

The
Company provides computer software-based solutions, professional consulting and auditing and coding services, which capture, aggregate,
and translate structured and unstructured data to deliver intelligently organized, easily accessible predictive insights to its clients.
Hospitals and certain hospital owned and operated physician groups use the knowledge generated by Streamline Health to help them improve
their financial performance. 

The
Company s software solutions are delivered to clients either by access to the Company s data center systems through a secure
connection in a software as a service SaaS delivery method or by a fixed-term or perpetual license, where such software
is installed locally in the client s data center. 

The
Company operates exclusively in one segment as a provider of health information technology solutions and associated services that improve
healthcare processes and information flows within a healthcare facility. The Company sells its solutions and services in North America
to hospitals and health systems through its direct sales force and its reseller partnerships. 

As part of the Company s
strategic expansion into the revenue cycle management, acute-care healthcare space, the Company acquired all of the equity interests
of Avelead Consulting, LLC Avelead on August 16, 2021 on a cash- and debt-free basis. After the third fiscal quarter
of 2022, the Company announced a restructuring in order to fully integrate the Avelead business with its other solutions by the end
of fiscal 2022. As of that date, the Company s management was combined under one leader, and the functions of sales and marketing,
innovation, support, client success and implementation services were combined under common management. 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references to Streamline Health, the Company, we, us 
and our in this Report are intended to mean Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All references
to a fiscal year refer to the fiscal year commencing February 1 in that calendar year and ending on January 31 of the following calendar
year. 

Solutions 

The
Company offers solutions and services to assist its clients in revenue cycle management including its two flagship technologies RevID 
and eValuator TM . RevID offers automated, 24-hour reconciliation of clinical activity to patient billing records prior to billing.
eValuator provides 100 automated coding analysis prior to billing. In addition, the Company offers an array of professional services,
including system implementation. The Company s solutions and services are designed to improve the flow of critical coding information
throughout the enterprise. The solutions and services help to transform the structure of information between disparate information technology
systems into actionable data, giving the end user comprehensive access to clinical and business intelligence to enhance billing accuracy
and decision-making. Solutions can be accessed securely through SaaS or delivered either by a perpetual license or by a fixed-term license
installed locally. 

RevID
Automated Revenue Reconciliation RevID is a cloud-based SaaS automated, 24-hour charge reconciliation tool. RevID identifies
discrepancies between a provider s clinical and billing departments and ensures that every medical service is tracked, accounted
for, and ultimately accurately billed, thereby reducing revenue leakage. RevID functions on a pre-bill basis, allowing providers to catch
mistakes and discrepancies prior to billing. 

4 

eValuator
Coding Analysis Platform - This technology is a cloud-based SaaS solution that delivers the capability of fully automated analysis
on 100 of billing codes entered by a healthcare provider s coding team. This is done on a pre-bill basis, enabling providers to
identify and address their highest-impact cases prior to billing. Rule sets are enabled for inpatient, outpatient and pro-fee cases.
With eValuator, providers can add an audit function on a pre-bill basis to all cases, allowing the provider to better optimize reimbursements
and mitigate risk on its billing practices. 

Data
Comparison Engine DCE or Compare Compare is a cloud-based SaaS system synchronization module
that reconciles data in different software used by hospitals within their operations. Compare operates continuously and automates the
reconciliation of these systems to identify discrepancies or errors occurring between systems. Additionally, the Compare module can be
utilized as a maintenance check when a hospital adds additional disparate software systems or converts to a new software system. 

Coding
 CDI Solutions CDI provides an integrated on-premise or cloud-based software suite that enhances the productivity
of CDI and Coding staff and enables the seamless sharing of patient data. This suite of solutions includes workflows such as CDI, Abstracting
and Physician Query. 

Financial
Management Solutions (FMBA) FMBA has been sunset by the Company. FMBA solutions enable financial staff across the healthcare
enterprise to drill down quickly into actionable and real-time financial data and key performance indicators to improve revenue realization.
This suite of solutions includes individual workflows such as accounts receivable management, denials management, claims processing,
spend management and audit management. 

Professional
Services 

Audit
and Coding Services The Company provides technology-enabled audit and coding services to help clients review and optimize
their internal clinical documentation and coding functions across the applicable segment of the client s enterprise. The Company
provides these services using experienced coders and auditors through use of its eValuator proprietary software to improve the targeting
of records with the highest likelihood of requiring an audit. The audit services are provided for inpatient diagnostic-related group
(DRG) code auditing, outpatient ambulatory payment classification (APC) auditing, hierarchical condition categories (HCC) auditing and
Physician/Pro-Fee services coding and auditing. The Company has attracted new clients on eValuator utilizing its coding and auditing
services as a technology enabled service. 

Software
Services Software services relates to implementation of our core software modules, including data collection, configuration
of the software based on the clients needs, training and support. Support services include non-specified upgrades to the software. 

Professional
Services The Company s professional services are typically associated with hospital revenue cycle assistance and
include troubleshooting, staff augmentation and adhoc services. Services may include, but are not limited to, review of
workflow processes, development and optimization of new workflows, optimization of interfaces, performance of audits and reconciliations,
interim resources and project management of system implementations or conversions. The Company has replaced its emphasis on professional
services with technology solutions. The Company s premise is that technology on the front end of the revenue cycle process will
reduce waste and errors in the coding and the backend. 

Discontinued
Operations 

Enterprise
Content Management ECM Assets This legacy technology product has existed since the inception of the Company.
This product assists hospitals with workflow on electronic health records. Historically, this has been one of the largest products, in
terms of revenue, for the Company. The ECM Assets were sold on February 24, 2020 to Hyland Software in a transaction accounted for as
a sale of assets. See Note 13 Discontinued Operations to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data . For purposes of the financial information that is contained herein, this business is accounted
for as Discontinued Operations. 

5 

Clients
and Strategic Partners 

The
Company continues to provide transformational data-driven solutions to some of the finest, most well-respected healthcare enterprises
in the United States and Canada. Clients are geographically dispersed throughout North America. The Company provides these solutions
through a combination of direct sales and relationships with strategic channel partners. 

During
fiscal 2022, two individual clients accounted for 10 or more of our continuing operations revenue and represented approximately 7.9
million of total continuing operations revenue. During fiscal 2021, one individual client accounted for 10 or more of our continuing
operations revenue and represented approximately 2.6 million of total continuing operations revenue. Four clients represented 13 , 12 ,
12 and 10 , respectively, of continuing operations accounts receivable as of January 31, 2023, and three clients represented 24 , 16 
and 15 , respectively, of continuing operations accounts receivable as of January 31, 2022. Many of our clients are invoiced on an annual
basis. 

For
more information regarding our major clients, please see Risks Relating to Our Business - Our sales have been concentrated in
a small number of clients in Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors herein. 

Acquisitions
and Divestitures 

The
Company regularly evaluates opportunities for acquisitions and divestitures for portions of the Company that may not align with current
growth strategies. 

The
Company acquired all of the equity interests of Avelead as part of the Company s strategic expansion into the revenue cycle management,
acute-care healthcare space. The acquisition was completed on August 16, 2021. The aggregate consideration for the purchase of Avelead
was approximately 29.7 million (at fair value) consisting of (i) 12.5 million in cash, net of cash acquired, (ii) 6.5 million in common
stock, and (iii) approximately 10.7 million in contingent consideration. The Company issued 5,021,972 shares of its restricted common
stock to Avelead equity holders in connection with the acquisition. See Note 3 - Business Combination and Divestiture to our consolidated
financial statements included in Part II Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information
regarding the acquisition. 

The
Company divested its legacy ECM Assets, effective February 24, 2020, in a transaction accounted for as a sale of assets. This sale of
assets is consistent with the Company s efforts to offer and invest in products that serve the middle of the revenue cycle, primarily
for acute care healthcare organizations. We applied the standard of ASC 205-20-1 to ascertain the timing of accounting for the discontinued
operations. Based on ASC 205-20-1, the Company determined that it did not have the authority to sell the assets until the date of the
stockholder approval which was February 21, 2020. Accordingly, the Company did not present the ECM Assets as held for sale in its fiscal
2019 financial statements. On February 21, 2020, the Company having the authority and ability to consummate the sale of the ECM Assets,
met the criteria to present discontinued operations as described in ASC 205-20-1. Accordingly, the Company is reporting the results of
operations and cash flows, and related balance sheet items associated with the ECM Assets in discontinued operations in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and balance sheets for the current and comparative prior periods. See Note 13 
Discontinued Operations to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data . 

6 

Business
Segments 

Under ASC 280-10-50-11,
 two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if they are considered to be similar. Operating
segments are considered to be similar if they can be expected to have essentially the same economic characteristics and future prospects.
Using the aggregation guidance, the Company determined that it has one operating segment due to the similar economic characteristics
of the Company s products, product development, distribution, regulatory environment and client base as a provider of computer
software-based solutions and services for acute-care healthcare organizations. 

For
fiscal years 2022 and 2021, the Company had two reporting units for evaluation of goodwill; Streamline Solutions and Avelead Solutions.
The Company has determined that effective January 1, 2023, it has one reporting unit for purposes of evaluation of goodwill. At the end
of fiscal 2022, the Company consolidated and combined its operations for Streamline Solutions and Avelead Solutions. For total assets
at January 31, 2023 and 2022 and total revenue and net loss for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, see our consolidated
financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 

Contracts,
License and Services Fees 

The
Company enters into agreements with its clients that specify the scope of the system to be installed and/or services to be provided by
the Company, as well as the agreed-upon pricing, applicable term duration and the timetable for the associated licenses and services. 

For
clients purchasing software to be installed locally or provided on a SaaS model, these are multiple performance obligations that include
either a perpetual or term license and right to access the applicable software functionality (whether installed locally at the client
site or the right to use the Company s solutions as a part of SaaS services), terms regarding maintenance and support services,
and professional services for implementation, integration, process engineering, optimization and training, as well as fees and payment
terms for each of the foregoing. If the client purchases solutions on a perpetual license model, the client is billed the license fee
up front. Maintenance and support is provided on a term basis for separate fees, with an initial term typically from one to five years
in length. The maintenance and support fee is charged annually, in advance, commencing either upon contract execution or deployment of
the solution in live production. If the client purchases solutions on a term-based model, the client is billed periodically a combined
access fee for a specified term, typically from one to seven years in length. The access fee includes the access rights along with all
maintenance and support services. 

The
Company also generally provides software and SaaS clients professional services for implementation, integration, process engineering,
optimization and training. These services and the associated fees are separate from the license, maintenance and access fees. Professional
services are provided on either a fixed-fee or hourly arrangements billable to clients based on agreed-to payment milestones (fixed fee)
or monthly payment structure on hours incurred (hourly). These services can either be included at the time the related locally installed
software or SaaS solution is licensed as part of the initial purchase agreement or added as an addendum to the existing agreement for
services required after the initial implementation. The Company recognizes revenue for implementation for certain of its eValuator SaaS
solution over the contract term, as it has been determined that those implementation services are not a distinct performance obligation,
whereas for other SaaS and Software solutions such as CDI, RevID and Compare, it has been determined that its implementation services
are a distinct performance obligation and, accordingly, are recognized separately as professional services. 

Coding
and audit services are provided through a stand-alone services agreement or services addendum to an existing master services agreement
with the client. These review services are available as either a one-time service or recurring monthly, quarterly or annual review structure.
These services are typically provided on a per reviewed account/chart basis. Monthly minimums are required where material discounts have
been offered. Revenue is generally recognized when the chart is reviewed (i.e, service is completed). 

7 

The
commencement of revenue recognition on software solutions varies depending on the size and complexity of the system and/or services involved,
the implementation or performance schedule requested by the client and usage by clients of SaaS for software-based components. The Company s
agreements are generally non-cancellable but provide that the client may terminate its agreement upon a material breach by the Company
and/or may delay certain aspects of the installation or associated payments in such events. The Company does allow for termination
for convenience in certain situations. Therefore, it is difficult for the Company to accurately predict the revenue it expects to achieve
in any particular period, and a termination or installation delay of one or more phases of an agreement, or the failure of the Company
to procure additional agreements, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, and results
of operations, as further discussed in Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors herein. Historically, the Company has not experienced
a material amount of contract cancellations; however, the Company sometimes experiences delays in the course of contract performance
and the Company accounts for them accordingly. 

Third-Party
License Fees 

The
Company incorporates software licensed from various third-party vendors into its proprietary software. The Company licenses these software
products and pays the required license fees when such software is delivered to clients. 

Associates 

As
of January 31, 2023, the Company had 112 employees, a net decrease of 22 employees during fiscal 2022. All employees are full-time employees.
The Company utilizes independent contractors to supplement its staff, as needed. None of the Company s associates are represented
by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. The Company has never experienced a work stoppage and believes that
its employee relations are good. The Company s success depends, to a significant degree, on its management, sales and technical
personnel. 

For
more information on contracts, backlog, acquisitions and research and development, see also Part II, Item 7, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Competition 

The
RevID product has competition in charge reconciliation, generally. The Company believes RevID s automated charge reconciliation
technique is unique in the industry as it specifically interacts with desperate clinical systems identifying unbilled services. There
are products that purport to provide similar services, including nThrive s Charge Capture Audit Tool and CloudMed s ReVint
Tool set. The Company anticipates that additional competition may develop as pre-bill, daily charge reconciliation becomes a standard
within the industry. 

The eValuator product has numerous
competitors in the auditing software industry. The Company believes eValuator is unique in that it is designed and has the requisite workflow
to perform audits on a pre-bill basis. The Company believes it is an industry leader in pre-bill auditing technology. We have seen competition
on similar products that are being utilized by clients as a pre-bill auditing tool, such as PwC Smart and 3M, however, these similar products
are intended to be utilized for post-bill auditing which is a different workflow than what is necessary for pre-bill auditing. We expect
to have competition in the pre-bill technology industry. Client processes dictates that correcting errors prior to billing is more efficient
and effective than having an audit after billing. There will be larger and more sophisticated competitors than our Company. Accordingly,
using the time we have to gain market share prior to direct competition is critical to the Company s success. 

The
Compare product has little direct competition outside of manual (Microsoft excel) based reconciliations. The Company believes that few
systems exist that can accurately compare the various software systems used by hospitals. Examples of potential competitors include Vitalware,
Craneware and nThrive s Chargemaster toolkit. The Company believes Compare is unique in that it can be easily fine-tuned to work
with a wide array of hospital systems to create a bespoke offering for specific clients, easing transitions to new platforms or as an
ongoing maintenance check tool. 

8 

Regarding
our Coding and CDI Solutions, eValuator Coding Analysis Platform, and Financial Management Solutions, several companies historically
have dominated the clinical information system software market. The industry is undergoing consolidation and realignment as companies
position themselves to compete more effectively. Strategic alliances between vendors of other healthcare systems are increasing. Barriers
to entry to this market include technological and application sophistication, the ability to offer a proven product, creating and utilizing
a well-established client base and distribution channels, brand recognition, the ability to operate on a variety of operating systems
and hardware platforms, the ability to integrate with pre-existing systems and capital for sustained development and marketing activities.
The Company has many competitors including clinical information system vendors that are larger, more established and have substantially
more resources than the Company. 

Regarding
our Audit Services, there are numerous companies and independent consultants who offer these services. Barriers to entry to this market
include creating and utilizing a well-established client base and distribution channels, brand recognition, establishing differentiators
for our services and capital for sustained development and marketing activities. 

The
Company believes that these obstacles taken together represent a moderate to high-level barrier to entry. The Company believes that the
principal competitive factors in its market are client recommendations and references, company reputation, system reliability, system
features and functionality (including ease of use), technological advancements, client service and support, breadth and quality of the
systems, the potential for enhancements and future compatible products, the effectiveness of marketing and sales efforts, price, and
the size and perceived financial stability of the vendor. In addition, the Company believes that the speed with which companies in its
market can anticipate the evolving healthcare industry structure and identify unmet needs are important competitive factors. 

Additional
Intellectual Property Rights 

In
addition to the software licenses described in other sections of this Item 1, Business , the Company also holds registered
trademarks for its Streamline Health and other key trademarks used in selling its products. These marks are currently active, with
registrations being valid for a period of three years each. The Company actively renews these marks at the end of each registration period. 

Regulation 

Our
clients derive a substantial portion of their revenue from third-party private and governmental payors, including through Medicare, Medicaid
and other government-sponsored programs. Our clients also have express handling and retention obligations under information-based laws
such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. There are no material regulatory proposals of which the Company
is aware that we believe currently have a high likelihood of passage that we anticipate would have a material impact on the operation
or demand of the Company s products and services. However, the Company acknowledges there is currently great uncertainty in the
U.S. healthcare market, generally, from a regulatory perspective. In addition, there is regulatory uncertainty in the data and technology
sectors as it relates to information security regulations. Material changes could have unanticipated impact on demand or usability of
the Company s solutions, require the Company to incur additional development and/or operating costs (on a one-time or recurring
basis) or cause clients to terminate their agreements or otherwise be unable to pay amounts owed to the Company, as further discussed
in Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors herein. 

Environmental
Matters 

We
believe we are compliant in all material aspects with all applicable environmental laws. We do not anticipate that such compliance will
have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or the competitive position of our operations. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that guides and binds each of our employees, officers and directors which is available on
the Investor Relations page of our website, www.streamlinehealth.net, under the Corporate Governance tab.
We use an anonymous compliance hotline for employees and outside parties to report potential instances of noncompliance. 

9 

Available
Information 

Copies
of documents filed by the Company with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K, proxy statements and all amendments to those reports and statements, if any, can be found at the website http://investor.streamlinehealth.net
as soon as practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information contained on the Company s
website is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Report. Copies can be downloaded free of charge from the Company s
website or directly from the SEC website, https://www.sec.gov. Also, copies of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K will be
made available, free of charge, upon written request to the Company, attention: Corporate Secretary, 2400 Old Milton Pkwy, Box 1353,
Alpharetta, GA 30009. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our common stock or other securities involves a number of risks. You should carefully consider each of the risks described
below before deciding to invest in our common stock or other securities. If any of the following risks develops into actual events, our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected, the market price of our common stock or other securities
could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

Our
sales have been concentrated in a small number of clients. 

Our
revenues have been concentrated in a relatively small number of large clients, and we have historically derived a substantial percentage
of our total continuing operations revenue from a few clients. For fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, our five largest clients
accounted for 46 and 40 , respectively, of our total continuing operations revenue. If one or more clients terminate all or any portion
of a master agreement, delay installations or if we fail to procure additional agreements, there could be a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Note 9 - Major Clients to our consolidated financial statements included
in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , herein for further information regarding representation
of the Company s largest individual major clients. 

Over
the last several years, we have completed acquisitions, and may undertake additional acquisitions in the future. Any failure to adequately
integrate past and future acquisitions into our business could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Acquisitions
will require that we integrate into our existing operations separate companies that historically operated independently or as part of
another, larger organization, and had different systems, processes and cultures. Acquisitions may require integration of finance and
administrative organizations and involve exposure to different legal and regulatory regimes in jurisdictions in which we have not previously
operated. 

10 

Over
the last several years, we have completed acquisitions of businesses through asset and stock purchases. We expect that we will make additional
acquisitions in the future. 

Acquisitions
involve a number of risks, including, but not limited to: 

the
 potential failure to achieve the expected benefits of the acquisition, including the inability to generate sufficient revenue to
 offset acquisition costs, or the inability to achieve expected synergies or cost savings; 

unanticipated
 expenses related to acquired businesses or technologies and their integration into our existing businesses or technology; 

the
 diversion of financial, managerial and other resources from existing operations; 

the
 risks of entering into new markets in which we have little or no experience or where competitors may have stronger positions; 

potential
 write-offs or amortization of acquired assets or investments; 

the
 potential loss of key employees, clients or partners of an acquired business; 

delays
 in client purchases due to uncertainty related to any acquisition; 

potential
 unknown liabilities associated with an acquisition; and 

the
 tax effects of any such acquisitions. 

If
we fail to successfully integrate acquired businesses or fail to implement our business strategies with respect to acquisitions, we may
not be able to achieve projected results or support the amount of consideration paid for such acquired businesses, which could have an
adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Finally,
if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible or other debt securities, our existing stockholders may be diluted, or we
could face constraints related to the terms of and repayment obligations related to the incurrence of indebtedness. This could adversely
affect the market price of our securities. 

We
could consume resources in researching acquisitions, business opportunities or financings and capital market transactions that are not
ultimately consummated, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or invest in another business. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific acquisition or business opportunity and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of
relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments with respect to such transaction will require substantial management
time and attention and substantial costs for financial advisors, accountants, attorneys and other advisors. If a decision is made not
to consummate a specific acquisition, business opportunity or financing and capital market transaction, the costs incurred up to that
point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific
acquisition, investment target or financing, we may fail to consummate the investment or acquisition for any number of reasons, including
those beyond our control. Any such event could consume significant management time and result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred,
which could adversely affect our financial position and our ability to consummate other acquisitions and investments. 

11 

A
significant increase in new SaaS contracts could require a significant cash outlay, which could adversely affect near term cash flow. 

If new or existing clients purchase
significant amounts of our SaaS services, we may have to expend a significant amount of initial setup costs and time before those new
clients are able to begin using such services, and we cannot begin to recognize revenues from those SaaS agreements until the commencement
of such services. Accordingly, we anticipate that our near-term cash flow may be adversely affected by significant incremental setup costs
from new SaaS clients that would not be offset by revenue until new SaaS clients go into production. While we anticipate long-term growth
in profitability through increases in recurring SaaS subscription fees and significantly improved profit visibility, any inability to
adequately finance setup costs for new SaaS solutions could result in the failure to put new SaaS solutions into production and could
have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial position and results of operations. In addition, this near-term cash flow demand
could adversely impact our financial flexibility and cause us to forego otherwise attractive business opportunities or investments. 

We
may not see the anticipated market interest or growth in our software solutions. In addition, coding audit services and associated software
and technologies represent a new market for the Company, and we may not see the anticipated market interest or growth due to being a
new player in the industry. 

The
Company is currently investing in the eValuator platform as well as new software-based technologies relating to high automation and machine-based
analytics regarding a client s coding audit process. The return on this investment requires that the product developments continue
to be defined and completed in a timely and cost-effective manner, there remains general interest in the marketplace (for both existing
and future clients) for this technology, the demand for the product generates sufficient revenue in light of the development costs and
that the Company is able to execute a successful product launch for these technologies. If the Company is unable to meet these requirements
when launching these technologies, or if there is a delay in the launch process, the Company may not see an increase in revenue to offset
the current development costs or otherwise translate to added growth and revenue for the Company. 

Clients
may exercise termination rights within their contracts, which may cause uncertainty in anticipated and future revenue streams. 

The
Company generally does not allow for termination of a client s agreement except at the end of the agreed upon term or for cause.
However, certain of the Company s client contracts provide that the client may terminate the contract without cause prior to the
end of the term of the agreement by providing written notice, sometimes with relatively short notice periods. The Company also provides
trial or evaluation periods for certain clients, especially for new products and services. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that
a client will not cancel all or any portion of an agreement, even without an express early termination right, and the Company may face
additional costs or hardships collecting on amounts owed if a client terminates an agreement without such a right. Whether resulting
from termination for cause or the limited termination for convenience rights discussed above, the existence of contractual relationships
with these clients is not an assurance that we will continue to provide services for our clients through the entire term of their respective
agreements. If clients representing a significant portion of our revenue terminated their agreements unexpectedly, we may not, in the
short-term, be able to replace the revenue and income from such contracts and this would have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, client contract terminations could harm our reputation
within the industry, especially any termination for cause, which could negatively impact our ability to obtain new clients. 

12 

Changes
in healthcare regulations impacting coding, payers and other aspects of the healthcare regulatory cycle could have substantial impact
on our financial performance, growth and operating costs. 

Our
sales and profitability depend, in part, on the extent to which coverage of and reimbursement for medical care provided is available
from governmental health programs, private health insurers, managed care plans and other third-party payors. Unanticipated regulatory
changes could materially impact the need for and/or value of our solutions. For example, if governmental or other third-party payors
materially reduce reimbursement rates or fail to reimburse our clients adequately, our clients may suffer adverse financial consequences.
Changes in regulations affecting the healthcare industry, such as any increased regulation by governmental agencies of the purchase and
sale of medical products, or restrictions on permissible discounts and other financial arrangements, could also directly impact the capabilities
our solutions and services provide and the pricing arrangements we are required to offer to be competitive in the market. Similarly,
the U.S. Congress may adopt legislation that may change, override, conflict with or pre-empt the currently existing regulations and which
could restrict the ability of clients to obtain, use or disseminate patient health information and/or impact the value of the functionality
our products and services provide. 

These
situations would, in turn, reduce the demand for our solutions or services and/or the ability for a client to purchase our solutions
or services. This could have a material impact on our financial performance. In addition, the speed with which the Company can respond
to and address any such changes when compared with the response of other companies in the same market (especially companies who may accurately
anticipate the evolving healthcare industry structure and identify unmet needs) are important competitive factors. If the Company is
not able to address the modifications in a timely manner compared with our competition, that may further reduce demand for our solutions
and services. 

The
potential impact on us of new or changes in existing federal, state and local regulations governing healthcare information could be substantial. 

Healthcare
regulations issued to date have not had a material adverse effect on our business. However, we cannot predict the potential impact of
new or revised regulations that have not yet been released or made final, or any other regulations that might be adopted. The U.S. Congress
may adopt legislation that may change, override, conflict with or pre-empt the currently existing regulations and which could restrict
the ability of clients to obtain, use or disseminate patient health information. Although the features and architecture of our existing
solutions can be modified, it may be difficult to address the changing regulation of healthcare information. 

The
healthcare industry is highly regulated. Any material changes in the political, economic or regulatory healthcare environment that affect
the group purchasing business or the purchasing practices and operations of healthcare organizations, or that lead to consolidation in
the healthcare industry, could require us to modify our services or reduce the funds available to providers to purchase our solutions
and services. 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations depend upon conditions affecting the healthcare industry generally and hospitals
and health systems particularly. Our ability to grow will depend upon the economic environment of the healthcare industry, as well as
our ability to increase the number of solutions that we sell to our clients. The healthcare industry is highly regulated and is subject
to changing political, economic and regulatory influences. Factors such as changes in reimbursement policies for healthcare expenses,
consolidation in the healthcare industry, regulation, litigation and general economic conditions affect the purchasing practices, operation
and, ultimately, the operating funds of healthcare organizations. In particular, changes in regulations affecting the healthcare industry,
such as any increased regulation by governmental agencies of the purchase and sale of medical products, or restrictions on permissible
discounts and other financial arrangements, could require us to make unplanned modifications to our solutions and services, or result
in delays or cancellations of orders or reduce funds and demand for our solutions and services. 

Our
clients derive a substantial portion of their revenue from third-party private and governmental payors, including through Medicare, Medicaid
and other government-sponsored programs. Our sales and profitability depend, in part, on the extent to which coverage of and reimbursement
for medical care provided is available from governmental health programs, private health insurers, managed care plans and other third-party
payors. If governmental or other third-party payors materially reduce reimbursement rates or fail to reimburse our clients adequately,
our clients may suffer adverse financial consequences, which in turn, may reduce the demand for and ability to purchase our solutions
or services. 

13 

We
face significant competition, including from companies with significantly greater resources. 

We
currently compete with many other companies for the licensing of similar software solutions and related services. Several companies historically
have dominated the clinical information systems software market and several of these companies have either acquired, developed, or are
developing their own analytics and coding/clinical documentation improvement solutions, as well as the resultant workflow technologies.
The industry is undergoing consolidation and realignment as companies position themselves to compete more effectively. Many of these
companies are larger than us and have significantly more resources to invest in their business. In addition, information and document
management companies serving other industries may enter the market. Suppliers and companies with whom we may establish strategic alliances
also may compete with us. Such companies and vendors may either individually, or by forming alliances excluding us, place bids for large
agreements in competition with us. A decision on the part of any of these competitors to focus additional resources in any one of our
three solutions stacks (coding audit solutions, analytics and coding/clinical documentation improvement), workflow technologies and other
markets addressed by us could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The
healthcare industry is evolving rapidly, which may make it more difficult for us to be competitive in the future. 

The
U.S. healthcare system is under intense pressure to improve in many areas, including modernization, universal access and controlling
skyrocketing costs of care. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are client recommendations and references,
company reputation, system reliability, system features and functionality (including ease of use), technological advancements, client
service and support, breadth and quality of the systems, the potential for enhancements and future compatible solutions, the effectiveness
of marketing and sales efforts, price and the size and perceived financial stability of the vendor. In addition, we believe that the
speed with which companies in our market can anticipate the evolving healthcare industry structure and identify unmet needs is an important
competitive factor. If we are unable to keep pace with changing conditions and new developments, we will not be able to compete successfully
in the future against existing or potential competitors. 

Rapid
technology changes and short product life cycles could harm our business. 

The
market for our solutions and services is characterized by rapidly changing technologies, regulatory requirements, evolving industry standards
and new product introductions and enhancements that may render existing solutions obsolete or less competitive. As a result, our position
in the healthcare information technology market could change rapidly due to unforeseen changes in the features and functions of competing
products, as well as the pricing models for such products. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to enhance our existing
solutions and services and to develop and introduce new solutions and services to meet changing requirements. Moreover, competitors may
develop competitive products that could adversely affect our operating results. We need to maintain an ongoing research and development
program to continue to develop new solutions and apply new technologies to our existing solutions but may not have sufficient funds with
which to undertake such required research and development. If we are not able to foresee changes or to react in a timely manner to such
developments, we may experience a material, adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our solutions and services. 

Our
intellectual property, which represents an important asset to us, has some protection against infringement through copyright and trademark
law. We generally have little patent protection on our software. We rely upon license agreements, employment agreements, confidentiality
agreements, nondisclosure agreements and similar agreements to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information and trade
secrets. Notwithstanding these precautions, others may copy, reverse engineer or independently design technology similar to our solutions.
If we fail to protect adequately our intellectual property through trademarks and copyrights, license agreements, employment agreements,
confidentiality agreements, nondisclosure agreements or similar agreements, our intellectual property rights may be misappropriated by
others, invalidated or challenged, and our competitors could duplicate our technology or may otherwise limit any competitive technology
advantage we may have. It may be necessary to litigate to enforce or defend our proprietary technology or to determine the validity of
the intellectual property rights of others. Any litigation, successful or unsuccessful, may result in substantial cost and require significant
attention by management and technical personnel. 

14 

Due
to the rapid pace of technological change, we believe our future success is likely to depend upon continued innovation, technical expertise,
marketing skills and client support and services rather than on legal protection of our intellectual property rights. However, we have
aggressively asserted our intellectual property rights when necessary and intend to do so in the future. 

We
could be subjected to claims of intellectual property infringement that could be expensive to defend. 

While
we do not believe that our solutions and services infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties, the potential for
intellectual property infringement claims continually increases as the number of software patents and copyrighted and trademarked materials
continues to rapidly expand. Any claim for intellectual property right infringement, even if not meritorious, could be expensive to defend.
If we were held liable for infringing third party intellectual property rights, we could incur substantial damage awards, and potentially
be required to cease using the technology, produce non-infringing technology or obtain a license to use such technology. Such potential
liabilities or increased costs could be material to us. 

If
we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may fail to prevent or detect material misstatements
in our financial statements, in which case investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial statements. 

In
connection with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for each of our fiscal years, our management conducts a review
of our internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures. Any
failure to maintain adequate controls or to adequately implement required new or improved controls could harm operating results, or cause
failure to meet reporting obligations in a timely and accurate manner. 

Third
party products are essential to our software. 

Our
software incorporates software licensed from various vendors into our proprietary software. In addition, third-party, stand-alone software
is required to operate some of our proprietary software modules. The loss of the ability to use these third-party products, or ability
to obtain substitute third-party software at comparable prices, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to license our software. 

Our
solutions may not be error-free and could result in claims of breach of contract and liabilities. 

Our
solutions are very complex and may not be error-free, especially when first released. Although we perform extensive testing, failure
of any solution to operate in accordance with its specifications and documentation could constitute a breach of the license agreement
and require us to correct the deficiency. If such deficiency is not corrected within the agreed-upon contractual limitations on liability
and cannot be corrected in a timely manner, it could constitute a material breach of a contract allowing the termination thereof and
possibly subjecting us to liability. Also, we sometimes indemnify our clients against third-party infringement claims. If such claims
are made, even if they are without merit, they could be expensive to defend. Our license and SaaS agreements generally limit our liability
arising from these types of claims, but such limits may not be enforceable in some jurisdictions or under some circumstances. A significant
uninsured or under-insured judgment against us could have a material adverse impact on us. 

We
could be liable to third parties from the use of our solutions. 

Our
solutions provide access to patient information used by physicians and other medical personnel in providing medical care. The medical
care provided by physicians and other medical personnel are subject to numerous medical malpractice and other claims. We attempt to limit
any potential liability of ours to clients by limiting the warranties on our solutions in our agreements with our clients (i.e., healthcare
providers). However, such agreements do not protect us from third-party claims by patients who may seek damages from any or all persons
or entities connected to the process of delivering patient care. We maintain insurance, which provides limited protection from such claims,
if such claims result in liability to us. Although no such claims have been brought against us to date regarding injuries related to
the use of our solutions, such claims may be made in the future. A significant uninsured or under-insured judgment against us could have
a material adverse impact on us. 

15 

Our
SaaS and support services could experience interruptions. 

We
provide SaaS for many clients, including the storage of critical patient, financial and administrative data. In addition, we provide
support services to clients through our client support organization. We have redundancies, such as backup generators, redundant telecommunications
lines and backup facilities built into our operations to prevent disruptions. However, complete failure of all generators, impairment
of all telecommunications lines or severe casualty damage to the primary building or equipment inside the primary building housing our
hosting center or client support facilities could cause a temporary disruption in operations and adversely affect clients who depend
on the application hosting services. Any interruption in operations at our data center or client support facility could cause us to lose
existing clients, impede our ability to obtain new clients, result in revenue loss, cause potential liability to our clients, and increase
our operating costs. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of computer system failures, cyber-attacks or a deficiency in our cybersecurity. Our
SaaS solutions are provided over an internet connection and any breach of security or confidentiality of protected health information
could expose us to significant expense and harm our reputation. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to
damage from a variety of causes, including computer viruses, malware, intentional or accidental mistakes or errors by users with authorized
access to our computer systems, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions
over the Internet, or attachments to emails. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber
intrusions, including by computer hackers, non-U.S. governments, extra-state actors and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as
the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. 

We
provide remote SaaS solutions for clients, including the storage of critical patient, financial and administrative data. We have security
measures in place to prevent or detect misappropriation of protected health information. We must maintain facility and systems security
measures to preserve the confidentiality of data belonging to clients, as well as their patients, that resides on computer equipment
in our data center, which we handle via application hosting services, or that is otherwise in our possession. Notwithstanding efforts
undertaken to protect data, it can be vulnerable to infiltration as well as unintentional lapse. If any disruption or security breach
was to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information,
we could face claims for contract breach, penalties and other liabilities for violation of applicable laws or regulations, significant
costs for remediation and re-engineering to prevent future occurrences and serious harm to our reputation. 

In
the current environment, there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, hacktivists,
state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, employee malfeasance and human or technological error. High-profile security breaches
at other companies and in government agencies have increased in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials
have warned about the risks of hackers and cyber-attacks targeting businesses such as ours. Computer hackers and others routinely attempt
to breach the security of technology products, services and systems, and to fraudulently induce employees, clients, or others to disclose
information or unwittingly provide access to systems or data. We can provide no assurance that our current IT systems, software, or third-party
services, or any updates or upgrades thereto will be fully protected against third-party intrusions, viruses, hacker attacks, information
or data theft or other similar threats. 

Legislative
or regulatory action in these areas is also evolving, and we may be unable to adapt our IT systems to accommodate these changes. We have
experienced and expect to continue to experience sophisticated attempted cyber-attacks of our IT networks. Although none of these attempted
cyber-attacks has had a material adverse impact on our operations or financial condition, we cannot guarantee that any such incidents
will not have such an impact in the future. 

The
loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business. 

Our
success depends, to a significant degree, on our management, sales force and technical personnel. We must recruit, motivate and retain
highly skilled managers, sales, consulting and technical personnel, including solution programmers, database specialists, consultants
and system architects who have the requisite expertise in the technical environments in which our solutions operate. Competition for
such technical expertise is intense. Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on us. 

16 

Our
future success depends upon our ability to grow, and if we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may incur unexpected expenses
and be unable to meet our clients requirements. 

We
will need to expand our operations if we successfully achieve greater demand for our products and services. We cannot be certain that
our systems, procedures, controls and human resources will be adequate to support expansion of our operations. Our future operating results
will depend on the ability of our officers and employees to manage changing business conditions and to implement and improve our technical,
administrative, financial control and reporting systems. We may not be able to expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate
these increases. Difficulties in managing any future growth, including as a result of integrating any prior or future acquisition with
our existing businesses, could cause us to incur unexpected expenses or render us unable to meet our clients requirements, and
consequently have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
may not have access to sufficient or cost-efficient capital to support our growth, execute our business plans and remain competitive
in our markets. 

As
our operations grow and as we implement our business strategies, we expect to use both internal and external sources of capital. In addition
to cash flow from normal operations, we may need additional capital in the form of debt or equity to operate and support our growth,
execute our business plans and remain competitive in our markets. We may have no or limited availability to such external capital, in
which case our future prospects may be materially impaired. Furthermore, we may not be able to access external sources of capital on
reasonable or favorable terms. Our business operations could be subject to both financial and operational covenants that may limit the
activities we may undertake, even if we believe they would benefit the Company. 

Unstable
market and economic conditions and potential disruptions in the credit markets may adversely affect our business, including the availability
and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements and our ability to meet long-term commitments, which could adversely affect our
results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

If
internally generated funds are not available from operations, we may be required to rely on the banking and credit markets to meet our
financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. Our access to funds under our revolving credit facility or pursuant to arrangements
with other financial institutions is dependent on the financial institution s ability to meet funding commitments. Financial institutions
may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience high volumes
of borrowing requests from other borrowers within a short period of time. 

In
addition, the global credit and financial markets have recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished
liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, inflationary pressure and interest rate
changes and uncertainty about economic stability. More recently, the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank and their placement
into receivership with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity
risk and concerns. Although the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC jointly released a statement that depositors
at Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank would have access to their funds, even those in excess of the standard FDIC insurance limits,
under a systemic risk exception, future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader financial
services industry may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages, impair the ability of companies to access near-term working capital needs,
and create additional market and economic uncertainty. There can be no assurance that future credit and financial market instability
and a deterioration in confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any
such economic downturn, liquidity shortages, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions.
If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, or if adverse developments are experienced by financial institutions, it may cause short-term
liquidity risk and also make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure
any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial
performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one
or more of our current service providers, financial institutions, manufacturers and other partners may be adversely affected by the foregoing
risks, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 

17 

We
must maintain compliance with the terms of our existing credit facilities or receive a waiver for any non-compliance. The failure to
maintain compliance could have a material adverse effect on our ability to finance our ongoing operations and we may not be able to find
an alternative lending source if a default occurs. 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company executed a Second Modification to the Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement (the Second Modification
Debt Agreement ). The Second Modification Debt Agreement includes an expansion of the Company s total borrowing to include
a 2,000,000 revolving line of credit. The revolving line of credit will be co-terminus with the term loan and matures on August 26,
2026. There are no requirements to draw on the line of credit. Amounts outstanding under the line of credit portion of the Second Amended
and Restated Loan Agreement bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Prime Rate (as published in The Wall Street Journal) plus
1.5 , with a Prime floor rate of 3.25 . The Second Modification Debt Agreement amended the covenants of the Second Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement. Refer to Note 5 Debt for information regarding the second Modification Debt Agreement.
At January 31, 2023, there was no outstanding balance on the revolving line of credit. 

On
August 26, 2021, the Company and its subsidiaries entered into the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement with Bridge
Bank. Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, Bridge Bank agreed to provide the Company and its subsidiaries
with a new term loan facility in the maximum principal amount of 10,000,000. Amounts outstanding under the term loan of the Second Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Prime Rate (as published in The Wall Street Journal)
plus 1.5 , with a Prime floor rate of 3.25 . Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, the
Company discontinued the existing 3,000,000 revolving credit facility with Bridge Bank. At the time of the discontinuance, there was
no outstanding balance on the revolving credit facility. 

The
Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement has a five-year term, and the maximum principal amount was advanced in a single-cash
advance on or about the closing date. Interest accrued under the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement is due monthly,
and the Company shall make monthly interest-only payments through the one-year anniversary of the closing date. From the first anniversary
of the closing date through the maturity date, the Company shall make monthly payments of principal and interest that increase over the
term of the agreement. The Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement requires principal repayments of 500,000 in the second
year, 1,000,000 in the third year, 2,000,000 in the fourth year, and 3,000,000 in the fifth year, respectively, with the remaining
outstanding principal balance and all accrued but unpaid interest due in full on the maturity date. The Second Amended and Restated Loan
and Security Agreement may also require early repayments if certain conditions are met. The Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security
Agreement is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company, its subsidiaries, and certain of its affiliates. 

If
we do not maintain compliance with all of the continuing covenants and other terms and conditions of our existing credit facilities or
secure a waiver for any non-compliance, we could be required to repay outstanding borrowings on an accelerated basis, which could subject
us to decreased liquidity and other negative impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, if
we needed to do so, it may be difficult for us to find an alternative lending source. In addition, because our assets are pledged as
a security under our credit facilities, if we are not able to cure any default or repay outstanding borrowings, our assets are subject
to the risk of foreclosure by our lenders. Without a sufficient credit facility, we would be adversely affected by a lack of access to
liquidity needed to operate our business. Any disruption in access to credit could force us to take measures to conserve cash, such as
deferring important research and development expenses, which measures could have a material adverse effect on us. 

18 

Economic
conditions in the U.S. and globally may have significant effects on our clients and suppliers that could result in material adverse effects
on our business, operating results and stock price. 

Economic
conditions in the U.S. and globally could deteriorate and cause the worldwide economy to enter into a stagnant period that could materially
adversely affect our clients access to capital or willingness to spend capital on our solutions and services or their levels of
cash liquidity with which to pay for solutions that they will order or have already ordered from us. In addition, the ongoing conflict
between Russia and Ukraine could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets and industries that could negatively
impact our operations. The U.S. government, and other governments in jurisdictions in which we operate, have imposed severe sanctions
and export controls against Russia and Russian interests and threatened additional sanctions and controls. The impact of these measures,
as well as potential responses to them by Russia, is currently unknown and they could adversely affect our business, partners or clients.
Challenging economic conditions also would likely negatively impact our business, which could result in: (1) reduced demand for our solutions
and services; (2) increased price competition for our solutions and services; (3) increased risk of collectability of cash from our clients;
(4) increased risk in potential reserves for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable; (5) reduced revenues; and (6) higher
operating costs as a percentage of revenues. 

All
of the foregoing potential consequences of a deterioration of economic conditions are difficult to forecast and mitigate. As a consequence,
our operating results for a particular period are difficult to predict, and, therefore, prior results are not necessarily indicative
of future results. Any of the foregoing effects could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and other securities. 

The
variability of our quarterly operating results can be significant. 

Our
operating results have fluctuated from quarter-to-quarter in the past, and we may experience continued fluctuations in the future. Future
revenues and operating results may vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside
of our control. These factors include: the relatively large size of client agreements; unpredictability in the number and timing of software
licenses and sales of application hosting services; length of the sales cycle; delays in installations; changes in clients financial
conditions or budgets; increased competition; the development and introduction of new products and services; the loss of significant
clients or remarketing partners; changes in government regulations, particularly as they relate to the healthcare industry; the size
and growth of the overall healthcare information technology markets; any liability and other claims that may be asserted against us;
our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; national and local general economic and market conditions; and other factors discussed
in this Report and our other filings with the SEC. 

19 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and resulting adverse economic conditions has had and will likely continue to have an adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial conditio n. 

The COVID-19 pandemic, and
its attendant economic damage, has had an adverse impact on our revenue and may continue to adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition. These and other potential impacts of COVID-19 could therefore continue to materially and adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may experience
adverse impacts to our business as a result of any economic recession or depression that has occurred or may occur in the future. For
instance, changes in the behavior of customers, businesses and their employees as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including social
distancing practices, even after formal restrictions have been lifted, are unknown. Furthermore, the financial condition of our customers
and vendors may be adversely impacted, which may result in a decrease in the demand for our products, the inability and our franchisees 
ability to operate store locations or a disruption to our supply chain. Any of these events may, in turn, have a material adverse impact
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
preparation of our financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results. 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. One of our most critical estimates is the capitalization of software
development costs. Due to the inherent nature of these estimates, we may be required to significantly increase or decrease such estimates
upon determination of the actual results. Any required adjustments could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations. 

Failure
to improve and maintain the quality of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures or other lapses
in compliance could materially and adversely affect our ability to provide timely and accurate financial information about us or subject
us to potential liability. 

In
connection with the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for each of our fiscal years, our management conducts a review
of our internal control over financial reporting. We are also required to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures. Any
failure to maintain adequate controls or to adequately implement required new or improved controls could harm operating results, or cause
failure to meet reporting obligations in a timely and accurate manner. 

20 

Risks
Relating to our Common Stock 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile as the stock market in general can be highly volatile. 

The
public trading of our common stock is based on many factors that could cause fluctuation in the price of our common stock. These factors
may include, but are not limited to: 

General
 economic and market conditions; 

Actual
 or anticipated variations in annual or quarterly operating results; 

Lack
 of or negative research coverage by securities analysts; 

Conditions
 or trends in the healthcare information technology industry; 

Changes
 in the market valuations of other companies in our industry; 

Announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, divestitures, joint ventures or other strategic initiatives; 

Announced
 or anticipated capital commitments; 

Ability
 to maintain listing of our common stock on Nasdaq; 

Additions
 or departures of key personnel; and 

Sales
 and repurchases of our common stock by us, our officers and directors or our significant stockholders, if any. 

Most
of these factors are beyond our control. Further, as a result of our relatively small public float, our common stock may be less liquid,
and the trading price for our common stock may be more affected by relatively small volumes of trading than is the case for the common
stock of companies with a broader public ownership. These factors may cause the market price of our common stock to decline, regardless
of our operating performance or financial condition. 

If
equity research analysts do not publish research reports about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our
common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock may rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about our business
and us. We do not control the opinions of these analysts. The price of our stock could decline if one or more equity analysts downgrade
our stock or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about our business or us. Furthermore,
if no equity research analysts conduct research or publish reports about our business and us, the market price of our common stock could
decline. 

All
of our debt obligations and any preferred stock that we may issue in the future will have priority over our common stock with respect
to payment in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

In
any bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, our shares of common stock would rank in right of payment or distribution
below all debt claims against us and all of our outstanding shares of preferred stock, if any. As a result, holders of our shares of
common stock will not be entitled to receive any payment or other distribution of assets in the event of a bankruptcy or upon a liquidation
or dissolution until after all of our obligations to our debt holders and holders of preferred stock have been satisfied. Accordingly,
holders of our common stock may lose their entire investment in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, dissolution or winding up of
the Company. Similarly, holders of our preferred stock would rank junior to our debt holders and creditors in the event of a bankruptcy,
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 

21 

There
may be future sales or other dilution of our equity, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

We
are generally not restricted from issuing in public or private offerings additional shares of common stock or preferred stock, and other
securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent a right to receive, common stock or preferred stock or any
substantially similar securities. Such offerings represent the potential for a significant increase in the number of outstanding shares
of our common stock. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of common stock, preferred stock or similar
securities in the market made after an offering or the perception that such sales could occur. 

The
issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect holders of shares of our common stock, which may negatively impact your investment. 

Our
Board of Directors is authorized to issue classes or series of preferred stock without any action on the part of the stockholders. The
Board of Directors also has the power, without stockholder approval, to set the terms of any such classes or series of preferred stock
that may be issued, including rights and preferences over the shares of common stock with respect to dividends or upon our dissolution,
winding-up or liquidation, and other terms. If we issue preferred stock in the future that has a preference over the shares of our common
stock with respect to the payment of dividends or upon our dissolution, winding up or liquidation, or if we issue preferred stock with
voting rights that dilute the voting power of the shares of our common stock, the rights of the holders of shares of our common stock
or the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. 

As
of January 31, 2023, we had no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

We
do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will
depend solely on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not currently intend to do so for the foreseeable future. We
currently intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Therefore, you are not likely to receive any dividends on
your common stock for the foreseeable future and the success of an investment in shares of our common stock will depend upon any future
appreciation in its value. The trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Sales
of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock in the public market may cause the market price of our
common stock to fall. 

The
issuance of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into our common stock in an offering from time to time could have the
effect of depressing the market price for shares of our common stock. In addition, because our common stock is thinly traded, resales
of shares of our common stock by our largest stockholders or insiders could have the effect of depressing market prices for our common
stock. 

If
we are unable to maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing requirements, our stock could be delisted, and the trading price, volume and
marketability of our stock could be adversely affected. 

Our
common stock is listed on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with Nasdaq s current listing
standards, or that Nasdaq will not implement additional listing standards with which we will be unable to comply. Failure to maintain
compliance with Nasdaq listing requirements could result in the delisting of our shares from Nasdaq, which could have a material adverse
effect on the trading price, volume and marketability of our common stock. Furthermore, a delisting could adversely affect our ability
to issue additional securities and obtain additional financing in the future or result in a loss of confidence by investors or employees. 

22 

Note
Regarding Risk Factors 

The
risk factors presented above are all of the ones that we currently consider material. However, they are not the only ones facing the
Company. Additional risks not presently known to us, or which we currently consider immaterial, may also adversely affect us. There may
be risks that a particular investor views differently from us, and our analysis might be wrong. If any of the risks that we face actually
occur, our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected and could differ materially from
any possible results suggested by any forward-looking statements that we have made or might make. In such case, the market price of our
common stock or other securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. We expressly disclaim any obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required
by law. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

In
March 2020, the Company moved its principal offices to a subleased office space at 11800 Amber Park Drive, Suite 125, Alpharetta, Georgia
30009. The office space totals 7,409 square feet and the sublease expired on March 31, 2023. In October 2021, we subleased this space
to a third party for the remaining lease period. 

On
August 16, 2021, contemporaneous with the acquisition of Avelead, the Company assumed a lease of office space at 1172 Satellite Boulevard
NW, Office Suite 100, Suwannee, Georgia 30024. The lease expired on February 28, 2022. The lease was renewed in February 2022 for one
year on substantially the same terms. The tenant of the lease is an entity controlled by the former owner of Avelead and current Chief
Strategy Officer of the Company. The lease expired on February 28, 2023 and was not renewed. 

Prior
to occupying the subleased office space located in Alpharetta, Georgia, the Company occupied shared office space under a membership agreement
which provides for membership fees based on the number of contracted seats. 

The
Company has moved to a virtual office model and does not have a physical office space. Our mailing address is 2400 Old Milton Pkwy, Box
1353, Alpharetta, GA 30009. We believe the virtual environment is adequate for the Company s current and planned future operations.
Suitable alternative space is available to accommodate expansion of the Company s operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are, from time to time, a party to various legal proceedings and claims, which arise in the ordinary course of business. We are not aware
of any legal matters that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash
flows. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

23 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
Company s common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol STRM. 

According to the
Company s stock transfer agent s records, the Company had 75 stockholders of record as of April 20, 2023. Because
brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders hold many of such shares, the Company is unable to determine with complete
accuracy the current total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. The Company estimates that it has
approximately 300 stockholders, based on information provided by the Company s stock transfer agent. 

The
Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock and does not currently intend to do so for the foreseeable
future. The Company currently intends to invest its future earnings, if any, to fund its growth. 

For
the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, we issued an aggregate of 371,231 shares of common stock to 180 Consulting (as defined below)
as compensation for services provided pursuant to the Master Services Agreement, effective March 19, 2020, by and between the Company
and 180 Consulting and related statements of work. The shares were issued in a series of private placements in reliance on the exemption
from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, including Regulation D promulgated thereunder and the certificates
representing such shares have a legend imprinted on them stating that the shares have not been registered under the Securities Act and
cannot be transferred until properly registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from such registration. 

180
Consulting has earned, cumulatively, through the Master Services Agreement, 915,204 shares of common stock through January 31, 2023.
100,927 shares of common stock were earned but not issued as of the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. In June 2022, the
Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 to register 272,653 shares of stock that were previously issued to 180 Consulting
pursuant to Rule 416 of the Securities Act of 1933. See Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements
included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to our repurchases of common stock during the three months ended January 31, 2023: 

Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
 Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased under the Plans or Programs 
 
 November 1 - November 30 

December 1 - December 31 
 17,256 
 1.81 

January 1 - January 31 

Total 
 17,256 
 1.81 

(1)
 
 Amount
 represents shares surrendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations resulting from restricted stock that vested during
 the three months ended January 31, 2023. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

24 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Executive
Overview 

The
Company has determined it can best assist healthcare providers in improving their revenue cycle management by providing solutions and
services in the middle portion of the revenue cycle, that is, the revenue cycle operations from initial charge capture to bill drop.
We continue to make decisions supporting our focus in the middle of the revenue cycle. Our healthcare provider clients are acute-care
hospitals and related clinics. 

The
Company has introduced two flagship software solutions for the middle of the revenue cycle: RevID and eValuator. 

With
the focus on the middle of the revenue cycle, the Company is committed to leading an industry movement to improve hospitals financial
performance by moving billing interventions upstream to improve coding accuracy before billing, enabling our clients to reduce revenue
leakage, mitigate under-billing and over-billing risk, reduce both denials and limit days in accounts receivable. 

By
narrowing our focus to the middle of the revenue cycle, we believe there is a distinct and compelling value proposition that can help
us attract more clients. By innovating and acquiring new technologies, we have been able to expand our target markets beyond just hospitals
and into outpatient centers, clinics and physician practices. Our revenue cycle solutions like eValuator, RevID, and Compare are competitive
in the market and enabled us to engage thirteen significant new clients in fiscal 2022. These new clients are some of the most recognizable
names in healthcare as we have focused our salesforce on industry-leading clients whose processes are often duplicated by smaller facilities. 

Acquisitions
and Divestitures: 

The
Company divested its ECM Assets on February 24, 2020. As discussed above, such divestiture is consistent with the Company s efforts
to focus on the middle of the revenue cycle and its pre-bill technology, eValuator. Management believes that the revenue cycle technology
platforms have higher growth opportunities than its legacy products, including the ECM Assets. The Company accounted for the disposal
of the ECM Assets as a sale of assets. See Note 13 Discontinued Operations to our consolidated financial statements included
in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

On
August 16, 2021, the Company completed an acquisition of Avelead, a recognized leader in providing solutions and services to improve
revenue integrity for healthcare providers nationwide. The Company believes Avelead s solutions will complement and extend the
value the Company can deliver to its clients. Refer to Note 3 Business Combination and Divestiture in our consolidated financial
statements included in Part I, Item I, Financial Statements for further information on the Avelead acquisition. 

Macro-Economic
Conditions: 

Regardless
of the state of the Affordable Care Act, the healthcare industry continues to face sweeping changes and new standards of care that are
putting greater pressure on healthcare providers to be more efficient in every aspect of their operations. We believe these changes represent
ongoing opportunities for our Company to work with our direct clients and various resellers to provide information technology solutions
to help providers meet these new requirements. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic, and its attendant economic damage, has had an adverse impact on our revenue. 

The Company believes the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may
continue to impact our acute care healthcare clients including (i) lower margins in hospitals primarily due to increased cost of personnel
and materials, (ii) higher than normal personnel turnover in clinical and administrative departments as the labor force looks outside
the acute care healthcare space, and (iii) a backlog of IT projects that were deferred during COVID-19 that places pressure on the hospital
system to manage new projects. As events continue to change, the Company is unable to accurately predict the ultimate impact that the
COVID-19 pandemic will have on the results of operations due to uncertainties including, but not limited to, the severity of the disease,
the impact of new subvariants and the public s response to the outbreak; however, the Company is actively managing the business
to respond to the impact. 

25 

In
addition, the U.S. government, and other governments in jurisdictions in which we operate, have imposed severe sanctions and export controls
against Russia and Russian interests and threatened additional sanctions and controls. The impact of these measures, as well as potential
responses to them by Russia, is currently unknown and they could adversely affect our business, partners or clients. 

Results
of Operations 

Statements
of Operations for the fiscal years ended January 31 (in thousands): 

2023 
 2022 (2) 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Software as a Service 
 12,326 
 8,077 
 4,249 
 53 
 
 Maintenance and Support 
 4,483 
 4,323 
 160 
 4 
 
 Professional fees and licenses 
 8,080 
 4,979 
 3,101 
 62 
 
 Total revenues 
 24,889 
 17,379 
 7,510 
 43 
 
 Cost of sales 
 13,395 
 8,577 
 4,818 
 56 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 16,134 
 11,931 
 4,203 
 35 
 
 Research and development 
 6,042 
 4,782 
 1,260 
 26 
 
 Acquisition-related costs 
 149 
 2,856 
 (2,707 
 (95 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 35,720 
 28,146 
 7,574 
 27 
 
 Operating loss 
 (10,831 
 (10,767 
 (64 
 (1 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 (477 
 3,959 
 (4,436 
 (112 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (71 
 (109 
 38 
 (35 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (11,379 
 (6,917 
 (4,462 
 (65 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA(1) 
 (3,757 
 (2,037 
 (1,720 
 (84 

(1) 
 Non-GAAP
 measure meaning net earnings (loss) before net interest expense, tax expense (benefit), depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation
 expense, transactional and other expenses that do not relate to our core operations. See Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 below for additional information and reconciliation. 

(2) 
 We
 acquired all of the equity interests of Avelead on August 16, 2021. All of the revenue and expenses associated with Avelead are included
 from that date to the end of the Company s fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 

26 

The
following table sets forth, for each fiscal year indicated, certain operating data as percentages of total revenues: 

Statements
of Operations (1) 

Fiscal Year 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Software as a service 
 49.5 
 46.5 
 
 Maintenance and support 
 18.0 
 24.9 
 
 Professional fees and licenses 
 32.5 
 28.6 
 
 Total revenues 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of sales 
 53.8 
 49.4 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 64.8 
 68.7 
 
 Research and development 
 24.3 
 27.5 
 
 Acquisition-related costs 
 0.6 
 16.4 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 143.5 
 162.0 
 
 Operating loss 
 (43.5 
 (62.0 
 
 Other (expense) income, net 
 (1.9 
 22.8 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (0.3 
 (0.6 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (45.7 
 (39.8 

Cost of Sales to Revenues ratio, by revenue stream: 

Software as a service 
 51.6 
 42.3 
 
 Maintenance and support 
 9.5 
 7.7 
 
 Professional fees and licenses 
 81.8 
 96.9 

(1) 
 Because
 a significant percentage of the operating costs are incurred at levels that are not necessarily correlated with revenue levels, a
 variation in the timing of software licenses and installations and the resulting revenue recognition can cause significant variations
 in operating results. As a result, period-to-period comparisons may not be meaningful with respect to the past results nor are they
 necessarily indicative of the future results of the Company in the near or long-term. The data in the table is presented solely for
 the purpose of reflecting the relationship of various operating elements to revenues for the periods indicated. 

Comparison
of Fiscal 2022 with 2021 

Revenues 

Fiscal Year 
 2022 to 2021 Change 
 
 (in thousands): 
 2022 
 2021 

Software as a service 
 12,326 
 8,077 
 4,249 
 53 
 
 Maintenance and support 
 4,483 
 4,323 
 160 
 4 
 
 Professional fees and licenses 
 8,080 
 4,979 
 3,101 
 62 
 
 Total Revenues 
 24,889 
 17,379 
 7,510 
 43 

Software as a service (SaaS) Revenues from SaaS are primarily comprised
of the Company s flagship products; eValuator, RevID and Compare. Revenues from SaaS in fiscal 2022 were 12,326,000, as compared
to 8,077,000 in fiscal 2021. The increase in SaaS revenue in fiscal 2022 includes
 3,441,000 from Avelead products, primarily due to a full twelve months
of revenue recognition compared to partial year revenue in fiscal 2021. Avelead was acquired on August 16, 2021, resulting in a
partial year of revenue in fiscal 2021 and a full year of revenue in fiscal 2022. The remaining increase in fiscal 2022 revenue was attributable
to growth associated with the Company s eValuator product. The Company expects substantial growth in its SaaS business, year-over-year,
and sequentially, in each quarter of fiscal 2023. At January 31, 2023, the Company had approximately 5.40 million, in SaaS annual contract
value for contracts that had not been implemented. 

27 

Maintenance
and support Revenues from maintenance and support are derived from our legacy CDI and Abstracting products. Revenues
from maintenance and support in fiscal 2022 remained consistent as compared to fiscal 2021. The Company expects a slight decrease for
the maintenance and support revenue for fiscal 2023 from pricing pressure and terminations offset with minimal new sales as the Company s
focus continues to be on its SaaS products. 

Professional
fees and licenses Revenues from professional fees and licenses include proprietary software, term license, professional
services and audit and coding services revenues. Total professional fees and licenses revenues in fiscal 2022 were 8,080,000 compared
to 4,979,000 in fiscal 2021 for a total increase of 3,101,000. 

Software license revenues recognized
in fiscal 2022 were 663,000, as compared to 582,000 in fiscal 2021. The software license sales
come primarily from our channel partners. The Company has the ability to influence sales of these products; however, the timing is difficult
to manage as sales are essentially the result of these channel partners. Term license revenue for fiscal 2022 increased 81,000 from
fiscal 2021, to 556,000 as one client s multi-year term license renewed during fiscal 2022. Professional services revenues in fiscal
2022 were 4,319,000 as compared to 2,026,000 in fiscal 2021. The increase in professional services
included 1,855,000 from professional service contracts from Avelead. Avelead was acquired on August 16, 2021, resulting in a partial
year of results for fiscal 2021 as compared to a full year of results for fiscal 2022. We anticipate a decrease in professional services
revenue in fiscal 2023 as a result of the termination of a large client s consulting contract effective January 31, 2023. The large
client contract that cancelled accounted for nearly 2,900,000 of revenue in fiscal 2022. The large client professional services contract
had low margins compared to our SaaS solutions and the Company does not intend to pursue such professional services contracts in the future. 

Audit
and coding services revenues recognized in fiscal 2022 were 2,542,000, as compared to 1,896,000 in fiscal 2021. Looking ahead to fiscal
2023, the Company continues to see demand for on-shore, technically proficient coders and auditors in the marketplace. The Company believes
it has a competitive advantage utilizing eValuator for these audit and coding services. The Company expects the audit and coding services
business to remain stable during fiscal 2023 as it may be sold with our eValuator solution as a technology enabled service. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Fiscal Year 
 2022 to 2021 Change 
 
 (in thousands): 
 2022 
 2021 

Cost of software as a service 
 6,358 
 3,417 
 2,941 
 86 
 
 Cost of maintenance and support 
 427 
 334 
 93 
 28 
 
 Cost of professional fees and licenses 
 6,610 
 4,826 
 1,784 
 37 
 
 Total cost of sales 
 13,395 
 8,577 
 4,818 
 56 

Cost of software as a service
(SaaS) - The cost of SaaS solutions consists of costs associated with (i) amortization of capitalized software, (ii) royalties
payable to third-parties for use of their coding related content, and (iii) personnel and network related expenses to provision the application
for each client. The increase in cost of SaaS included 2,149,000 related to Avelead. Avelead was acquired on August 16, 2021 resulting
in a partial year of results in fiscal 2021 compared to a full year of results in fiscal 2022 .
The royalty and network related agreements are becoming variable as the cost is derived by attributes of the client s accessing
the system. The remaining year-over-year increase was driven by personnel expenses. The Company continued to invest in additional personnel
to support SaaS solutions as the client base has been expanding. The Company expects the costs in these categories will continue to rise,
in line with revenue, in fiscal 2023 as the Company continues to invest in RevID, Compare and eValuator. 

Certain
costs in SaaS solutions are tied to volumes. These costs include coding tools supporting eValuator and a third-party system that is intended
to help move data from the hospital system to our systems. Included in the cost of SaaS solutions are non-cash amounts of 2,068,000,
including the amortization of capitalized software, which impacts margin by 17 . Current margins are lower than we expect in the future
for SaaS solutions as we are implementing several new clients. Certain costs, such as labor and third-party content providers, negatively
impact gross margin before a client is fully implemented and revenue is recognized. 

28 

Cost of maintenance and
support The cost of maintenance and support includes compensation and benefits for client support personnel. The cost
of maintenance in fiscal 2022, compared to fiscal 2021, remained flat and in line with the change in maintenance and support revenue.
 We expect to see the cost of maintenance and support for fiscal 2023 to remain relatively
consistent as our maintenance and support teams focus on serving
our SaaS solutions. 

Cost
of professional fees and licenses Cost of revenue, professional fees and licenses, includes cost of software licenses,
cost of professional services and cost of audit and coding services. The total cost of sales, professional fees and licenses was 6,610,000
and 4,826,000 for fiscal year 2022 and fiscal year 2021 respectively. The increase in cost of professional fees and licenses includes
 1,611,000 from legacy Avelead professional services, primarily due to a full twelve months
of expenses compared to a partial year of expenses in fiscal 2021. Avelead was acquired on August 16, 2021, resulting in a partial
year of re sults for fiscal 2021 as compared to a full year of results in fiscal 2022. The
implied gross margin on professional fees and licenses revenue increased in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 primarily
due to (i) higher revenue from software licenses and (ii) improved margin on a large professional services contract as we lowered the
cost of personnel used on the project. The large professional services contract that was cancelled by the client, with a cancellation
effective date of January 31, 2023, was staffed by employees and contract labor. The employees and contract labor servicing the large
contract were terminated consistent with the end of the revenue. There are no operating losses expected to wind down the labor associated
with this contract. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expense 

Fiscal Year 
 2022 to 2021 Change 
 
 (in thousands): 
 2022 
 2021 

General and administrative expenses 
 10,569 
 7,896 
 2,673 
 34 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 5,565 
 4,035 
 1,530 
 38 
 
 Total selling, general, and administrative expense 
 16,134 
 11,931 
 4,203 
 35 

General and administrative expenses
consist primarily of compensation and related benefits, reimbursable travel and entertainment expenses related to our executive and administrative
staff, general corporate expenses, amortization of intangible assets, and occupancy costs. Avelead was acquired on August 16, 2021, resulting
in a partial year of operations for fiscal 2021 as compared to a full year of operations for fiscal 2022, comprising 1,187,000 of the
increase in general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2022. For fiscal 2022, increases of 1,206,000 were also driven by employee
related expenses, primarily by salaries, and with increases for performance bonuses and severance expense, accounting for 145,000 and
 305,000, respectively. All is considered part of the Company s strategic plan to simplify the Company s business in order
to drive sustainable growth and improved profitability and cash flows. The Company previously announced an alignment bringing
the Avelead business together with its eValuator business. The resulting severance expense is included in each of general and administrative
expenses and sales and marketing expense. 

Sales and marketing expenses
consist primarily of compensation and related benefits and travel and entertainment expenses related to our sales and marketing staff,
as well as advertising and marketing expenses, including trade shows. For fiscal 2022, Avelead comprised 1,101,000 of the increase in
sales and marketing expenses as compared to fiscal 2021, as Avelead was acquired on August 16, 2021, resulting in a partial year of operations
for fiscal 2021 as compared to a full year of operations for fiscal 2022. The Company has also seen an increase in travel to client sites,
as well as industry trade shows, resulting in greater travel expenses. The Company expects that face-to-face meetings with hospital systems
will result in higher sales bookings. 

Research
and Development 

Fiscal Year 
 2022 to 2021 Change 
 
 (in thousands): 
 2022 
 2021 

Research and development expense 
 6,042 
 4,782 
 1,260 
 26 
 
 Capitalized research and development cost 
 2,019 
 1,431 
 588 
 41 

29 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of compensation and related benefits, the use of independent contractors for specific near-term
development projects and an allocated portion of general overhead costs, including occupancy costs, if material. Total costs in each
of research and development expense and capitalized research and development cost for fiscal 2022 include 2,612,000 related to Avelead
compared to fiscal 2021 which included 978,000 related to Avelead. Avelead was acquired on August 16, 2021, resulting in a partial year
of results for fiscal 2021 as compared with a full year of results for fiscal 2022. The remaining fiscal 2022 increased spend was with
our development partner (see Commitments and Contingencies). The Company continues to focus on research and development activities on
those products with its highest growth prospects, primarily eValuator, RevID and Compare. The Company expects fiscal 2023 total research
and development spend to continue at approximately the same level as fiscal 2022. For fiscal 2022, as a percentage of revenue, total
research and development costs were 32 . In fiscal 2022, the Company was awarded 56,000 from the State of Georgia for its annual research
and development tax credit. At the end of fiscal 2022, the cumulative balance of unused research and development credits was 181,000.
These research and development tax credits can be applied to current Georgia payroll taxes due. 

Acquisition-related
Costs 

Fiscal Year 
 2022 to 2021 Change 
 
 (in thousands): 
 2022 
 2021 

Acquisition-related costs 
 149 
 2,856 
 (2,707 
 (95 

Refer to Note 2 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies Other Operating Costs Acquisition-related costs in the consolidated financial
statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further details with respect to
acquisition-related costs. For fiscal 2022, the Company incurred certain acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of Avelead
totaling 149,000, consisting primarily of fees for professional services. For fiscal 2021, the Company incurred acquisition-related
costs related to the acquisition of Avelead totaling 2,856,000. Of the total costs related to the acquisition of Avelead in fiscal 2021,
 705,000 was related to bonuses paid to certain executives in executing priorities, primarily the acquisition. 

Other
(Expense) income 

Fiscal Year 
 2022 to 2021 Change 
 
 (in thousands): 
 2022 
 2021 

Interest expense 
 (749 
 (236 
 (513 
 217 
 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
 - 
 (43 
 43 
 (100 
 
 Acquisition earnout valuation adjustments 
 71 
 1,851 
 (1,780 
 (96 
 
 Miscellaneous income 
 201 
 60 
 141 
 235 
 
 PPP Loan Forgiveness 
 - 
 2,327 
 (2,327 
 (100 
 
 Total other (expense) income 
 (477 
 3,959 
 (4,436 
 (112 

Interest
expense consists of interest associated with the term loan, deferred financing costs, less interest related to capitalization of software.
Interest expense increased for fiscal 2022 from the prior year period primarily due to the 10,000,000 term loan with Bridge Bank (See
Note 5 Debt) and higher interest rates. Further, interest rates have increased at an accelerated pace in fiscal 2022. Federal
Reserve has been reacting to inflation through interest rate increases. Recent interest rate increases are expected to continue at a
slower pace than that experienced in fiscal 2022. The interest rate increases that have been put into effect to date, are expected to
continue to increase interest expense (year-over-year) into fiscal 2023. 

Acquisition
earnout valuation adjustments for fiscal 2022 include a valuation adjustment of 71,000 compared to an adjustment of 1,851,000 for fiscal
2021. The valuation adjustment is related to the acquisition earnout liabilities associated with the Avelead acquisition (Refer to Note
3 Business Combination and Divestiture of the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data ). 

Miscellaneous
income for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 primarily includes income related to the sublease of the Alpharetta location (Refer to Note 4
 Operating Leases). 

PPP
loan forgiveness for fiscal 2021 reflects the financial impact of the forgiveness of the Company s 2,301,000 PPP loan along with
the accrued interest of 26,000. 

30 

Provision
for Income Taxes 

For continuing operations fiscal
2022 and fiscal 2021, we recorded income tax expense of 71,000 and 109,000 , respectively,
which is comprised of estimated federal, state, and local income tax provisions. The Company has a substantial amount of net operating
losses for federal and state income tax purposes. The Company recorded an increase to the federal income tax valuation allowance in each
of fiscal 2022 and 2021 of approximately 2.0 million which offset related tax benefits for operating losses. 

Use
of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

In
order to provide investors with greater insight and allow for a more comprehensive understanding of the information used by management
and the Board of Directors in its financial and operational decision-making, the Company has supplemented the Consolidated Financial
Statements presented on a GAAP basis in this Report with the following non-GAAP financial measures: EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted
EBITDA Margin. 

These
non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis
of Company results as reported under GAAP. The Company compensates for such limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and
using non-GAAP financial measures only as supplemental data. We also provide a reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures used. Investors
are encouraged to carefully review this reconciliation. In addition, because these non-GAAP measures are not measures of financial performance
under GAAP and are susceptible to varying calculations, these measures, as defined us, may differ from and may not be comparable to similarly
titled measures used by other companies. 

EBITDA,
Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 

We
define: (i) EBITDA as net earnings (loss) before net interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation and amortization; (ii)
Adjusted EBITDA as net earnings (loss) before net interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation, amortization, share-based
compensation expense, transaction related expenses, and other expenses or benefits that do not relate to our core operations such as
severance and impairment charges and debt forgiveness; and (iii) Adjusted EBITDA Margin as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of GAAP net
revenue. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are used to facilitate a comparison of our operating performance on a consistent
basis from period to period and provide for a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than GAAP measures
alone. These measures assist management and the board and may be useful to investors in comparing our operating performance consistently
over time as they remove the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest charges), asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization),
items outside the control of the management team (taxes) and expenses that do not relate to our core operations including: transaction-related
expenses (such as professional and advisory services), corporate restructuring expenses (such as severances) and other operating costs
that are expected to be non-recurring in nature. Adjusted EBITDA removes the impact of share-based compensation expense, which is another
non-cash item. 

The
Board of Directors and management also use these measures (i) as one of the primary methods for planning and forecasting overall expectations
and for evaluating, on at least a quarterly and annual basis, actual results against such expectations; and (ii) as a performance evaluation
metric in determining achievement of certain executive and associate incentive compensation programs. 

Our
lender uses a measurement that is similar to the Adjusted EBITDA measurement described herein to assess our operating performance. The
lender under our Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement requires delivery of compliance reports certifying compliance
with financial covenants, certain of which are based on a measurement that is similar to the Adjusted EBITDA measurement reviewed by
our management and Board of Directors. 

31 

EBITDA,
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not measures of liquidity under GAAP or otherwise and are not alternatives to cash flow
from continuing operating activities, despite the advantages regarding the use and analysis of these measures as mentioned above. EBITDA,
Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EBITDA Margin, as disclosed in this Report have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider
these measures in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP; nor are these measures intended to
be measures of liquidity or free cash flow for our discretionary use. Some of the limitations of EBITDA and its variations are: 

EBITDA
 does not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 

EBITDA
 does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 

EBITDA
 does not reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements to service interest or principal payments under our Second Amended
 and Restated Loan and Security Agreement; 

EBITDA
 does not reflect income tax payments that we may be required to make; and 

Although
 depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized often will have to be replaced in
 the future, and EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements. 

Adjusted
EBITDA has all the inherent limitations of EBITDA. To properly and prudently evaluate our business, the Company encourages readers to
review the GAAP financial statements included elsewhere in this Report, and not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our
business. We also strongly urge readers to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP
measure in this section, along with the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data . 

The
following table reconciles EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net loss from continuing operations for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023
and 2022 (amounts in thousands). All of the items included in the reconciliation from EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net loss from continuing
operations are either recurring non-cash items, or items that management does not consider in assessing our on-going operating performance.
In the case of the non-cash items, management believes that investors may find it useful to assess the Company s comparative operating
performance because the measures without such items are less susceptible to variances in actual performance resulting from depreciation,
amortization and other expenses that do not relate to our core operations and are more reflective of other factors that affect operating
performance. In the case of items that do not relate to our core operations, management believes that investors may find it useful to
assess our operating performance if the measures are presented without these items because their financial impact does not reflect ongoing
operating performance. 

32 

Fiscal
 Year 
 
 (in
 thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA Reconciliation 

Loss from continuing
 operations 
 (11,379 
 (6,917 
 
 Interest
 expense 
 749 
 236 
 
 Income
 tax expense 
 71 
 109 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 4,233 
 3,646 
 
 EBITDA 
 (6,326 
 (2,926 
 
 Share-based
 compensation expense 
 1,680 
 2,216 
 
 Non-cash
 valuation adjustments 
 (71 
 (1,851 
 
 Acquisition-related
 costs, severance, and transaction-related bonuses 
 1,149 
 2,856 
 
 Forgiveness
 of PPP Loan and accrued interest 
 
 (2,327 
 
 Other
 non-recurring expenses 
 (189 
 (48 
 
 Loss
 on early extinguishment of debt 
 
 43 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA 
 (3,757 
 (2,037 
 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA margin (1) 
 (15 
 (12 

(1) 
 Adjusted
 EBITDA as a percentage of GAAP net revenues. 

Application
of Critical Accounting Policies 

The following is a summary of
the Company s most critical accounting policies. Refer to Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial
statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a complete discussion of the significant
accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company derives revenue from the sale of internally developed software, either by licensing for local installation or by a SaaS delivery
model, through our direct sales force or through third-party resellers. Licensed, locally installed clients on a perpetual model utilize
our support and maintenance services for a separate fee, whereas term-based locally installed license fees and SaaS fees include support
and maintenance. The Company also derives revenue from professional services that support the implementation, configuration, training
and optimization of the applications, as well as audit and consulting services The Company recognizes revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to clients in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. 

33 

Performance
obligations are the unit of accounting for revenue recognition and generally represent the distinct goods or services that are promised
to the client. If we determine that we have not satisfied a performance obligation, we will defer recognition of the revenue until the
performance obligation is deemed to be satisfied. Maintenance and support and SaaS agreements are generally non-cancellable or contain
significant penalties for early cancellation, although clients typically have the right to terminate their contracts for cause if we
fail to perform material obligations. However, if non-standard acceptance periods, non-standard performance criteria, or cancellation
or right of refund terms are required, revenue is recognized upon the satisfaction of such criteria. Significant judgment is required
to determine the standalone selling price SSP for each performance obligation, the amount allocated to each performance
obligation and whether it depicts the amount that the Company expects to receive in exchange for the related product and/or service.
The Company recognizes revenue for implementation for certain of its eValuator SaaS solution over the contract term, as it has been determined
that those implementation services are not a distinct performance obligation. Services for other SaaS and Software solutions such as
CDI, RevID and Compare, have been determined as a distinct performance obligation. For these agreements, the Company estimates SSP of
its software licenses using the residual approach when the software license is sold with other services and observable SSPs exist for
the other services. The Company estimates the SSP for maintenance, professional services, software as a service and audit services based
on observable standalone sales. 

Refer
to Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information regarding our revenue recognition
policies. 

Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts 

Accounts
and contract receivables are comprised of amounts owed the Company for solutions and services provided. Contracts with individual clients
and resellers determine when receivables are due and payable. In determining the allowances for doubtful accounts, the unpaid receivables
are reviewed periodically to determine the payment status based upon the most currently available information. During these periodic
reviews, the Company determines the required allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses to reduce total receivables reported
to reflect only the amounts expected to be paid. 

Capitalized
Software Development Costs 

Software
development costs for software to be sold, leased, or marketed are accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 985-20, Software Costs of Software to be Sold, Leased or Marketed . Costs associated with the planning
and design phase of software development are classified as research and development costs and are expensed as incurred. Once technological
feasibility has been established, a portion of the costs incurred in development, including coding, testing and quality assurance, are
capitalized until available for general release to clients, and subsequently reported at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable
value. Amortization is calculated on a solution-by-solution basis and is included in cost of professional fees and licenses on the consolidated
statements of operations. Annual amortization is measured at the greater of a) the ratio of the software product s current gross
revenues to the total of current and expected gross revenues or b) straight-line over the remaining economic life of the software (typically
two years). Unamortized capitalized costs determined to be in excess of the net realizable value of a solution are expensed at the date
of such determination. 

Internal-use
software development costs are accounted for in accordance with ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software . The costs incurred in the preliminary
stages of development are expensed as research and development costs as incurred. Once an application has reached the development stage,
internal and external costs incurred to develop internal-use software are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful life of the software (typically three to four years). Maintenance and enhancement costs, including those costs in the
post-implementation stages, are typically expensed as incurred, unless such costs relate to substantial upgrades and enhancements to
the software that result in added functionality, in which case the costs are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over
the estimated useful life of the software. The Company reviews the carrying value for impairment whenever facts and circumstances exist
that would suggest that assets might be impaired or that the useful lives should be modified. Amortization expense related to capitalized
internal-use software development costs is included in Cost of software as a service on the consolidated statements of operations. 

34 

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
and other intangible assets were recognized in conjunction with the acquisitions of Interpoint Partners, LLC Interpoint ),
Meta Health Technology, Inc. Meta ), Clinical Looking Glass CLG ), Opportune IT, Unibased Systems Architecture,
Inc. Unibased ), and Avelead. Identifiable intangible assets include purchased intangible assets with finite lives, which
primarily consist of internally-developed software, client relationships, non-compete agreements and license agreements. Finite-lived
purchased intangible assets are amortized over their expected period of benefit, which generally ranges from one month to 15 years, using
the straight-line method. 

We
assess the useful lives and possible impairment of existing recognized goodwill on at least an annual basis, and goodwill and intangible
assets when an event occurs that may trigger such a review. Factors considered important which could trigger a review include: 

significant
 under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results; 

significant
 changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the overall business; 

identification
 of other impaired assets within a reporting unit; 

disposition
 of a significant portion of an operating segment; 

significant
 negative industry or economic trends; 

significant
 decline in the Company s stock price for a sustained period; and 

a
 decline in the market capitalization relative to the net book value. 

Determining whether a triggering
event has occurred involves significant judgment by the Company. Upon its most recent annual review, the Company concluded that the fair
value of its goodwill substantially exceeded the carrying value of its goodwill. 

Income
Taxes 

Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
their respective tax bases and for tax credits and loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. In assessing net deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. We establish a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of
deferred tax assets will not be realized. Refer to Note 7 Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in
Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further details. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company s liquidity is dependent upon numerous factors including: (i) the timing and amount of revenues and collection of contractual
amounts from clients, (ii) amounts invested in research and development and capital expenditures, and (iii) the level of operating expenses,
all of which can vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter. The Company s primary cash requirements include regular payment of
payroll and other business expenses, principal and interest payments on debt and minor amounts of capital expenditures. Capital expenditures
generally include computer hardware and computer software to support internal development efforts or SaaS data center infrastructure.
Operations are funded with cash generated by operations and borrowings under the bank credit facilities. The Company believes that cash
flows from operations and available credit facilities are adequate to fund current obligations for twelve months from the date of issuance
of the audit report on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Cash and cash equivalent balances at January 31, 2023 and
2022 were 6,598,000 and 9,885,000, respectively. 

35 

Capital
Raise 

On
October 24, 2022, the Company entered into purchase agreements with certain investors pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and
sell in a registered direct offering (the 2022 Offering an aggregate of 6,299,989 shares of common stock, par value 0.01
per share, at a purchase price of 1.32 per share. The gross proceeds to the Company from the 2022 Offering were approximately 8,316,000.
The Company intends to use the proceeds of the 2022 Offering for general corporate purposes. The 2022 Offering closed on October 26,
2022. 

On
February 25, 2021, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, as the sole managing underwriter,
relating to the underwritten public offering of an aggregate of 10,062,500 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01
per share, which included 1,312,500 shares of common stock sold pursuant to the underwriter s exercise of an option to purchase
additional shares of common stock to cover over-allotments (the 2021 Offering ). The price to the public in the 2021 Offering
was 1.60 per share of common stock. The gross proceeds to the Company from the 2021 Offering were approximately 16,100,000, before
deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and estimated offering expenses. The 2021 Offering closed on March 2, 2021. 

The
Company believes that cash flows from operations, the cash from the 2022 Offering and available credit facilities are adequate to fund
current obligations for the next twelve months from issuance of the financial statements included in this report. Continued expansion
may require the Company to take on additional debt or raise capital through issuance of equities, or a combination of both. There can
be no assurance the Company will be able to raise the capital required to fund further expansion. 

Authorized
Shares Amendment 

On May 24, 2021, the Company
amended its Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the total number of authorized shares of the Company s common
stock from 45,000,000 shares to 65,000,000 shares (the Charter Amendment ). The Charter Amendment was initially approved
by the board of directors of the Company, subject to stockholder approval, approved by the Company s stockholders at the 2021 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders of the Company, held on May 20, 2021 (the 2021 Annual Meeting ), and ratified by the Company s
stockholders at a special meeting of stockholders held on July 29, 2021 (the 2021 Special Meeting). 

Also, at the 2021 Annual Meeting,
the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2013 Stock
Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s common stock authorized for issuance
thereunder by 2,000,000 shares, from 6,223,246 shares to 8,223,246 shares (the Third Amended 2013 Plan Amendment ). The Company s
stockholders ratified the approval and effectiveness of the Third Amended 2023 Plan Amendment at the 2021 Special Meeting. 

At the 2022 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders (the 2022 Annual Meeting held on June 7, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the
2013 Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s common stock authorized for issuance thereunder by 2,000,000 shares,
from 8,223,246 shares to 10,223,246 shares. The Company s stockholders also approved an amendment to the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the total number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock from 65,000,000 shares
to 85,000,000 shares. 

36 

Credit
Facility 

The
Company has liquidity through the Second Modification to the Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement (the Second Modification
Debt Agreement ). On November 29, 2022, the Company executed the Second Modification Debt Agreement. The Second Modification Debt
Agreement includes an expansion of the Company s total borrowing to include a 2,000,000 revolving line of credit. The revolving
line of credit will be co-terminus with the term loan and matures on August 26, 2026. There are no requirements to draw on the line of
credit. Amounts outstanding under the line of credit portion of the Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement bear interest at a per
annum rate equal to the Prime Rate (as published in The Wall Street Journal) plus 1.5 , with a Prime floor rate of 3.25 .
The Second Modification Debt Agreement amended the covenants of the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement. Refer to
Note 5 Debt for information regarding the Second Modification Debt Agreement. At January 31, 2023, there was no outstanding balance
on the revolving line of credit. 

Under
the Second Modification Debt Agreement, the Company has a term loan facility with an initial, maximum, principal amount of 10,000,000.
Amounts outstanding under the Second Modification Debt Agreement bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Prime Rate (as published
in The Wall Street Journal) plus 1.5 , with a Prime floor rate of 3.25 . 

The
Second Modification Debt Agreement includes customary financial covenants as follows: 

a. 
 Minimum
 Cash. Borrowers shall, at all times, maintain unrestricted cash in an amount not less than Two Million Dollars 2,000,000). 

b. 
 Maximum
 Debt to ARR Ratio. Borrowers Maximum Debt to ARR Ratio, measured on a quarterly basis as of the last day of each fiscal
 quarter, shall not be greater than the amount set forth under the heading Maximum Debt to ARR Ratio as of, and for
 each of the dates appearing adjacent to such Maximum Debt to ARR Ratio . 

Quarter Ending 
 Maximum Debt to ARR Ratio 
 
 October 31, 2022 
 0.80 to 1.00 
 
 January 31, 2023 
 0.70 to 1.00 
 
 April 30, 2023 
 0.65 to 1.00 
 
 July 31, 2023 
 0.60 to 1.00 
 
 October 31, 2023 
 0.55 to 1.00 
 
 January 31, 2024 
 0.50 to 1.00 

c. 
 Maximum
 Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio. Commencing with the quarter ending April 30, 2024, Borrowers Maximum Debt to Adjusted EBITDA
 Ratio, measured on a quarterly basis as of the last day of each fiscal quarter for the trailing four (4) quarter period then ended,
 shall not be greater than the amount set forth under the heading Maximum Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio as of, and for
 each of the dates appearing adjacent to such Maximum Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio . 

Quarter Ending 
 Maximum Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio 
 
 April 30, 2024 
 3.50 to 1.00 
 
 July 31, 2024, and on the last day of each quarter, thereafter 
 2.00 to 1.00 

d. 
 Fixed
 Charge Coverage Ratio . Commencing with the quarter ending April 30, 2024, Borrowers shall maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
 of not less than 1.20 to 1.00, measured on a quarterly basis as of the last day of each fiscal quarter for the trailing four (4)
 quarter period then ended. 

37 

The
Second Modification Debt Agreement also includes customary negative covenants, subject to exceptions, which limit transfers, capital
expenditures, indebtedness, certain liens, investments, acquisitions, dispositions of assets, restricted payments, and the business activities
of the Company, as well as customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default, including cross defaults
and a change of control default. The line of credit also is subject to customary prepayment requirements. For the period ended January
31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with the Second Modification Debt Agreement covenants. 

PPP
Loan 

The
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, also known as the CARES Act, was signed into law on March 17, 2020. Among other things,
the CARES Act provided for a business loan program known as the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). Qualifying companies
were able to borrow, through the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ), up to two months of payroll expenses. On April
21, 2020, the Company received approximately 2,301,000 through the SBA under the PPP. These funds were utilized by the Company to fund
payroll expenses and avoid staffing reductions during the slowdown resulting from COVID-19. The loan required principal payments, beginning
after the seventh monthly anniversary, and was required to be paid in two years. The PPP loan bore an interest rate of 1.0 per annum.
In June 2021, the Company received notification that the PPP loan principal amount of 2,301,000 and accrued interest of 26,000 had
been forgiven in full. 

Significant
cash obligations 

As of January, 31 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Term loan (1) 
 9,714 
 9,904 

(1) 
 Term
 loan balance is reported net of deferred financing costs of 36,000 and 96,000 as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Refer
 to Note 5 Debt to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data for additional information. The term loan balance as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 was bank
 term debt. 

Operating
cash flow activities 

Fiscal Year 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (11,379 
 (6,917 
 
 Non-cash adjustments to net loss 
 6,120 
 1,884 
 
 Cash impact of changes in assets and liabilities 
 (1,884 
 1,149 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (7,143 
 (3,884 

The
higher use of cash from operating activities for fiscal 2022 is due to the higher net loss from operations compared to fiscal 2021. The
Company had a higher net loss from operations and higher non-cash adjustments to net loss primarily due to higher rates of amortization
and lower gains than fiscal 2022 on the PPP loan forgiveness and acquisition earnouts associated with the Avelead acquisition. The Company s
accounts receivable was significantly higher in fiscal 2022 as compared with that of fiscal 2021 due to (i) timing of collection on certain
annual invoices, (ii) higher term license due to a multi-year term renewal, and (iii) the timing of software license sales. Within non-cash
adjustments to net loss for fiscal 2021, the Company reported forgiveness of the PPP loan of 2,301,000 and related interest of 26,000. 

38 

Investing
cash flow activities 

Fiscal Year 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Investment in Avelead, net of cash 
 
 (12,470 
 
 Purchases of property and equipment 
 (10 
 (41 
 
 Proceeds from sale of ECM Assets 
 
 800 
 
 Capitalized software development costs 
 (1,924 
 (1,458 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,934 
 (13,169 

The cash used in investing activities
for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 includes capitalized software development costs. The Company expects continued capitalizable projects
associated with the Company s flagship products. The increase in capitalized software development costs is primarily from the acquisition
of Avelead in fiscal 2021. The Company experienced a full year of capitalization in fiscal 2022 compared with a partial year in fiscal
2021. Refer to Note 3 Business Combination and Divestiture for more information on the acquisition of Avelead. The
cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2021 included the cash used to acquire Avelead and capitalized software development costs,
offset by the release of escrowed funds in fiscal 2021 from the sale of the ECM Assets. Refer to Note 13 Discontinued Operations
for more information on the sale of the ECM Assets. 

Financing
cash flow activities 

Fiscal Year 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
 8,316 
 16,100 
 
 Payments of acquisition earnout liabilities 
 (2,012 

Payments for costs directly attributable to the issuance of common stock 
 (52 
 (1,313 
 
 Repayment of bank term loan 
 (250 

Proceeds from term loan payable 
 
 10,000 
 
 Payments related to settlement of employee shared-based awards 
 (197 
 (464 
 
 Payment of deferred financing costs 
 (20 
 (168 
 
 Other 
 6 
 (6 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 5,791 
 24,149 

The
cash provided by financing activities for fiscal 2022 was primarily attributable to the 2022 Offering of the Company s common stock,
which closed on October 26, 2022, offset by earnout payments related to the Avelead acquisition. Refer to Note 8 Equity for additional
information. The cash provided by financing activities for fiscal 2021 was primarily from the public Offering of the Company s
common stock, which closed on March 2, 2021. Additionally, the Company received proceeds of 10,000,000 as a result of the Second Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement entered into on August 26, 2021. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
a smaller reporting company, as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide this information. 

39 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULE COVERED BY REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 41 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 44 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the two years ended January 31, 2023 
 46 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the two years ended January 31, 2023 
 47 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the two years ended January 31, 2023 
 48 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 49 
 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 77 

All
other financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto. 

40 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Stockholders
and Board of Directors of 

 Streamline
Health Solutions, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended January 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. 

We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Critical
Audit Matter - Capitalized Software Development Costs 

As
described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company develops software within the scope of both ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software Topic 350 and ASC 985-20, Software Costs of Software to be Sold, Leased or Marketed Topic 985 . 

41 

Internal-use
software development costs are accounted for in accordance with Topic 350. Costs associated with the preliminary stages of development
are classified as research and development costs and expensed as incurred. Costs associated with the application development stage are
capitalized. Maintenance and enhancement costs, including costs in the post-implementation stages, are typically expensed as incurred,
unless such costs relate to substantial upgrades and enhancements that result in added functionality, in which case the costs are capitalized.
Capitalized amounts are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software. 

Development
costs for software to be sold, leased, or marketed are accounted for in accordance with Topic 985. Costs associated with the planning
and design phase of software development are classified as research and development costs and expensed as incurred. Once technological
feasibility has been established, a portion of the costs incurred in development, including coding, testing and quality assurance, are
capitalized until the software is available for general release to clients, and subsequently reported at the lower of unamortized cost
or net realizable value. Capitalized amounts are amortized at the greater of amortization derived from either a straight-line basis or
the ratio of current revenues to total current and anticipated revenues. 

We
identified capitalized software development costs as a critical audit matter. Our principal considerations for this determination were
the high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity required in evaluating management s determination of the activities and costs
that qualify for capitalization and the relevant software development guidance to be applied under the applicable accounting standards. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

We
 obtained an understanding of the Company s process for determining the activities and costs that qualify for capitalization
 and the relevant software development guidance to be applied under the applicable accounting standards. 

We
 tested the mathematical accuracy of the roll forward of capitalized software and related amortization expense. We also tested the
 completeness and accuracy of applicable system-generated reports, including reconcilements of details to associated sub-ledgers. 

For
 a sample of capitalized costs, we evaluated the relevance of the software development guidance applied, by performing the following: 

o 
 We
 inspected underlying documentation and assessed the eligibility of costs for capitalization, in relation to applicable guidance,
 and whether such costs were incurred during the application development stage or after the attainment of technological feasibility,
 as applicable. 

o 
 We
 recalculated the capitalized amount based on hours incurred for direct payroll related costs or associated vendor contracts and invoices
 for work performed by third parties. 

o 
 We
 evaluated the software implementation timelines and related underlying documentation supporting the capitalization periods for implementation
 and development as well as the dates software was placed in service. 

o 
 We
 inquired of product managers for significant projects to assess the nature of the costs, the time devoted to capitalizable activities
 and the underlying documentation. 

For
 eligible costs within the scope of Topic 985, we assessed whether amortization was the greater of amortization derived from either
 a straight-line basis or the ratio of current revenues to total current and anticipated revenues. 

Critical
Audit Matter - Valuation of Contingent Consideration 

As
described in Note 3 to the financial statements, on August 16, 2021, the Company acquired Avelead Consulting, LLC, which included a contingent
consideration arrangement. The contingent consideration was recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and is revalued each reporting
period until final settlement with changes in the fair value recognized within the consolidated statement of operations. The Company
estimated the fair value of the contingent consideration using a Monte Carlo simulation. The method required management to make significant
estimates and assumptions related to forecasted revenue, discount rates and revenue volatility. 

42 

We
identified the valuation of contingent consideration as a critical audit matter. Our principal consideration for this determination included
the high degree of auditor judgement and subjectivity in evaluating management s valuation methodologies, particularly as it related
to evaluating the inputs and significant assumptions used to develop the fair value measurements. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

We
 obtained an understanding of management s process for determining the fair value measurements of the contingent consideration. 

We
 evaluated forward-looking assumptions, such as forecasted revenue used by management by performing procedures that included, but
 were not limited to, comparisons to historical performance data, to assess their reasonableness. 

Utilizing
 a valuation specialist, we evaluated the significant assumptions and methods utilized in developing the fair value of the contingent
 consideration, including: 

o 
 We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s third-party valuation models and methodologies and reviewed significant assumptions. 

o 
 We
 developed an independent calculation of the discount rates used and compared our rates to those used by management. 

o 
 We
 performed independent simulations using a Monte Carlo technique to determine the fair value of the contingent consideration and test
 the accuracy of management s valuation technique and application. 

/s/
 (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April
27, 2023 

43 

STREAMLINE
HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

(rounded to the nearest thousand dollars, except
share and per share information) 

2023 
 2022 

January 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 

Contract receivables 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property and equipment, net of accumulated amortization of and respectively 

Right-of use asset for operating lease 

Capitalized software development costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 

Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 

Goodwill 

Other 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

44 

January 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Current portion of term loan 

Deferred revenues 

Current portion of operating lease obligation 

Current portion of acquisition earnout liability 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Term loan, net of deferred financing costs 

Deferred revenues, less current portion 

Operating lease obligations, less current portion 

Acquisition earnout liability, less current portion 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies Note 12 
 - 

Stockholders equity 

Common stock, par value per share, and shares authorized, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

45 

STREAMLINE
HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(rounded
to the nearest thousand dollars, except share and per share information) 

2022 
 2021 

Fiscal Year 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Software as a service 

Maintenance and support 

Professional fees and licenses 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of software as a service 

Cost of maintenance and support 

Cost of professional fees and licenses 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Research and development 

Acquisition-related costs 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other expense: 

Interest expense 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

Acquisition earnout valuation adjustments 

Other 

PPP loan forgiveness 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Loss from continuing operations 

Income from discontinued operations: 

Income from discontinued operations 

Income tax expense 

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss 

Basic Earnings Per Share: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Net income 

Weighted average number of common shares basic 

Diluted Earnings Per Share: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Net loss per common share diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares - diluted 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

46 

STREAMLINE
HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(rounded
to the nearest thousand dollars, except share information) 

Common 
 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

stock 
 Common 
 paid
 in 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 

shares 
 stock 
 capital 
 deficit 
 equity 
 
 Balance at January 31, 2021 

Exercise of Stock Options 

Restricted
 stock issued 

Issuance
 of Common Stock 

Offering
 Expenses 

Restricted
 stock forfeited 

Surrender of stock 

Share-based
 compensation expense 

Net
 income 

Balance
 at January 31, 2022 

Balance 

Exercise
 of Stock Options 

Restricted
 stock issued 

Issuance
 of Common Stock 

Offering
 Expenses 

Restricted
 stock forfeited 

Surrender of stock 

Share-based
 compensation expense 

Net
 loss 

Net
 income (loss) 

Balance at January 31,
 2023 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

47 

STREAMLINE
HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(rounded
to the nearest thousand dollars) 

2022 
 2021 

Fiscal Year 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

LESS: Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Loss from continuing operations, net of tax 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Acquisition earnout valuation adjustments 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 

Provision for deferred income taxes 

Share-based compensation expense 

Provision for accounts receivable allowance 

Forgiveness of PPP loan 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and contract receivables 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Deferred revenues 

Net cash used in operating activities continuing operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities discontinued operations 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment in Avelead, net of cash acquired 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of ECM Assets 

Capitalization of software development costs 

Net cash used in investing activities continuing operations 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Payment of acquisition earnout liabilities 

Payments for costs directly attributable to the issuance of common stock 

Repayment of bank term loan 

Proceeds from term loan payable 

Payments related to settlement of employee shared-based awards 

Payment of deferred financing costs 

Other 

Net cash provided by financing activities continuing operations 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow disclosures: 

Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized 

Income taxes paid 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

48 

STREAMLINE
HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

January
31, 2023 and 2022 

Payment of acquisition earnout liabilities in restricted common stock 

Capitalized software purchased with stock (Note 12) 

Professional fees and services 

Third party licenses 

Customer concessions 

State income and sales taxes payable 

Interest, primarily on Term Loan 

Total accrued expenses 

and as of
January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

- 
 years 
 
 Office
 equipment 

years 
 
 Office
 furniture and fixtures 
 
 - 
 years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 

Depreciation
expense for property and equipment in fiscal 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Normal
repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. Replacements are capitalized and the property and equipment accounts are relieved of
the items being replaced or disposed of, if no longer of value. The related cost and accumulated depreciation of the disposed assets
are eliminated and any gain or loss on disposition is included in the results of operations in the year of disposal. 

The
Company wrote-off fully depreciated fixed assets during fiscal 2021 of . There was no impact to the consolidated statements of
operations as this eliminated the asset and accumulated depreciation of the fully depreciated fixed assets. 

and as of January 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Internal-use
software development costs are accounted for in accordance with ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software . The costs incurred in the preliminary
stages of development are expensed as research and development costs as incurred. Once an application has reached the development stage,
internal and external costs incurred to develop internal-use software are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful life of the software (typically three to four years). Maintenance and enhancement costs, including those costs in the
post-implementation stages, are typically expensed as incurred, unless such costs relate to substantial upgrades and enhancements to
the software that result in added functionality, in which case the costs are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over
the estimated useful life of the software. The Company reviews the carrying value for impairment whenever facts and circumstances exist
that would suggest that assets might be impaired or that the useful lives should be modified. Amortization expense related to capitalized
internal-use software development costs is included in Cost of software as a service on the consolidated statements of operations. Capitalized
software development costs for internal-use software, net of accumulated amortization, totaled and as of January
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
estimated useful lives of software (including software to be sold and internal-use software) are reviewed frequently and adjusted as
appropriate to reflect upcoming development activities that may include significant upgrades and/or enhancements to the existing functionality.
The Company reviews, on an on-going basis, the carrying value of its capitalized software development expenditures, net of accumulated
amortization. 

Amortization
expense on all capitalized software development was and in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. Further, the Company
recognized an impairment of approximately and in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively, related to cancelled or abandoned
enhancement projects during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 that has been recognized within amortization expense. Additionally, in fiscal
2022, approximately of fully amortized and abandoned assets, including previously acquired assets, were cleared from their corresponding
capitalization and accumulated amortization balance sheet accounts. 

The
Company uses the carry-over method for amortizing capitalized software development costs. Under the carry-over 
method, the costs of the enhancements are added to the unamortized costs of the previous version of the product and the combined amount
is amortized over the remaining useful life of the product. Including unamortized cost of the original product with the cost of the enhancement
for purposes of applying the net realizable value test and amortization provisions is consistent with accounting guidance for software
companies that improve their software and discontinue selling or marketing the older versions. 

Cost of professional fees and licenses 

Total amortization expense on internally-developed software 

The interest capitalized to
software development cost reduces the Company s interest expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Research
and development expense was and in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

At January 31, 2022 

Acquisition earnout liability (1) 

(1) 
 The
 fair value of the acquisition earnout liability is based upon a probability-weighted discounted
 cash flow that was completed at the date of acquisition and updated as of January 31, 2023.
 The change in the fair value of the acquisition earnout ability decreased for
 the year ended January 31, 2023, which includes payment of of the first year earnout,
 and a change recognized in Acquisition earnout valuation adjustments 
 in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

The probability-weighted discounted cash flow is calculated using a Monte
Carlo valuation method. The valuation model provides numerous outcomes. The outcomes are averaged and discounted to present value, which
provides the current value point estimate. The significant inputs include our forecast of Avelead SaaS revenue, the probabilities associated
with each of (i) a change in control or (ii) a certain client termination, as well as other normal and customary inputs to financial models,
including but not limited to, risk factors and interest rates. 

The
fair value of the Company s term loan under its Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement was determined through
an analysis of the interest rate spread from the date of closing the loan (August 2021) to the date of the most recent balance sheets,
January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. , with a Prime floor rate of . The prime rate is variable and, thus accommodates changes
in the market interest rate. However, the interest rate spread (the added to the Prime Rate) is fixed. We estimated the impact of
the changes in the interest rate spread by analogizing the effect of the change in the Corporate bond rates, reduced for any changes
in the market interest rate. This provided us with an estimated change to the interest rate spread of approximately from the date
we entered the debt agreement to January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. The fair value of the debt as of January 31, 2023
and January 31, 2022 was estimated to be and , respectively, or a discount to book value of and ,
respectively. Long-term debt is classified as Level 2. 

The
determined transaction price is allocated based on the standalone selling price of the performance obligations in contract. Significant
judgment is required to determine the standalone selling price SSP for each performance obligation, the amount allocated
to each performance obligation and whether it depicts the amount that the Company expects to receive in exchange for the related product
and/or service. The Company recognizes revenue for implementation of its eValuator SaaS solution over the contract term, as it has been
determined that those implementation services are not a distinct performance obligation. Services for other SaaS and Software solutions
such as CDI, RevID and Compare, have been determined as a distinct performance obligation. For these agreements, the Company estimates
SSP of its software licenses using the residual approach when the software license is sold with other services and observable SSPs exist
for the other services. The Company estimates the SSP for maintenance, professional services, software as a service and audit services
based on observable standalone sales. 

Contract
Combination 

The
Company may execute more than one contract or agreement with a single client. The Company evaluates whether the agreements were negotiated
as a package with a single objective, whether the amount of consideration to be paid in one agreement depends on the price and/or performance
of another agreement, or whether the goods or services promised in the agreements represent a single performance obligation. The conclusions
reached can impact the allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation and the timing of revenue recognition related
to those arrangements. 

The
Company has utilized the portfolio approach as the practical expedient. We have applied the revenue model to a portfolio of contracts
with similar characteristics where we expected that the financial statements would not differ materially from applying it to the individual
contracts within that portfolio. 

Software
Licenses 

The
Company s software license arrangements provide the client with the right to use functional intellectual property. Implementation,
support, and other services are typically considered distinct performance obligations when sold with a software license unless these
services are determined to significantly modify the software. Revenue is recognized at a point in time. Typically, this is upon shipment
of components or electronic download of software. 

Maintenance
and Support Services 

Our
maintenance and support obligations include multiple discrete performance obligations, with the two largest being unspecified product
upgrades or enhancements, and technical support, which can be offered at various points during a contract period. We believe that the
multiple discrete performance obligations within our overall maintenance and support obligations can be viewed as a single performance
obligation since both the unspecified upgrades and technical support are activities to fulfill the maintenance performance obligation
and are rendered concurrently. Maintenance and support agreements entitle clients to technology support, version upgrades, bug fixes
and service packs. We recognize maintenance and support revenue over the contract term. 

Software-Based
Solution Professional Services 

The
Company provides various professional services to clients with software licenses. These include project management, software implementation
and software modification services. Revenues from arrangements to provide professional services are generally distinct from the other
promises in the contract and are recognized as the related services are performed. Consideration payable under these arrangements is
either fixed fee or on a time-and-materials basis and is recognized over time as the services are performed. 

Software
as a Service 

SaaS-based
contracts include a right to use of the Company s platform and support which represent a single promise to provide continuous access
to its software solutions. Implementation services for the Company s eValuator product are included as part of the single promise
for its respective contracts. The Company recognizes revenue for implementation of the eValuator product over the contract term as it
is determined that the implementation on eValuator is not a distinct performance obligation. Implementation services for other SaaS products
are deemed to be separate performance obligations. 

Audit
Services 

The
Company provides technology-enabled coding audit services to help clients review and optimize their internal clinical documentation and
coding functions across the applicable segment of the client s enterprise. Audit services are a separate performance obligation.
We recognize revenue over time as the services are performed. 

Disaggregation
of Revenue 

Point in time revenue 

Total revenue 

The
Company disaggregates revenue into each of (i) over time and (ii) point in time revenue. For over time revenue, revenue is recognized
incrementally, as each portion of the performance obligation is satisfied. The Company includes revenue categories of (i) SaaS and (ii)
maintenance and support as over time revenue. For point in time revenue, the performance obligation is recognized at the point in time
when the obligation is fully satisfied. The Company includes revenue categories of (i) software licenses, (ii) professional services, and (iii)
audit services as point in time revenue. For fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, Avelead accounts for 
of the over time revenue and of the point in time revenue, respectively. 

Contract
Assets and Deferred Revenues 

The
Company receives payments from clients based upon contractual billing schedules. Contract receivables include amounts related to the
Company s contractual right to consideration for completed performance obligations not yet invoiced. Deferred revenues include
payments received in advance of performance under the contract. Our contract receivables and deferred revenue are reported on an individual
contract basis at the end of each reporting period. Contract receivables are classified as current or noncurrent based on the timing
of when we expect to bill the client. Deferred revenue is classified as current or noncurrent based on the timing of when we expect to
recognize revenue. In the year ended January 31, 2023, we recognized approximately in revenue from deferred revenues outstanding
as of January 31, 2022. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations was as of January 31, 2023, of which 

Deferred
costs (costs to fulfill a contract and contract acquisition costs) 

We
defer the direct costs, which include salaries and benefits, for professional services related to SaaS contracts as a cost to fulfill
a contract. These deferred costs will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the contractual term. As of January 31, 2023, and 2022,
we had deferred costs of and , respectively, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively. Amortization
expense of these costs was and in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no impairment losses for these capitalized
costs for the fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

Contract
acquisition costs, which consist of sales commissions paid or payable, is considered incremental and recoverable costs of obtaining a
contract with a client. Sales commissions for initial and renewal contracts are deferred and then amortized on a straight-line basis
over the contract term. As a practical expedient, we expense sales commissions as incurred when the amortization period of related deferred
commission costs would have been one year or less. 

Deferred
commissions costs paid and payable, which are included on the consolidated balance sheets within other non-current assets totaled 
and , respectively, as of January 31, 2023 and 2022. In fiscal 2022 and 2021, amortization expense associated with deferred sales
commissions was and , respectively, and was included in selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated
statements of operations. There were no impairment losses for these capitalized costs for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

years, using the straight-line method. 

The
Company assesses the useful lives and possible impairment of intangible assets when an event occurs that may trigger such a review. Factors
considered important which could trigger a review include: 

significant
 underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; 

significant
 changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the overall business; 

identification
 of other impaired assets within a reporting unit; 

disposition
 of a significant portion of an operating segment; 

significant
 negative industry or economic trends; 

significant
 decline in the Company s stock price for a sustained period; and 

a
 decline in the market capitalization relative to the net book value. 

Determining
whether a triggering event has occurred involves significant judgment by the Company. 

The
Company assesses goodwill annually (as of November 1), or more frequently when events and circumstances, such as the ones mentioned above,
occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. During the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not note
any of the above qualitative factors, which would be considered a triggering event for goodwill impairment. In assessing qualitative
factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the
Company assesses relevant events and circumstances that may impact the fair value and the carrying amount of a reporting unit. The identification
of relevant events and circumstances and how these may impact a reporting unit s fair value or carrying amount involve significant
judgments by management. These judgments include the consideration of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost
factors, overall financial performance, events which are specific to the Company and trends in the market price of the Company s
common stock. Each factor is assessed to determine whether it impacts the impairment test positively or negatively, and the magnitude
of any such impact. 

Reporting
units are determined based on the organizational structure the entity has in place at the date of the impairment test. A reporting unit
is an operating segment or component business unit with the following characteristics: (a) it has discrete financial information, (b)
segment management regularly reviews its operating results (generally an operating segment has a segment manager who is directly accountable
to and maintains regular contact with the chief operating decision maker to discuss operating activities, financial results, forecasts
or plans for the segment), and (c) its economic characteristics are dissimilar from other units (this contemplates the nature of the
products and services, the nature of the production process, the type or class of client for the products and services and the methods
used to distribute the products and services). The Company determined that it has one operating segment and two reporting units. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of its reporting unit using the income approach, via discounted cash flow valuation models which include,
but are not limited to, assumptions such as a risk-free rate of return on an investment, the weighted average cost of capital
of a market participant and future revenue, operating margin, working capital and capital expenditure trends. Determining the fair value
of reporting units and goodwill includes significant judgment by management, and different judgments could yield different results. 

The
Company performed its annual assessment of goodwill, using the approach described above. Based on the analysis performed, the fair value
of the reporting units exceeded the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill, and, therefore, a goodwill impairment
loss was not recognized. 

in fiscal 2022, which includes of capitalized non-employee stock compensation, and in fiscal 2021. 

The
fair value of the stock options granted are estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Option pricing
model input assumptions such as expected term, expected volatility and risk-free interest rate impact the fair value estimate. The Company
recognizes forfeitures as they occur. These assumptions are subjective and are generally derived from external (such as, risk-free rate
of interest) and historical data (such as, volatility factor, expected term and forfeiture rates). Future grants of equity awards accounted
for as stock-based compensation could have a material impact on reported expenses depending upon the number, value and vesting period
of future awards. 

The
Company issues restricted stock awards in the form of Company common stock. The fair value of these awards is based on the market close
price per share on the grant date. The Company expenses the compensation cost of these awards as the restriction period lapses, which
is typically a one- to four-year service period to the Company. In fiscal 2022 and 2021, and shares of common stock were
surrendered to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations totaling and , respectively, in connection with the
vesting of restricted stock awards. Shares surrendered by the restricted stock award recipients in accordance with the applicable plan
are deemed cancelled, and therefore are not available to be reissued. The Company awarded and shares of restricted stock
to its executive officers and directors of the Company in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company provides for uncertain tax positions and the related interest and penalties based upon management s assessment of whether
certain tax positions are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. At January 31, 2023, the Company
believes it has appropriately accounted for any uncertain tax positions. 

Basic net loss per share of common stock from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Income available to common stockholders from discontinued operations 

Basic net earnings per share of common stock from discontinued operations 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share (1): 

Continuing operations 

Loss available to common stockholders from continuing operations 

Diluted net loss per share of common stock from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Income available to common stockholders from discontinued operations 

Diluted net earnings per share of common stock from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic (1) (1) 

Effect of dilutive securities - Stock options and Restricted stock (2) (2) 

Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted 

Basic net loss per share of common stock 

Diluted net loss per share of common stock 

(1) 
 and unvested restricted shares of common stock, respectively. 

(2) 
 outstanding stock
 options and unvested restricted shares of common stock. As of January 31, 2022, there were outstanding stock
 options and unvested restricted shares of common stock. 

Broker fees 

Professional fees 

Executive bonuses 

Loss on exit from operating lease 

Total 

For
fiscal 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred certain acquisition-related costs relating to the acquisition of Avelead totaling 
 and , respectively. For fiscal 2022, these expenses consisted primarily of professional service fees. For fiscal 2021, of the
total acquisition-related costs, was from bonuses paid to certain executives in executing priorities, primarily related to the
acquisition, and related to professional fees. 

The
aggregate consideration for the purchase of Avelead was approximately million (at fair value) consisting of (i) million in
cash, net of cash acquired, (ii) million in common stock, and (iii) approximately million in contingent consideration (see
below). The Company issued shares of its restricted common stock (the Acquisition Restricted Common Stock ). The
Acquisition Restricted Common Stock has a fair value as of the closing date of acquisition of million. The owners of Avelead are also referred
to herein as Sellers and are enumerated in the UPA (as defined below). 

The
Unit Purchase Agreement (hereafter referred to as the UPA ), stated that the purchase price for Avelead at closing included
a cash payment of million. Additionally, the Company paid of the Sellers closing costs, related to the
working capital adjustment as defined in the UPA. Finally, at closing, the Company issued the Acquisition Restricted Common Stock with
a fair value of approximately million, based on a 30-day average of the closing price of the Company s common stock prior
to the closing date. The SaaS Contingent Consideration and the Renewal Contingent Consideration described in more detail below were included
in the UPA as potential future consideration for the Transaction. These are reflected on the Company s consolidated balance sheet
as Acquisition earnout liability. 

The
Company acquired Avelead on a cash-free and debt-free basis. The Transaction was structured as a purchase of units (equity), however,
Avelead was taxed as a partnership. Accordingly, the Company realized a step-up in the tax basis of the assets acquired and the goodwill
is tax deductible. The gross deferred tax assets and liabilities will be consolidated, and the gross deferred tax assets have a full
valuation allowance. 

The
contingent consideration is comprised of SaaS Contingent Consideration and Renewal Contingent Consideration 
which are described in more detail as follows: 

The
 SaaS Contingent Consideration is calculated based upon Avelead s recurring SaaS revenue recognized during the first and second
 year. The Company will pay the SaaS Contingent Consideration as follows: (i) in cash and (ii) in shares of Company common
 stock valued at the time the earnout is paid subject to a collar, as described below. 

1 

This
 first year SaaS Contingent Consideration was paid on November 21, 2022 (see below). 

On
November 21, 2022, the Company made the first year earnout payments and issued shares of common stock, par value per share, subject
to certain restrictions, to the selling shareholders of Avelead in accordance with the UPA. In connection with the first year earnout
payment, the Company made cash payments of and issued unregistered securities in the form of restricted common stock,
par value per share, for the SaaS Contingent Consideration and unregistered securities in the form of restricted common
stock, par value per share, for the Renewal Contingent Consideration. The estimated aggregate value of the first year earnout payment
is for the SaaS Contingent Consideration and for the Renewal Contingent Consideration. The second year earnout
payment, if any, under the UPA will be payable on or about October 2023. These liabilities are reflected at the fair value of the future
commitment on the Company s consolidated balance sheet, as Acquisition Earnout Liability. 

Cash, seller expenses 

Cash, working capital adjustment 

Restricted Common Stock 

Acquisition earnout liabilities 
 (a) (a) 
 
 Total consideration 

(a) 
 and restricted shares of common stock. The acquisition
 second year earnout liability is shown as a short-term liability as of January 31, 2023. 

The
 acquisition earnout liability is re-measured on a quarterly basis and the change to the liability is recorded as a valuation adjustment
 recorded through acquisition earnout valuation adjustments in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
 The valuation adjustment recorded for the period ended January 31, 2023, was . A range of possible outcomes is not available
 under the specific valuation method that was used in determining fair value of the acquisition earnout liability. 

Unbilled revenue 

Prepaid expenses 

Fixed assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenues 

Net tangible assets 

Goodwill 

Client Relationships (SaaS) 

Client Relationships (Consulting) 

Internally Developed Software 

Trademarks and Tradenames 

Net assets acquired and liabilities assumed 

The
Company determined the fair value of the client relationship intangible assets and the trade name and developed software technology intangible
assets using the multi-period excess earning method and the relief from royalty method, respectively. The intangible assets recorded
as a result of the Avelead acquisition, and their related estimated useful lives are as follows: 

Client Relationships (SaaS) 
 years 
 
 Client Relationships (Consulting) 
 years 
 
 Internally Developed Software 
 years 
 
 Trademarks and Tradenames 
 years 

The
Company s unaudited pro forma revenues and (loss) income from continuing operations, assuming Avelead was acquired on February
1, 2020, are as follows. The unaudited pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that the Company
would have reported had the acquisition actually occurred at the beginning of these periods nor is it necessarily indicative of future
results. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not reflect the impact of events occurring after the acquisition. The nature
and amount of any material, nonrecurring pro forma adjustments directly attributable to the business combination are included in the
pro forma revenue and net earnings reflected below (unaudited): 

Operating expenses 

Acquisition-related costs 

Operating loss 

Other (expense) income 

PPP loan forgiveness 

Income tax expense 

Loss from continuing operations 

Included
in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the year ended January 31, 2022 (following the closing of the Avelead acquisition)
are and ) of Avelead revenue and loss from continuing operations. 

Refer
to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Other operating costs -Acquisition-related costs. Costs related
to the acquisition of Avelead are expensed as incurred. 

The
Company entered into one employment agreement and one separation agreement with each of the two Sellers. Included in the transaction
costs of Avelead is the cost of a two-year separation agreement with one Seller. This separation agreement was expensed at the closing
of the transaction as there were no material future obligations of the Seller to the Company within acquisition-related costs. The employment
agreement is a two-year employment agreement that entitles the Seller to a six-month separation pay in the case of termination without
cause. The expense for the employment agreement is recognized ratably over the service period customary with other employment agreements
within selling, general, and administrative expense. 

The
Company granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock to the Sellers at the closing of the Avelead acquisition.
These options have a strike price of per share, the closing stock price on the trading date immediately preceding the closing. 
 options were awarded to one Seller that will vest, monthly, over a three year service period. The remaining options
were awarded to another Seller and vested immediately upon issuance. The Company utilized the Black-Scholes method to determine the grant-date
fair value of these options. The options have a grant-date fair value of approximately and are recorded in acquisition-related
cost in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The options have a grant-date fair value of approximately 
and are expensed over the vesting period within selling, general, and administrative expenses. 

Additionally,
the Company granted restricted stock awards (RSAs) to certain Avelead employees as of the closing date. 

months which coincides with the Company s underlying lease (see below). The Company
expects to receive from the sublessee over the term of the sublease. The sublease did not relieve the Company of its original
obligation under the lease, and therefore the Company did not adjust the operating lease right-of-use asset and related liability. The
Company incurred an amount of fees and expenses to enter into the Sublease Agreement that were recorded as acquisition-related
costs for fiscal 2021. As of January 31, 2023, the Company recorded as other income related to the sublease. 

The
Company entered into a lease for office space in Alpharetta, Georgia, on March 1, 2020. The lease expired on March 31, 2023. At inception,
the Company recorded a right-of use asset of , and related current and long-term operating lease obligation in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet. As of January 31, 2023, operating lease right-of use assets totaled , and the associated lease liability
of is included in current liabilities. The Company used a discount rate of to determine the lease liability. As of January
31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had lease operating costs of approximately and , respectively. The Company paid cash
of approximately and for the lease in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

Total lease payments 

Less present value adjustment 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Suwanee
Office Lease 

Upon
acquiring Avelead on August 16, 2021 (refer to Note 3 Business Combination and Divestiture), the Company assumed an operating
lease agreement for the corporate office space of Avelead. The 36-month term lease commenced March 1, 2019 and initially expired on . As of January 31, 2023, the Company recorded in rent expense. The lessor is an entity controlled by one of the Sellers
that is employed by the Company. In February 2022, the Company renewed the lease for twelve months. The Company made monthly lease payments
of for a total of over the term of the lease. The lease expired on February 28, 2023 and was not renewed. 

Deferred financing cost 

Total 

Less: Current portion 

Non-current portion of debt 

Debt
Modification 

On
November 29, 2022, the Company executed the Second Modification to the Second Amended and Restated Debt Agreement (the Second
Modification Debt Agreement ). The Second Modification Debt Agreement includes an expansion of the Company s total borrowing
to include a revolving line of credit. The revolving line of credit is co-terminus with the term loan and matures on August
26, 2026. There are no requirements to draw on the line of credit. Amounts outstanding under the line of credit portion of the Second
Modification Debt Agreement bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Prime Rate (as published in The Wall Street Journal) plus
 , with a Prime floor rate of . The Second Modification Debt Agreement amended the covenants. At January 31, 2023,
there was no outstanding balance on the revolving line of credit. 

Under
the Second Modification Debt Agreement, the Company has a term loan facility with an initial maximum principal amount of .
Amounts outstanding under the Second Modification Debt Agreement bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Prime Rate (as published
in The Wall Street Journal) plus , with a Prime floor rate of . 

The
Second Modification Debt Agreement includes customary financial covenants as follows: 

a. 
 Minimum
 Cash. 

b. 
 Maximum
 Debt to ARR Ratio. Borrowers Maximum Debt to ARR Ratio, measured on a quarterly basis as of the last day of each fiscal
 quarter, shall not be greater than the amount set forth under the heading Maximum Debt to ARR Ratio as of, and for
 each of the dates appearing adjacent to such Maximum Debt to ARR Ratio . 

to 
 
 January 31, 2023 
 to 
 
 April 30, 2023 
 to 
 
 July 31, 2023 
 to 
 
 October 31, 2023 
 to 
 
 January 31, 2024 
 to 

c. 
 Maximum
 Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio. Commencing with the quarter ending April 30, 2024, Borrowers Maximum Debt to Adjusted EBITDA
 Ratio, measured on a quarterly basis as of the last day of each fiscal quarter for the trailing four (4) quarter period then ended,
 shall not be greater than the amount set forth under the heading Maximum Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio as of, and for
 each of the dates appearing adjacent to such Maximum Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio . 

to 
 
 July 31, 2024 and on the last day of each quarter, thereafter 
 to 

d. 
 Fixed
 Charge Coverage Ratio . Commencing with the quarter ending April 30, 2024, Borrowers shall maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
 of not less than to , measured on a quarterly basis as of the last day of each fiscal quarter for the trailing four (4)
 quarter period then ended. 

The
Second Modification Debt Agreement also includes customary negative covenants, subject to exceptions, which limit transfers, capital
expenditures, indebtedness, certain liens, investments, acquisitions, dispositions of assets, restricted payments, and the business activities
of the Company, as well as customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default, including cross defaults
and a change of control default. The line of credit also is subject to customary prepayment requirements. For the period ended January
31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with the Second Modification Debt Agreement covenants. Substantially all the assets of the Company
are collateralized by the Second Modification Debt Agreement. 

The
Company recorded in deferred financing costs related to the Second Modification Debt Agreement. These deferred financing costs
are being amortized over the remaining term of the loan. The Company also incurred in financing costs at the earlier of the term
date of the loan, or pre-payment. These costs are being accreted, through interest expense, to the full value of the over the
remaining term of the loan. The full value of includes the costs incurred in connection with the Second Amended and
Restated Loan Agreement (see below). 

Term
Loan Agreement 

On
August 26, 2021, the Company and its subsidiaries entered into the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement with Bridge
Bank. Pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, Bridge Bank agreed to provide the Company and its subsidiaries
with a new term loan facility in the maximum principal amount of . Amounts outstanding under the term loan of the Second Amended
and Restated Loan and Security Agreement bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the Prime Rate (as published in The Wall Street Journal)
plus , with a Prime floor rate of . 

The
Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement has a five-year term, and the maximum principal amount was advanced in a single-cash
advance on or about the closing date. Interest accrued under the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement is due monthly,
and the Company shall make monthly interest-only payments through the one-year anniversary of the closing date. From the first anniversary
of the closing date through the maturity date, the Company shall make monthly payments of principal and interest that increase over the
term of the agreement. The Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement requires principal repayments on the anniversary date
of the closing of the debt agreement of in the second year, in the third year, in the fourth year, and
 in the fifth year, respectively, with the remaining outstanding principal balance and all accrued but unpaid interest due
in full on the maturity date. The Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement may also require early repayments if certain
conditions are met. 

The
Company recorded in deferred financing costs related to the Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement. These deferred
financing costs are being amortized over the term of the loan. The Company will also incur in financing costs at the earlier
of the term date of the loan, or pre-payment. These costs are being accreted, through interest expense, to the full value of the 
over the term of the loan. 

Term
Loan related to The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act 

The
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, also known as the CARES Act, was signed into law on March 17, 2020. Among other things,
the CARES Act provided for a business loan program known as the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). Qualifying companies
were able to borrow, through the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ), up to two months of payroll expenses. On April
21, 2020, the Company received approximately through the SBA under the PPP. These funds were utilized by the Company to fund
payroll expenses and avoid further staffing reductions during the slowdown resulting from COVID-19. 

The
PPP loan carried an interest rate of per annum. Principal and interest payments were due, beginning on the tenth month from the
effective date, sufficient to satisfy the loan on the second anniversary date. However, under certain criteria, the loan could be forgiven. 

In
June 2021, the Company was notified that the full of the PPP loan and accrued interest of had been forgiven. The loan
amount and accrued interest were recognized as an extinguishment of debt and has been recorded as other income on the consolidated statement
of operations. 

- years 

Internally Developed Software 
 years 

Trademarks and Tradenames 
 years 

Total 

January 31, 2022 

Estimated 
 
 Accumulated 

Useful Life 
 Gross Assets 
 Amortization 
 Net Assets 
 
 Finite-lived assets: 

Client relationships 
 - years 

Internally Developed Software 
 years 

Trademarks and Tradenames 
 years 

Total 

The
Company recognized amortization expense on intangible assets of and for fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

The
Company wrote-off fully amortized intangible assets during fiscal 2022 of . There was no impact to the consolidated statements
of operations as this eliminated the asset and accumulated amortization of the fully amortized intangible assets. 

Total current tax expense 

Deferred tax expense: 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred tax expense 

Total provision 

The
income tax expense differs from the amount computed using the federal statutory income tax rates of for fiscal 2022 and 2021 continuing
operations as follows: 

State and local tax expense, net of federal 

Increase in valuation allowance 

Permanent items: 

PPP loan 

Other 

Reserve for uncertain tax position 

Federal R D tax credit 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Income tax expense 

Deferred revenue 

Accruals 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Stock compensation expense 

Finite-lived intangible assets 

R D tax credit 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Finite-lived intangible liabilities 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

At
January 31, 2023, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carry forwards of and of these net operating
losses expire at various dates through fiscal 2038. The remaining of these net operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely
under the provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). The TCJA also eliminated the ability to carry back net operating losses. The
Company also had state net operating loss carry forwards of and Federal R D credit carry forwards of and Georgia
R D credit carry forwards of , all of which expire at various dates through fiscal 2042. 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. The Company established
a valuation allowance of and at January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in the valuation allowance
of was driven primarily by the Company s federal net operating losses. 

The
Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income taxes in multiple state and local jurisdictions.
The Company has concluded all U.S. federal tax matters for years through January 31, 2019. All material state and local income tax matters
have been concluded for years through January 31, 2018. The Company is no longer subject to IRS examination for periods prior to the
tax year ended January 31, 2019; however, carry forward losses that were generated prior to the tax year ended January 31, 2019 may still
be adjusted by the IRS if they are used in a future period. 

The
Company has recorded a reserve, including interest and penalties, for uncertain tax positions of and as of January
31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no accrued interest and penalties associated with unrecognized
tax benefits. 

Additions for tax positions for the current year 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 

Subtractions for tax positions of prior years 

End of fiscal year 

shares of common stock, par value 
per share, at a purchase price of per share. The gross proceeds to the Company from the 2022 Offering were approximately .
The Company intends to use the proceeds of the 2022 Offering for general corporate purposes. The 2022 Offering closed on October 26,
2022. 

On
February 25, 2021, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC, as the sole managing underwriter,
relating to the underwritten public offering of an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
per share, which included shares of common stock sold pursuant to the underwriter s exercise of an option to purchase
additional shares of common stock to cover over-allotments (the 2021 Offering ). The price to the public in the 2021 Offering
was per share of common stock. The gross proceeds to the Company from the 2021 Offering were approximately million , before
deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and estimated offering expenses. The 2021 Offering closed on March 2, 2021. 

Registration
of Shares Issued to 180 Consulting 

On
May 3, 2021, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-255723), which was subsequently amended on
June 23, 2021, for purposes of registering for resale shares of common stock issued to 180 Consulting, LLC 180 Consulting ).
The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on July 14, 2021. 

On
June 22, 2022, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-265773) for purposes of registering for resale
 shares of common stock issued to 180 Consulting, LLC 180 Consulting ). The Registration Statement was declared
effective by the SEC on July 1, 2022. 

Authorized
Shares Increase 

On
May 24, 2021, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to increase the total number of authorized shares of the Company s
common stock from shares
to shares
(the Charter Amendment ). The Charter Amendment was previously approved by the board of directors of the Company, subject
to stockholder approval, approved by the Company s stockholders at the 2021 Annual Meeting and ratified by the Company s
stockholders at the 2021 Special Meeting. 

Also at 
the 2021 Annual Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. Third
Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s common stock authorized for
issuance thereunder by 
shares, from 
shares to 
shares (the Third Amended 2013 Plan Amendment ). The Company s stockholders ratified the approval and effectiveness of the Third Amended 2013 Plan Amendment
at the 2021 Special Meeting. 

At
the 2022 Annual Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. Third Amended
and Restated 2013 Stock Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s common stock authorized for issuance thereunder
by shares, from shares to shares. The Company s stockholders also approved an amendment to the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to increase the total number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock from
 shares to shares. 

These clients accounted for 
and , respectively, of total continuing operations revenue for fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2021, . This client accounted for 15 of total continuing operations revenue for fiscal 2021.
Four clients represented , , and , respectively, of continuing operations accounts receivable as of January 31, 2023, and
three clients represented , , and , respectively, of continuing operations accounts receivable as of January 31, 2022. Many
of our clients are invoiced on an annual basis. 

and in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. The
options granted under the 2013 Plan have terms of ten years or less, and typically vest and become fully exercisable ratably over three
years of continuous service to the Company from the date of grant . At January 31, 2023 and 2022, options to purchase and 
shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, had been granted and were outstanding under these plans. There are no SARs
outstanding. 

Inducement
grants are approved by the Company s compensation committee pursuant to NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(4). The terms of the grants
were nearly identical to the terms and conditions of the Company s stock incentive plans in effect at the time of each inducement
grant. For the year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, with regard to inducement grants, no stock options were issued, no options expired,
no options were forfeited, and no stock options were exercised. As of January 31, 2023 and 2022, there were and options outstanding,
respectively, under inducement grants. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Forfeited 

Outstanding as of January 31, 2023 

Exercisable as of January 31, 2023 

Vested or expected to vest as of January 31, 2023 

No
options were granted in fiscal 2022. options were granted in fiscal 2021, with a weighted average grant date fair value of . 

years 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 

Weighted average volatility factor 

Dividend yield 

Forfeiture rate 

At
January 31, 2023, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-option awards. That cost is expected
to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. The expense associated with stock option awards was 
and , respectively, for fiscal 2022 and 2021. Cash received from the exercise of options was in fiscal 2022. No options
were exercised during fiscal 2021. 

The
2013 Plan contains change in control provisions whereby any outstanding equity awards under the plans subject to vesting, which have
not fully vested as of the date of the change in control, shall automatically vest and become immediately exercisable. One of the change
in control provisions is deemed to occur if there is a change in beneficial ownership, or authority to vote, directly or indirectly,
of securities representing or more of the total of all of the Company s then-outstanding voting securities, unless through
a transaction arranged by or consummated with the prior approval of the Board of Directors. Other change in control provisions relate
to mergers and acquisitions or a determination of change in control by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Restricted
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to grant restricted stock awards to associates and directors under the 2013 Plan. The Company has also issued restricted
stock as inducement grants to certain new employees. The restrictions on the shares granted generally lapse over a one- to four-year
term of continuous employment from the date of grant. On November 1, 2022, our CEO was awarded shares of restricted stock that
will vest in three substantially equal annual installments commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant. On May 20, 2022,
our CEO was awarded shares of restricted stock that will vest in three substantially equal annual installments commencing on
the first anniversary of the date of grant. On March 4, 2021, our CEO was awarded shares of restricted stock that will vest in
four substantially equal quarterly installments commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant. The grant date fair value per
share of restricted stock, which is based on the closing price of our common stock on the grant date, is expensed on a straight-line
basis as the restriction period lapses. The shares represented by restricted stock awards are considered outstanding at the grant date,
as the recipients are entitled to voting rights. A summary of restricted stock award activity for fiscal 2022 and 2021 is presented below: 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested balance at January 31, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Non-vested balance at January 31, 2023 

At
January 31, 2023, there was of unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock awards. That cost is expected to
be recognized over a remaining period of years. 

The
expense associated with restricted stock awards for associates and directors was and , respectively, for fiscal 2022
and 2021. 

shares for the year ended January 31, 2023 and has earned an aggregate of 
shares through January 31, 2023. For services rendered by 180 Consulting during fiscal 2022, the Company incurred fees of ,
and of capitalized non-employee stock compensation. In addition, on March 8, 2023, the Company issued to 180 Consulting an aggregate
of shares as compensation for services previously rendered during the three-months ended January 31, 2023. Such shares
were issued in a private placement in reliance on the exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act,
including Regulation D promulgated thereunder. For services rendered by 180 Consulting during fiscal 2021, the Company incurred fees
of . 

Inclusive
of the MSA executed with 180 Consulting are SOWs that provide for the Company to sublicense a software through 180 Consulting that
is owned by 121G. This is a services agreement for access to software that assists the Company in implementing and integrating with
our clients technology. The license agreement is designed such that there is no material financial benefit that accrues to
121G. 180 Consulting licenses the software from 121G at cost. The Company paid approximately 
and 
for the SOWs that include the sublicense agreement in each of the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which
are included in the aforementioned totals above. 

Litigation 

We
are, from time to time, a party to various legal proceedings and claims, which arise in the ordinary course of business. We are not aware
of any legal matters that are reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated results of operations,
financial position or cash flows. 

million, subject to certain adjustments for client prepayments as set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. 

At
closing, the Company received approximately million in net proceeds after (i) repaying the Company s million term loan
with Bridge Bank, (ii) adjusting for certain client prepayments, (iii) recording the escrow funds of and (iv) incurring certain
transaction costs. The gain on the sale of assets is summarized as follows: 

Net tangible assets sold: 

Accounts Receivable 

Prepaid Expenses 

Deferred Revenues 

Net tangible assets sold 

Capitalized software development costs 

Goodwill 

Transaction cost 

Gain on sale of discontinued operations 

The
transaction costs were primarily broker costs and costs of legal and accounting to effect the transaction. The Company allocated 
in goodwill to the sale of the ECM Assets using a valuation of the ECM Assets and the remaining, go-forward business, to bifurcate its
existing goodwill as of February 24, 2020. The amount of goodwill to be included in that carrying amount was based on the relative fair
values of the business to be disposed of and the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained using our fair value approach as
outlined in Note 2. Further, in accordance ASC 350-20-35-3A, when only a portion of goodwill is allocated to a business to be disposed
of, the remaining portion of the goodwill associated with the reporting unit to be retained was tested for impairment and no impairment
was recognized. 

Total revenues 

Expenses: 

Cost of Sales 

Transition service cost 

Total expenses 

Income from discontinued operations 

The
Company entered into an agreement with the Purchaser of the ECM Assets to maintain the current data center through a transition period.
The transition services did not have a finite ending date at the signing of the agreement. However, the transition services were completed
in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. 

in research
and development services provided by AscendTek. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, the Company incurred approximately 
in research and development services provided by AscendTek. The Company terminated its relationship with AscendTek during the third quarter
of fiscal 2022. Additionally, we assumed a lease for corporate office space from a Seller that is now employed by the Company. This lease
term ended February 2022 but was renewed for a term of 12 months through February 2023. For the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company
recorded rent expense of . See Note 4 Operating Leases. 

Year ended January 31, 2022: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

(1) 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
President and Chief Executive Officer (who serves as our principal executive officer) and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer (who serves as our principal financial officer) have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(c)) as of the end of the period covered by this Report (January 31, 2023). Based on that evaluation,
our President and Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of January 31, 2023. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, and under the
supervision of, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our
management and our Board of Directors to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or
that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

77 

An internal control material weakness is a
significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of January 31, 2023. In making the assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (1992) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
that occurred during the year ended January 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

We
have performed additional analyses and other procedures to enable management to conclude that our consolidated financial statements included
in this report fairly, in all material respects, our financial condition and results of operations as of the year ended January 31, 2023. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

78 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Information
regarding directors, executive officers and corporate governance will be set forth in the proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting,
which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report and is incorporated herein by
reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Information
regarding executive compensation will be set forth in the proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting, which will be filed with the SEC
within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Information
regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters will be set forth in the proxy
statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this
Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Directors Independence 

Information
regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence will be set forth in the proxy statement for our 2023
Annual Meeting, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is FORVIS, LLP (PCAOB Firm ID No. located in Atlanta, Georgia. Information regarding
principal accountant fees and services will be set forth in the proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting, which will be filed with
the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

79 

PART
IV 

(32) 
 Item
 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedule Covered by
 Reports of Registered Public Accounting Firms included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, 
 of this Report. See Index to Exhibits contained in this Report. 

(b)
Exhibits 

See
Index to Exhibits contained in this Report. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS 

EXHIBITS 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 17, 2019, by and among the Company, Streamline Health, Inc., and Hyland Software, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on December 18, 2019). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 7, 2020, by and among the Company, Streamline Health, Inc., and Hyland Software, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on January 7, 2020). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Unit Purchase Agreement, dated August 16, 2021, by and among Streamline Health Solutions, Inc., Avelead Consulting, LLC, Jawad Shaikh and Badar Shaikh (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 18, 2021). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. f/k/a/ LanVision Systems, Inc., as amended through August 19, 2014 (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on September 15, 2014). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on May 24, 2021). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on June 8, 2022). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc., as amended and restated through March 29, 2014 (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on April 3, 2014). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Common Stock Certificate of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form S-1, File Number 333-01494, as filed with the SEC on April 15, 1996). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 10.1# 
 
 Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. 1996 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated effective July 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-8, File Number 333-188763, as filed with the Commission on May 22, 2013). 
 
 10.2# 
 
 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on May 26, 2005). 
 
 10.2(a)# 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, as filed with the SEC on November 15, 2012). 
 
 10.2(b)# 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2(c) of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on October 20, 2020). 
 
 10.2(c)# 
 
 Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as filed with the SEC on April 22, 2019). 

80 

10.3# 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on May 24, 2021). 
 
 10.3(a)# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 25, 2014). 
 
 10.3(b)# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Executives (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 25, 2014). 
 
 10.3(c)# 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Executives (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 25, 2014). 
 
 10.3(d)# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 17, 2019, by and between the Company and Wyche T. Tee Green, III (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on October 18, 2019). 
 
 10.3(e) 
 
 Employment Agreement dated September 10, 2018 by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and Thomas J. Gibson (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on September 12, 2018). 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Employment Agreement dated February 5, 2020 by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and Randolph W. Salisbury (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on February 6, 2020). 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Employment Agreement dated August 1, 2019 by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and William G. Garvis (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 6, 2019). 
 
 10.6# 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2021, by and between Avelead Consulting, LLC and Jawad Shaikh (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 18, 2021). 
 
 10.7# 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and Jawad Shaikh, dated as of August 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 18, 2021). 
 
 10.8# 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and Badar Shaikh, dated as of August 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 18, 2021). 
 
 10.9# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for all directors and officers of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on June 7, 2006). 
 
 10.10# 
 
 Restricted Stock Agreement by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and Badar Shaikh, dated as of August 16, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 18, 2021). 
 
 10.11# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for all directors and officers of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on June 7, 2006). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of December 11, 2019 by and among Bridge Bank, a division of Western Alliance Bank, Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and Streamline Health, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on January 7, 2020). 
 
 10.12(a) 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 2, 2021 by and among Western Alliance Bank, Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and Streamline Health, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on March 2, 2021). 
 
 10.12(b) 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 26, 2021, by and among Streamline Health Solutions, Inc., Streamline Health, Inc., Streamline Pay Benefits, LLC, Streamline Consulting Solutions, LLC, Avelead Consulting, LLC and Western Alliance Bank (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 30, 2021. 
 
 10.12(c) 
 
 Waiver of Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 26, 2022, by and among the Company, Streamline Health, LLC, Streamline Pay Benefits, LLC, Avelead Consulting, LLC, Streamline Consulting Solutions, LLC and Western Alliance Bank (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed September 8, 2022). 
 
 10.12(d) 
 
 Second Modification to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 29, 2022, by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries party thereto, and Western Alliance Bank (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed December 5, 2022). 

81 

10.13 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 10, 2019, between the Company and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on October 11, 2019). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 10, 2019, between the Company and each of the several purchasers signatory thereto (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on October 11, 2019). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of October 24, 2022, by and among Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and the purchasers thereto (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed October 27, 2022). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Master Services and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2020, by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and 180 Consulting, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on March 25, 2020). 
 
 10.16(a) 
 
 Statement of Work #1 to the Master Services and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2020, by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and 180 Consulting, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on March 25, 2020). 
 
 10.16(b) 
 
 Statement of Work #2 to the Master Services and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2020, by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and 180 Consulting, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on March 25, 2020). 
 
 10.16(c) 
 
 Statement of Work #3 to the Master Services and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2020, by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and 180 Consulting, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on March 25, 2020). 
 
 10.16(d) 
 
 Statement of Work #4 to the Master Services and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2020, by and between Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and 180 Consulting, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on September 10, 2020). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Sublease Agreement (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as filed with the SEC on June 11, 2020). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - FORVIS, LLP 
 
 24 
 
 Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101 
 
 The
 following financial information from Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
 January 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on April 27, 2023, formatted in XBRL includes: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at January 31,
 2023 and 2022, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the two years ended January 31, 2023, (iii) Consolidated Statements
 of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the two years ended January 31, 2023, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
 the two years ended January 31, 2023, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

# 
 Management
 Contracts and Compensatory Arrangements. 

Our
 SEC file number reference for documents filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act, is 000-28132. 

82 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

STREAMLINE
 HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 

By: 
 /S/
 WYCHE T. TEE GREEN, III 

Wyche
 T. Tee Green, III 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Wyche T. Tee Green, III and Thomas J. Gibson, and
each of them, his attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities,
to sign this annual report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and all intents and purposes as he might
or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or his or their substitute
or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

DATE:
April 27, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

/S/
 WYCHE T. TEE GREEN, III 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 April
 27,2023 
 
 Wyche
 T. Tee Green, III 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 JONATHAN R. PHILLIPS 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 27,2023 
 
 Jonathan
 R. Phillips 

/s/
 JUSTIN FERAYORNI 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 27,2023 
 
 Justin
 Ferayorni 

/s/
 JUDITH E. STARKEY 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 27,2023 
 
 Judith
 E. Starkey 

/s/
 KENAN H. LUCAS 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 27,2023 
 
 Kenan
 H. Lucas 

/s/
 THOMAS J. GIBSON 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 April
 27,2023 
 
 Thomas
 J. Gibson 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

83 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 ex4-2.htm

Exhibit
4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Streamline
Health Solutions, Inc. (the Company, we, our, and us has authority to issue
90,000,000 shares of all classes of stock, consisting of 85,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common
Stock ), and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock ). The following
summary describes the Common Stock of the Company, which is the only class of securities of the Company registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

The
following description is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to
(i) our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended through June 7, 2022 (as so amended, the Certificate of Incorporation ),
and (ii) our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended and restated through March 28, 2014 (as so amended, the Bylaws ), each
of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. We encourage
you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ),
for additional information. 

Common
Stock 

Voting.
 Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share for the election of directors and on all other matters that require stockholder
approval, subject in all cases to the rights of any outstanding Preferred Stock, if any. Holders of our Common Stock do not have cumulative
voting rights. 

Our
Bylaws provide that the holders of a majority of all of the shares of our capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares of our
capital stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of
the stockholders, unless the question is one upon which by express provisions of an applicable law, our Certificate of Incorporation
or our Bylaws a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question.
Our Bylaws provide that, when a quorum is present at a meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected, directors are elected
by a plurality of the votes of the shares of capital stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote
on the election of directors. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than 66
2/3 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote upon the election of directors shall be required to effect: (1) an amendment
to the Certificate of Incorporation, (2) a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation, or the sale or transfer
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to another entity; or (3) the removal of a member of the Board of Directors. 

Dividends
and Other Distributions. Subject to the rights of holders of any then outstanding shares of our Preferred Stock, our holders of Common
Stock are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors from funds legally available
therefor. We do not currently pay cash dividends on our Common Stock, and we currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in
our business. Any future determination as to the declaration of dividends on our Common Stock will be made at the discretion of the Board
of Directors and will depend on our earnings, operating and financial condition, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant
by the Board of Directors, including the applicable requirements of the DGCL, which provides that dividends are payable only out of surplus
or net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. The payment of dividends on our
Common Stock may be restricted by the provisions of credit agreements or other financing documents that we may enter into or the terms
of securities that we may issue from time to time. 

Merger,
Consolidation or Sale of Assets. Subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding Preferred Stock, if any, holders of our Common
Stock shall be entitled to receive all cash, securities and other property received by us pro rata on the basis of the number of shares
of Common Stock held by each of them in any of the following situations: (1) our merger or consolidation with or into another corporation
in which we do not survive, (2) the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our assets to another entity or (3) a merger or consolidation
in which we are the surviving entity but the Common Stock shall be exchanged for stock, securities or property of another entity. 

Distribution
on Dissolution. After payment or provision for all liabilities, and subject to any preferential rights of any outstanding Preferred
Stock, if any, in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive a portion
of the remaining funds to be distributed. Such funds shall be paid to the holders of our Common Stock pro rata on the basis of the number
of shares of Common Stock held by each of them. 

Other
Rights. The shares of our Common Stock are not subject to any redemption provisions and are not convertible. Holders of our Common
Stock do not have any preemptive rights enabling such holders to purchase, subscribe for or receive shares of any class of our Common
Stock or any other securities convertible into shares of any class of our Common Stock or any redemption rights. Holders of Common Stock
have no sinking fund rights. 

All
outstanding shares of our Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. All shares of Common Stock have equal rights and preferences. 

The
rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, those of the holders
of Preferred Stock, and will be subject to those of the holders of any shares of our Preferred Stock that we may issue in the future.
As of April 28, 2022, we had no shares of Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Listing 

Our
Common Stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol STRM. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Computershare Inc., 250 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 02021. 

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Law and Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

Delaware
Anti-Takeover Law. We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Section 203 generally prohibits a public Delaware corporation from
engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date
of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior
 to the date of such business combination, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the
 transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon
 consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
 owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes
 of determining the number of shares outstanding (a) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers of the corporation
 and (b) shares issued under employee stock plans under which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially
 whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on
 or subsequent to the date of such business combination, the business combination is approved by the board of directors of the corporation
 and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66
 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Section
203 defines a business combination to include: 

any
 merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder or any merger or consolidation involving the corporation
 and another entity that is caused by the interested stockholder; 

any
 sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition involving the interested stockholder of 10 or more of the
 assets of the corporation; 

subject
 to exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the
 interested stockholder; 

any
 transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of its stock owned by the interested
 stockholder; or 

any
 receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided
 by or through the corporation. 

In
general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting
stock of the corporation and any affiliate or associate of such entity or person. 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may delay or discourage transactions
involving an actual or potential change in our control or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might
otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests.
Therefore, these provisions could adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. Among other things, our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws: 

permit
 our Board of Directors to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, with such designations, powers, preferences and rights
 as our Board of Directors may authorize (including the right to approve an acquisition or other change in control); 

provide
 that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by the Board of Directors; 

provide
 that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative
 vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; and 

do
 not provide for cumulative voting rights (therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of capital stock entitled to
 vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose). 

The
amendment or repeal of any of these provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation would require approval of holders of not less than
66 2/3 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote upon the election of directors. Our Bylaws may be amended by an affirmative
vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

STREAMLINE
HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF STREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 

Name 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 Owned 
 
 Streamline Health, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 
 
 Avelead Consulting, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 
 
 Streamline Consulting, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 
 
 Streamline Pay Benefits, LLC 
 Delaware 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Forms S-3 (Nos. 333-233727, 333-234567, 333-255723, 333-265773 and 333-267187) and Forms S-8 (Nos. 333-188764,
333-208752, 333-220953, 333-233728, 333-258445 and 333-265774) of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries of our report
dated April 27, 2023, with respect to our audit of the consolidated balance sheet of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries
as of January 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for
the year then ended, and the related financial statement schedule, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 

Atlanta, Georgia 

 April 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

STREAMLINE
HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Wyche T. Tee Green, certify that: 

I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. 

Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report. 

Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer and I: 

are responsible for establishing
 and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant; 

designed such disclosure
 control and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

designed such internal
 controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case on an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

all significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

April 27, 2023 
 /S/
 WYCHE T. TEE GREEN, III 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

STREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Thomas J. Gibson, certify that: 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of
Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and
I: 

are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant; 

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case on an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

April 27, 2023 
 /s/ THOMAS J. GIBSON 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

STREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Wyche T. Tee 
Green, Chief Executive Officer and President of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

The annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended January 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 

The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/S/ WYCHE T. TEE GREEN, III 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

April 27, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

STREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS, INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Thomas J. Gibson, Chief Financial
Officer of Streamline Health Solutions, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

The annual report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended January 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and 

The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ THOMAS J. GIBSON 

Chief Financial Officer 

April 27, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 strm-20230131.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 strm-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 strm-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 strm-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

