<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230501_10-K_edgar_data_1831964_0001213900-23-034032.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5216413</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>758975</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1026086</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1156410</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1112583</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1025508</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-034032.hdr.sgml : 20230501
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230428175329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-034032
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230501
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230428

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001831964
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981566660
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39970
		FILM NUMBER:		23868857

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4001 KENNETT PIKE, SUITE 302
		CITY:			WILMIINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19807
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(302) 338-9130

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4001 KENNETT PIKE, SUITE 302
		CITY:			WILMIINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19807

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Noble Rock Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-034032.txt : 20230501

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_northernrev.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
________________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

001-39970 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant NRACU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 NRACW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by
persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the ordinary shares on June
30, 2022, as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market, was (based on the closing sales price of the Class A ordinary shares
on June 30, 2022 of 9.82). 

As of April 27, 2023, there were of the Registrant s Class
A ordinary shares and one share of the Registrant s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended
December 31, 2022 

part I 

1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 11 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 38 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 
 3 8 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 38 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 38 
 
 Part II 
 
 39 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 
 
 39 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 40 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 
 
 40 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 48 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 
 
 48 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure 
 
 48 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls And Procedures 
 
 49 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 49 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 
 49 
 
 Part III 
 
 50 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers And Corporate Governance 
 
 50 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 56 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 57 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director Independence 
 
 58 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees And Services 
 
 60 
 
 Part IV 
 
 61 
 
 ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits And Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 61 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 62 

i 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. This includes, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and
objectives of management for future operations. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking
statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations,
hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

our being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues; 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination (as defined below); 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors
following our Initial Business Combination; 

our directors and officers allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
of interest with our business or in approving our Initial Business Combination; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our Initial Business Combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses in the technology industry and the effects on these sectors
of broader economic trends, including the effects of the ongoing COVID -19 pandemic; 

the ability of our directors and officers to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

the delisting of our securities from Nasdaq or an inability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq following
a business combination; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

our ability to consummate an Initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19
pandemic; 

the ability of our directors and officers to generate potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest
income on the Trust Account balance; 

the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance; and 

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

part I 

References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
(this Annual Report to we, us, our, NRAC or the Company 
are to Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation (formerly known as Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation), a blank check company incorporated
as a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers
and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Northern Revival Acquisition Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited
liability company. References to our initial shareholders refer to our Sponsor. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated
in November 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses that we have not yet identified
(the Initial Business Combination ). We have not entered into a definitive agreements with any specific Initial Business
Combination target. 

While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity
in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries that complement our management team s
background and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify, acquire and operate a business in the software and tech-enabled
services sectors. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses with an aggregate enterprise value between 750 million and 3 billion. 

Our registration statement for our initial public
offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 1, 2021. On February 4, 2021, we consummated our
Initial Public Offering of 24,150,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the
Units offered, the Public Shares ), including 3,150,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment
Units ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 241.5 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 14.4 million,
inclusive of approximately 9.1 million for deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the private placement (the Private Placement of 4,553,334 warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant
with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 6.8 million. 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement, 241.5 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds
of the Private Placement were placed in a Trust Account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of an Initial Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of
the Trust Account as described below. 

Our management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating an Initial Business Combination. Our Initial Business
Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held
in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any
deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time we sign a definitive agreement in
connection with the Initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete an Initial Business Combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

1 

We consummated our Initial Public Offering on February
4, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from November 4, 2020 (inception) through
December 31, 2022 related to our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and since the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective
Initial Business Combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived
from the Initial Public Offering. 

We will provide the holders of our Public Shares
(the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of
an Initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Initial Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of our Initial Business Combination or
conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares
for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be 10.00 per share, plus any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount
to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the
Company will pay to the underwriters. 

If we are unable to complete an Initial Business
Combination prior to September 4, 2023 (the Combination Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Recent Developments 

Proposed Business Combination 

On March 20, 2023, we entered into a Business Combination
Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with our Sponsor, Braiin Limited, an Australian public company limited by
shares Braiin ), and certain Braiin shareholders (the Braiin Supporting Shareholders who collectively own
100 of the outstanding ordinary shares of Braiin (the Braiin Shares ). Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination
Agreement, a business combination between NRAC and Braiin (the Business Combination will be effected as a share exchange
in which Braiin shareholders exchange 100 of their Braiin Shares for a pro rata portion of Class A Ordinary Shares, par value 0.0001
per share, of NRAC (the Class A Ordinary Shares with an aggregate value of 190 million (the Share Exchange ).
The number of shares to be issued will be based upon a per share value of 10.00. The aggregate value is subject to adjustment up or down
based upon certain indebtedness and cash on hand of Braiin as set forth in its audited financial statements. Prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination, Braiin will acquire PowerTec Holdings Ltd., an Australian distributor that supplies connectivity solutions
to individuals and businesses around the world. PowerTec ). Following the Share Exchange, Braiin will continue as a subsidiary
of the Company, and the Company will change its name to Braiin Holdings. We refer to NRAC after giving effect to the Business
Combination, as New Braiin. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, NRAC and Braiin entered into separate support agreements with the Braiin Supporting Shareholders and the Sponsor
pursuant to which the Braiin Supporting Shareholders and the Sponsor have agreed to vote their Braiin shares and NRAC shares, respectively,
in favor of the Business Combination and against any competing acquisition proposal, and not to solicit any competing acquisition proposal.
In addition, the Sponsor has agreed to surrender 1,500,000 NRAC founder shares immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination
(the Closing and to waive: (i) redemption rights with respect to its NRAC shares in connection with the Business Combination,
and (ii) the right to have any working capital loans extended to NRAC converted into warrants. 

In connection with the Business Combination, on
March 16, 2023, NRAC and Braiin entered into an OTC Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction agreement (the Forward Purchase Agreement with certain funds managed by Meteora Capital, LLC, an investor in the Sponsor (the Meteora Funds ). 

2 

Shareholder Meeting 

On January 27, 2023, we held an extraordinary general
meeting of shareholders where the shareholders approved a special resolution to amend our Amended andRestated Memorandum and Articles
of Association (the Extension Amendment to extend the date by which the company may either (i) consummate a merger, shareexchange,
asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination, from February 4, 2023 to September 4, 2023 (such later
date, the extended date or such earlier date as determined by the board or (ii) cease its operations, except for the purpose
of winding up if it fails to complete an initial businesscombination, and (iii) redeem all of the Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share, of the company, included as part of the units sold in the company s InitialPublic Offering that was consummated on February
4, 2021 from February 4, 2023 to September 4, 2023 or such earlier date as determined by the board. 

On March 16, 2023, we held an extraordinary general
meeting of shareholders where the shareholders approved: (i) a special resolution, to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association (the charter to change the name of the company from Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation to Northern Revival
Acquisition Corporation (the Name Change Proposal and (ii) a special resolution, to amend the charter to change certain
provisions which restrict our Class B ordinary shares from converting to Class A ordinary shares prior to the closing of the business
combination (the Conversion Proposal ). On February 9, 2023, certain officers and directors of the company resigned, a new
management team was appointed and we agreed to change our name in connection with these changes. The purpose of the Name Change Proposal
was to amend the name of the company accordingly. The purpose of the Conversion Proposal was to remove restrictions contained in the charter
in order to permit the Class B ordinary shares to convert into Class A ordinary shares prior to the closing of the business combination
which will enable the company to meet certain Nasdaq listing requirements. The holders of such shares will continue to be subject to the
same restrictions as the Class B ordinary shares before any conversion, including, among others, certain transfer restrictions, waiver
of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of a business combination as described in the prospectus for our initial public
offering. 

In connection with the solicitation of proxies in connection with the Extension
Amendment, holders of 21,240,830 Class A ordinary shares of our then24,150,000 Class A ordinary shares outstanding with redemption rights,
elected to redeem their shares at a per share redemption price of approximately 10.17. In connection with the solicitation of proxies
in connection with the Conversion Proposal, holders of 433,699 Class A ordinary shares of our then-outstanding 8,946,670 Class A ordinary
shares outstanding with redemption rights, elected to redeem their shares at a per share redemption price of approximately 10.33. On
March 28, 2023, the Company elected to permit one shareholder, at the shareholder s request, to reverse their redemption as to 5,000
Class A ordinary shares, resulting in a total of 428,699 redemptions in connection with the solicitation of proxies in connection with
the Conversion Proposal. On April 5, 2023, the Sponsor elected to convert 6,037,499 Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares.
Following such meetings and the redemptions related thereto and the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, there are a total of 8,517,970
Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, and (ii) one Class B ordinary shares As of April 27, 2023 there was a total of approximately
 25.8 million held in the trust account. 

As previously disclosed in connection with the
solicitation of proxies for the Extension Proposal, the Sponsor has indicated that, it will contribute to theCompany as a loan (each
loan being referred to herein as a contribution the lesser of (i) 100,000 and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to
 0.055 multiplied by thenumber of public shares of the Company that are not redeemed, for each month commencing on February 4, 2023
and on or prior to the fourth day of each subsequentmonth, if applicable (each such month period an extension period) until
the earlier of (x) the date of the extraordinary general meeting held in connection with ashareholder vote to approve an Initial
Business Combination (y) the extended date and (z) the date that the board determines in its sole discretion to no longer seek
anInitial Business Combination. Each contribution will be deposited in the trust account within three business days of the beginning
of the extended period which suchcontribution is for. The contributions will be repayable by the company to the Sponsor upon
consummation of an Initial Business Combination. The Company s board ofdirectors will have the sole discretion whether to
continue extending for additional extension periods, and if the board determines not to continue extending for additionalmonths, the
additional contributions will terminate. If this occurs, the Company would wind up the Company s affairs and redeem 100 of
the outstanding public sharesin accordance with the procedures set forth in the company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association Charter ). The Sponsor contributed to the Company as a loan the first, second and third deposits of 100,000 each into the Trust Account on February
4, 2023, March 4, 2023 and April 4, 2023. 

Nasdaq Letter 

On April 4, 2023, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC notifying the Company
that for the last 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the letter, the Company s Minimum Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS was less than 35.0 million, which does not meet the requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market,
as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS Rule ). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), Nasdaq
has provided the Company with 180 calendar days, or until October 3, 2023, to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule. The MVLS Notice has
no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Our Sponsor, the holder of our Class B ordinary shares, agreed to convert 6,037,499 of its Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary
shares which the Company believes will allow it to regain compliance with the MVLS requirement. On a pro forma basis, based on the closing
stock price of the Class A ordinary shares on April 4, 2023 of 10.27, this conversion would increase the MVLS by approximately 62 million.
In order for the Company to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule, the Company s MVLS must equal or exceed 35.0 million for at least
10 consecutive trading days however and Nasdaq must provide written confirmation to the Company to close the matter. 

In the event the Company does not regain compliance with the MVLS Rule prior to the expiration of the compliance period, it will receive
written notification that its securities are subject to delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal the delisting determination to
a Hearings Panel. 

3 

Business Combination Agreement 

On March 20, 2023, we entered into the Business
Combination Agreement with our Sponsor, Braiin and the Braiin Supporting Shareholders who collectively own 100 of the outstanding ordinary
shares of Braiin. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, a business combination between NRAC and Braiin will be
effected as a share exchange in which Braiin shareholders exchange 100 of their Braiin Shares for a pro rata portion of Class A Ordinary
Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of NRAC with an aggregate value of 190 million. The number of shares to be issued will be based
upon a per share value of 10.00. The aggregate value is subject to adjustment up or down based upon certain indebtedness and cash on
hand of Braiin as set forth in its audited financial statements. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, Braiin will acquire
PowerTec, an Australian distributor that supplies connectivity solutions to individuals and businesses around the world. Following the
Share Exchange, Braiin will continue as a subsidiary of the Company, and the Company will change its name to Braiin Holdings. 
We refer to NRAC after giving effect to the Business Combination, as New Braiin. 

Capitalized terms used below but not otherwise defined herein have
the meanings given to them in the Business Combination Agreement, a copy of which is filed with this Form 10-K as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Merger Consideration 

The total consideration to be paid at Closing by
NRAC to Braiin security holders (the Exchange Shares will be payable in Class A Ordinary Shares valued at 190 million,
minus (ii) the indebtedness (excluding Indebtedness under any Company Convertible Security that will be converted into Company Shares
prior to or at the Closing) of the Company as of the date hereof, plus (iii) cash and cash equivalents of the Company and its Subsidiaries
as of the date of the Business Combination Agreement. Such amounts shall be initially calculated based upon the consolidated financial
statements prepared by management but will be adjusted on a dollar for dollar basis by the amount that the Audited Financial Statements
differ from such amounts. (the Equity Value ). For purposes of determining the number of Exchange Shares to be issued, the
Class A Ordinary Shares will be valued at 10.00 per share. 

Treatment of Braiin Convertible Securities 

Each convertible note and simple agreement for
future equity of Braiin, and approximately 2,057,000 Braiin Shares issuable as consideration for Braiin s purchase of PowerTec (which
will not exceed 9.9 of New Braiin shares), will convert prior to the Effective Time into Braiin Shares in accordance with the agreements
governing such securities, and all such holders will grant a full release to New Braiin of all claims in connection with the underlying
agreements and will be entitled to their pro rata share of the Exchange Shares. 

NRAC Warrants 

At the Closing, New Braiin will pay the Sponsor
 2.5 million to purchase all outstanding Private Placement Warrants. 

Post-Closing Board of Directors 

Immediately following the Closing, New Braiin s
board of directors will consist of five members designated by Braiin, a majority of whom shall be independent directors for purposes of
Nasdaq listing rules. 

Registration Statement and Stockholder Approval 

NRAC and Braiin will prepare, and NRAC will file
with the SEC, a Registration Statement on Form F-4 and proxy statement (the Registration Statement for the purpose of soliciting
proxies from holders of NRAC Class A Ordinary Shares sufficient to obtain shareholder approval for the Business Combination Agreement,
the Share Exchange and the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement at a general meeting of NRAC shareholders,
which will be called and held for such purpose (the Shareholder Meeting ). The Business Combination requires approval by
a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the NRAC ordinary shares
who, being present in person (including virtually) or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Shareholder Meeting, vote at the
Shareholder Meeting. 

4 

Representations, Warranties and Covenants 

The Business Combination Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants with respect to, among other things, operation of their respective businesses prior to consummation
of the Business Combination and efforts to satisfy conditions to consummation of the Business Combination. The Business Combination Agreement
also contains additional covenants of the parties, including, among others, with respect to provision of information, cooperation in the
preparation of the Registration Statement and to identify additional sources of third-party financing sources in the form of debt or equity
investments Transaction Financing ). 

NRAC Incentive Plan 

NRAC has agreed to adopt an incentive plan (the
 Equity Incentive Plan to be developed in consultation with Braiin and third-party advisors with market-based metrics and
customary terms for incentive plans of similarly situated public companies. 

Non-Solicitation Restrictions 

Each of NRAC, Braiin and the Braiin Supporting
Shareholders has agreed to not to directly or indirectly take any action to solicit, initiate continue, or encourage a Business Combination
Proposal (as such term is defined in the Business Combination Agreement). 

Conditions to Closing 

The consummation of the Business Combination is
conditioned upon, among other things, (i) the absence of any governmental or court order, determination or injunction enjoining or prohibiting
the Business Combination and related transactions, (ii) effectiveness of the Registration Statement and completion of the Shareholder
Meeting, including any associated redemptions by NRAC shareholders, (iii) NRAC having at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets (determined
in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act) after all redemptions, (iv) approval of the Business Combination and related
transactions at the Shareholder Meeting, (v) the Share Consideration being approved for listing on Nasdaq, and (vi) all necessary regulatory
approvals being obtained. 

Solely with respect to NRAC s obligations,
the consummation of the Business Combination and related transactions is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) Braiin s representations
and warranties being true and correct in all material respects (except where failure, individually and in the aggregate, would not have
a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement)), (ii) Braiin having complied with all of its covenants in
all material respects, (iii) Braiin and certain Braiin Shareholders having executed and delivered the Company Shareholder Lock-Up Agreements
(as defined below), (iv) Braiin having acquired PowerTec and transferred all intellectual property and other assets used in its business
within its corporate structure, (v) all Braiin shareholders having agreed to exchange their Braiin shares for New Braiin shares in the
Share Exchange, and (vi) no Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) having occurred to Braiin or its
subsidiaries. 

Solely with respect to Braiin s obligations,
the consummation of the Business Combination and related transactions is conditioned upon, among other things, (i) NRAC s representations
and warranties being true and correct in all material respects (except where failure, individually and in the aggregate, would not have
a Material Adverse Effect), (ii) NRAC having complied with all of its covenants in all material respects, (iii) NRAC and the Sponsor having
executed and delivered the Company Shareholder Lock-Up Agreements, and (iv) NRAC having, immediately after the closing of the Business
Combination, at least 15 million available from the trust account established in connection with NRAC s Initial Public Offering
(the Trust Account and any Transaction Financing, but after paying expenses of NRAC and Braiin and any redemption payments
due to shareholders who elect to redeem their NRAC Class A Ordinary Shares. 

Termination 

The Business Combination Agreement may be terminated
at any time by mutual consent or: (i) by either party if: (A) NRAC s shareholders do not approve the Business Combination Agreement
at the Shareholder Meeting, or (B) the Business Combination is permanently enjoined by a final, non-appealable governmental order or law,
(ii) by NRAC if: (A) there is any breach that would prevent Braiin from satisfying NRAC s closing conditions that Braiin cannot
cure within thirty days, (B) if the closing has not occurred by September 4, 2023, (iii) by Braiin if: (A) there is any breach that would
prevent NRAC from satisfying Braiin s closing conditions that NRAC cannot cure within thirty days, or (B) if NRAC gives notice of
a breach and the closing does not occur by the end of the cure period. If the Business Combination is not consummated by September 4,
2023 (except in the case of termination by either party due to the other s breach): (i) Braiin will pay NRAC up to 700,000 in certain
expenses if NRAC has satisfied all closing conditions and is ready, willing and able to consummate the Business Combination, or (ii) NRAC
will pay 50 of certain Braiin expenses, but up to a maximum of 700,000, if Braiin has satisfied all closing conditions and is ready,
willing and able to consummate the Business Combination. 

The Business Combination Agreement and the other
agreements described below have been included to provide investors with information regarding their respective terms. They are not intended
to provide any other factual information about NRAC, Braiin or the other parties thereto. In particular, the assertions embodied in the
representations and warranties in the Business Combination Agreement were made as of a specified date, are modified or qualified by information
in one or more disclosure schedules prepared in connection with the execution and delivery of the Business Combination Agreement, may
be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might be viewed as material to investors, or may have been used
for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Business Combination Agreement
are not necessarily characterizations of the actual state of facts about NRAC, Braiin or the other parties thereto at the time they were
made or otherwise and should only be read in conjunction with the other information that NRAC makes publicly available in reports, statements
and other documents filed with the SEC. NRAC and Braiin investors and securityholders are not third-party beneficiaries under the Business
Combination Agreement. 

5 

Certain Related Agreements 

Sponsor Support Agreement and Share Surrender 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, NRAC and Braiin entered into a support agreement with the Sponsor (the Sponsor Support Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor has agreed to vote its NRAC ordinary shares and its Private Placement Warrants in favor of the Business
Combination and against any competing acquisition proposal, and not to solicit any competing acquisition proposal. In addition, the Sponsor
has agreed to surrender 1,500,000 NRAC Class B Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Effective Time and to waive: (i) redemption rights
with respect to its NRAC shares in connection with the Business Combination, and (ii) the right to have any working capital loans extended
to NRAC converted into warrants. 

Company Shareholder Support Agreements 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, NRAC and Braiin entered into a support agreement with the Braiin Supporting Shareholders (the Company Shareholder
Support Agreement pursuant to which the Braiin Supporting Shareholders have agreed to vote their Braiin shares in favor of the
Business Combination and against any competing acquisition proposal, and not to solicit any competing acquisition proposal. 

Company Shareholder Lock-Up Agreement 

At the Closing, NRAC, Braiin and certain Braiin
shareholders will enter into a series of Lock-Up Agreements (the Company Shareholder Lock-Up Agreements pursuant to which
the shareholders will agree not to sell or transfer any New Braiin shares or securities exercisable for or convertible into New Braiin
shares (the Lock-Up Shares for a period extending from the closing until the earlier of (i) six months after the closing,
(ii) the time, 150 days or more after the closing, that the last sale price of New Braiin is at least 12.00 for any 20 trading days within
a 30-trading-day period, and (iii) the liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in
all of New Braiin s shareholders have the right to exchange their New Braiin shares for cash, securities or other property (the
 Lock-Up ). 

Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 

At the Closing, NRAC, Braiin, the Sponsor and certain
Braiin shareholders will enter into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the Amended and Restated Registration
Rights Agreement with respect to the resale of shares of New Braiin held, or acquired before or pursuant to the Share Exchange
by the Sponsor and such shareholders Holders ). The Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement amends and restates
the registration rights agreement dated February 1, 2021 entered into in connection with the NRAC Initial Public Offering. Subject to
the Lock-Up, New Braiin will file a registration statement to register the public resale of the Holders shares as soon as reasonably
practicable, but in any event within 30 calendar days following the consummation of the Business Combination. In addition, subject to
certain requirements and customary conditions, including with regard to when requests may be made, the Holders may request to sell all
or any portion of their registrable securities in an underwritten offering so long as the total offering price is reasonably expected
to exceed, in the aggregate, 10 million or includes all of the remaining shares held by the requesting Holder. In addition, Holders will
have certain demand and piggy-back registration rights that require New Braiin to separately register the
resale of their shares or to include such securities in registration statements that New Braiin otherwise files, respectively, subject
to certain requirements and customary conditions. The Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement does not contain liquidated damages
provisions or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering New Braiin s securities. New Braiin will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Forward Purchase Agreement 

In connection with the Business Combination NRAC,
Braiin and (i) Meteora Special Opportunity Fund I, LP, (ii) Meteora Capital Partners, LP and (iii) Meteora Select Trading Opportunities
Master, LP (collectively, Meteora entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement (the Forward Purchase Agreement ).
Entities and funds managed by Meteora own equity interests in the Sponsor. 

The Forward Purchase Agreement was entered into
on March 16, 2023, prior to the signing and announcement of the Business Combination Agreement. Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement,
Meteora has agreed to make purchases of Class A Ordinary Shares of NRAC: (a) in open-market purchases through a broker after the date
of NRAC s redemption deadline in connection with the vote of NRAC shareholders to approve the Business Combination from holders
of Class A Ordinary Shares of NRAC, including those who elect to redeem Class A Ordinary Shares and subsequently revoked their prior elections
to redeem (the Recycled Shares and (b) directly from NRAC, newly-issued Class A Ordinary Shares of NRAC (the Additional
Shares and, together with the Recycled Shares, the Subject Shares ). The aggregate total Subject Shares will be up
to 2,900,000 (but not more than 9.9 of NRAC s Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding on a post-transaction basis) (the Maximum
Number of Shares ). Meteora has agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any Subject Shares in connection with the
Business Combination. 

6 

The Forward Purchase Agreement provides that no
later than the earlier of (a) one business day after the closing of the Business Combination and (b) the date any assets from NRAC s
trust account are disbursed in connection with the Business Combination, the Combined Company will pay to Meteora, out of funds held in
its Trust Account, an amount (the Prepayment Amount equal to (x) the per-share redemption price (the Initial Price multiplied by (y) the number of Recycled Shares on the date of such prepayment less the Prepayment Shortfall. The Prepayment Shortfall
is equal to the lesser of (i) ten percent of the product of (x) the Number of NRAC Class A Ordinary Shares multiplied by (y) the Initial
Price and (ii) 3,000,000. 

Meteora may, at its discretion and at any time
following the closing of the Business Combination, provide an Optional Early Termination notice OET Notice and pay to
the Combined Company the product of the Reset Price and the number of NRAC s Class A Ordinary Shares listed on the
OET Notice. The Reset Price shall initially equal the Initial Price but shall be adjusted on the first scheduled trading date of each
two-week period commencing on the first week following the 30th day after the closing of the Business Combination to the lowest of (i)
the current Reset Price, (ii) the Initial Price and (iii) the volume weighted average price VWAP of NRAC s Class
A Ordinary Shares of the prior two week period. 

The Forward Purchase Agreement matures on the earlier
to occur of (a) three years after the closing of the Business Combination, (b) the date specified by Meteora in a written notice delivered
at Meteora s discretion if (i) the VWAP of NRAC s Class A Ordinary Shares during 10 out of 30 consecutive trading days is
at or below 5.00 per Share, or (ii) the Shares are delisted from a national securities exchange. At maturity, Meteora will be entitled
to receive maturity consideration in cash or shares. The maturity consideration will equal the product of (1) (a) the Number of NRAC Class
A Ordinary Shares less (b) the number of Terminated Shares, multiplied by (2) 1.50 in the event of cash or, in the event of NRAC Class
A Ordinary Shares, 2.00; and 2.50, solely in the event of a registration failure. 

The Forward Purchase Agreement has been structured,
and all activity in connection with such agreement has been undertaken, to comply with the requirements of all tender offer regulations
applicable to the Business Combination, including Rule 14e-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

The Forward Purchase Agreement may be terminated
by any of the parties thereto if the Business Combination Agreement is terminated pursuant to its terms prior to the closing of the Business
Combination. 

NRAC has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless
Meteora, its affiliates, assignees and other parties described therein (the Indemnified Parties from and against all losses,
claims, damages and liabilities under the Forward Purchase Agreement (excluding liabilities relating to the manner in which Meteora sells
any shares it owns) and reimburse the Indemnified Parties for their reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such liabilities,
subject to certain exceptions described therein, and has agreed to contribute to any amounts required to be paid by any Indemnified Parties
if such indemnification is unavailable or insufficient to hold such party harmless. 

Joseph Tonnos, a Principal and Associate Portfolio
Manager at Meteora Capital, LLC, an investor in the Sponsor, served on the NRAC board of directors from February 9, 2023 until his resignation
on March 15, 2023. Mr. Tonnos promptly disclosed this conflict of interest to the board of directors of NRAC and refrained from participating
in any discussions or any vote regarding the Forward Purchase Agreement or the transactions contemplated therein. Mr. Tonnos resigned
from the NRAC board of directors prior to any approval of the Forward Purchase Agreement. Such resignation was not a result of disagreement
with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies or practices. 

Our Business Strategy 

Our board and advisory team will leverage their
long-standing partnerships, vast investment experience, deep networks, and technology industry expertise to identify and generate attractive
acquisition opportunities among middle-market technology companies with anticipated enterprise values between 750 million and 3 billion.
To the extent the purchase price for any acquisition to be paid in cash exceeds the net proceeds available to us, we may issue debt or
equity to consummate the acquisition. Such additional financing may come in the form of bank financings or preferred equity, common equity
or debt offerings, or a combination of the foregoing. 

We believe our management team s experience
and track record, are differentiated and will enable us to successfully identify and execute an Initial Business Combination. We will
leverage our extensive network of relationships across the middle-market technology ecosystem to assist in the identification of a target
for the Initial Business Combination. 

Our management team, board and advisors have experience
in: 

investing in leading technology companies to accelerate their growth and maturation; 

sourcing, structuring, acquiring, financing, and selling software and tech-enabled services businesses; 

fostering relationships with sellers, capital providers and target management teams. 

operating companies, setting and changing strategies, and identifying, mentoring and recruiting exceptional
talent; 

developing and growing companies, both organically and through strategic transactions and acquisitions,
and expanding the product range and geographic footprint; 

deploying a comprehensive value-creation toolkit including identifying avenues for growth acceleration
and delivering operating efficiency; and 

accessing the capital markets, including financing businesses and helping companies transition to public
ownership. 

7 

The past performance of our management team or
their respective affiliates, is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any Initial Business Combination we may consummate
or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our Initial Business Combination. You should not rely on the historical
record of our management team s or their respective affiliates performance as indicative of our future performance. Our management
team and their respective affiliates have been involved with a large number of public and private companies in addition to those identified
above, not all of which have achieved similar performance levels. See Item 1.A. Risk Factors Past performance by our management
team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of
any business that we may acquire. 

Initial Business Combination Criteria 

Consistent with our business strategy, we expect
to identify companies that have compelling growth potential and a combination of the characteristics detailed below. We will use these
criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter our Initial Business Combination with a target
business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire companies or assets that we believe have the following
attributes: 

B2B and B2B2C software and tech-enabled services businesses. We will focus on companies that are reshaping
business information technology by providing critical, high-value-add solutions via software or tech-enabled services. We believe such
companies are benefiting from the digitalization, cloud-migration, and proliferation of data across the enterprise. 

Healthy end markets with strong long-term secular trends. We will target companies that operate in markets
with attractive long-term growth prospects and reasonable overall size or potential. 

Minimal technology risk with high switching costs. We will evaluate companies that provide or automate
core solutions required to operate a business in their target markets, and whose solutions are difficult to displace due to their mission-critical
nature. These solutions are characterized by systemic integration within end customer organizations, competitive differentiation and insulation
from future disruptive technologies. 

Consistent and compelling growth prospects and significant recurring revenues. We will evaluate companies
with attractive growth vectors that demonstrate a high level of recurring revenue and strong customer retention rates. We will seek companies
that have the ability to generate strong revenue growth through new customer acquisition, cross-selling to existing customers, and acquisitions
of complementary companies and products. 

Attractive, inherently profitable businesses with high operating leverage. We will evaluate companies
that we believe possess not only an established business model and sustainable competitive advantages, but also inherently profitable
unit economics. 

Knowledgeable management teams with relevant industry experience and a proven track record. We will target
companies with expert management teams that have specialized knowledge of their respective industry sector and are active leaders in developing
or deploying technology to provide a solution for a problem or challenge within their respective industry sector. 

Established business models. We will target companies with proven business models and a demonstrated ability
to scale by extending product portfolios into new markets. 

Benefit from being a public company. We will focus on companies that will benefit from being publicly
traded and can effectively utilize access to capital and the public profile associated with being a publicly-traded company. 

Platform that can become a consolidator. We will focus on companies that can benefit from our team s
experience driving growth through strategic add-on acquisitions. These companies are typically in fragmented markets with many participants
offering overlapping solutions. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular Initial Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

Our Acquisition Process 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review, which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with members
of the target s management and other employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities
and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. 

8 

Certain of our directors and officers indirectly
own founder shares and/or Private Placement Warrants following the Initial Public Offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest
in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our Initial Business Combination.
Further, such officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Initial Business Combination
if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with
respect to our Initial Business Combination. 

Certain of our officers and directors presently
have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such
officer or director is or will be required to present an Initial Business Combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her
fiduciary or contractual obligations. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an Initial Business Combination
opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to
such officer s and director s fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present such Initial Business Combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other
entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to
materially affect our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any
duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business
activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate
in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on
the other. Additionally, certain of our directors and officers are now, and our Sponsor, directors and officers may in the future become,
affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq listing rules require that our Initial Business
Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the assets held
in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any
deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account). We refer to this as the 80 fair market value
test. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries
in conjunction with our Initial Business Combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. 

We anticipate structuring our Initial Business
Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the issued and
outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our Initial Business Combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to
meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Initial Business
Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our Initial Business Combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our
Initial Business Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares
in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target business or issue a substantial
number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our Initial Business Combination. In this case, we would acquire a
100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders
immediately prior to our Initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to
our Initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or
acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued
for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If our Initial Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair
market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then
listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

9 

Departure of certain officers and directors; name change and Class
B conversion 

On February 9, 2023, in accordance with the provisions
of a binding agreement that provides for the withdrawal or significant reduction in investment in the Sponsor by certain existing investors
and the resulting transfer of control of the Sponsor: (i) Whitney Bower resigned as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, (ii) Peter Low
resigned as Chief Financial Officer and director and (iii) Michael Alter and David Lang resigned as independent directors, (iv) the board
appointed Aemish Shah as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Manpreet Singh as Chief Financial Officer and a director, and also
appointed Joseph Tonnos, David Tanzer and Asad Zafar to serve as directors, determining each of Messrs. Tonnos, Tanzer and Zafar to be
an independent director under the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. We agreed to change our name in connection with these changes.
Mr. Tonnos served on the NRAC board of directors from February 9, 2023 until his resignation on March 15, 2023. Such resignation was not
a result of disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies or practices. 

On March 16, 2023, we held our General Meeting
for the purposes of considering and voting upon: (i) a special resolution, to amend our charter to change the name of the company from
Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation to Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation; and (ii) a special resolution, to amend the charter to
change certain provisions which restrict our Class B ordinary shares from converting to Class A ordinary shares prior to the closing of
the business combination. Both the Name Change Proposal and Conversion Proposal were approved by the shareholders at the General Meeting.
The purpose of the Name Change Proposal was to amend the name of the company as agreed in connection with the departures of Messrs. Bower,
Low, Alter and Lang. The purpose of the Conversion Proposal was to remove restrictions contained in the charter in order to permit the
Class B ordinary shares to convert into Class A ordinary shares prior to the closing of the business combination which will enable the
company to meet certain Nasdaq listing requirements. The holders of such shares will continue to be subject to the same restrictions as
the Class B ordinary shares before any conversion, including, among others, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights
and the obligation to vote in favor of a business combination as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering. 

Extension, redemptions and contributions 

On January 27, 2023, we held an extraordinary general
meeting of shareholders where the shareholders approved a special resolution to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association (the Extension Amendment to extend the date by which the company may either (i) consummate a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination, from February 4, 2023 to September 4, 2023
(such later date, the extended date or such earlier date as determined by the board or (ii) cease its operations, except
for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete an initial business combination, and (iii) redeem all of the Class A ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, of the company, included as part of the units sold in the company s Initial Public Offering that was
consummated on February 4, 2021 from February 4, 2023 to September 4, 2023 or such earlier date as determined by the board. 

In connection with the solicitation of
proxies in connection with the Extension Amendment, holders of 21,240,830 Class A ordinary shares of our then 24,150,000 Class A
ordinary shares outstanding with redemption rights, elected to redeem their shares at a per share redemption price of approximately
 10.17. In connection with the solicitation of proxies in connection with the Conversion Proposal, holders of 433,699 Class A
ordinary shares of our then outstanding 8,946,670 Class A ordinary shares outstanding with redemption rights, elected to redeem
their shares at a per share redemption price of approximately 10.33. On March 28, 2023, the Company elected to permit one
shareholder, at the shareholder s request, to reverse their redemption as to 5,000 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in a
total of 428,699 redemptions in connection with the solicitation of proxies in connection with the Conversion Proposal. On April 5,
2023, the Sponsor elected to convert 6,037,499 Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares. Following such meetings and the
redemptions related thereto and the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, there are a total of 8,517,970 Class A ordinary
shares issued and outstanding and (ii) one Class B ordinary share outstanding. As of April 27, 2023, there was a total of
approximately 25.8 million held in the trust account. 

As previously disclosed in connection with the
solicitation of proxies for the Extension Proposal, the Sponsor has indicated that, it will contribute to the Company as a loan (each
loan being referred to herein as a contribution the lesser of (i) 100,000 and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to 0.055
multiplied by the number of public shares of the Company that are not redeemed, for each month commencing on February 4, 2023 and on or
prior to the fourth day of each subsequent month, if applicable (each such month period an extension period) until the earlier
of (x) the date of the extraordinary general meeting held in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an Initial Business Combination
(y) the extended date and (z) the date that the board determines in its sole discretion to no longer seek an Initial Business Combination.
Each contribution will be deposited in the trust account within three business days of the beginning of the extended period which such
contribution is for. The contributions will be repayable by the company to the Sponsor upon consummation of an Initial Business Combination.
The Company s board of directors will have the sole discretion whether to continue extending for additional extension periods, and
if the board determines not to continue extending for additional months, the additional contributions will terminate. If this occurs,
the Company would wind up the Company s affairs and redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares in accordance with the procedures
set forth in the company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Charter ). The Sponsor contributed to the Company as a loan the first, second and third deposits of 100,000 each into the Trust Account on February
4, 2023, March 4, 2023 and April 4, 2023. 

10 

Competition 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for Initial Business Combination targets
has increased compared to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant
experience with completing Initial Business Combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire
with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder
approval of our Initial Business Combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce
the resources available to us for our Initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating an Initial Business Combination. 

Human Capital Management 

We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our Initial Business Combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number
of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed
our Initial Business Combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a
target business has been selected for our Initial Business Combination and the current stage of the Initial Business Combination process. 

ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS 

Risk Factor Summary 

We are providing the following summary of the risk
factors to enhance the readability and accessibility of our risk factor disclosures. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk
factors discussed below in their entirety for additional information. Some of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects include: 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Initial Business Combination, which means we may
complete our Initial Business Combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

The requirement that we complete our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses
leverage over us in negotiating an Initial Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential
Initial Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete
our Initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our Initial Business Combination, our initial shareholders and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
have agreed to vote in favor of such Initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Initial Business Combination will be limited to the
exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such Initial Business Combination. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential
Initial Business Combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an Initial Business Combination with a target. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us
to complete the most desirable Initial Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the
probability that our Initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
your shares. 

We may not be able to complete our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders
may receive only 10.33 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our search for an Initial Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate an Initial Business Combination,
may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our Initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates
may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Initial Business Combination
and reduce the public float of our securities. 

11 

You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for Initial Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult
for us to complete our Initial Business Combination. If we have not completed our Initial Business Combination within the required time
period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.33 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of
their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

Because we are not limited to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our Initial Business Combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

We may engage in an Initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may
be affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our Initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth
of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Initial Business Combination. 

We may face risks related to companies in the technology industries. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate
your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

We are a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate
our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial
loss. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial
results. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt
about our ability continue as a going concern. 

Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this
Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the
following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the
trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described
below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material,
may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination and Post-Initial Business Combination Risks 

Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed Initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our Initial Business Combination even though a majority
of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our
Initial Business Combination unless the Initial Business Combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock
exchange rules or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, Nasdaq listing rules currently
allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting, but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were
seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any Initial Business Combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring an Initial Business Combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding
shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such Initial Business Combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock
exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Initial Business Combination or will allow
shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety
of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder
approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our Initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares do not approve of the Initial Business Combination we consummate. 

12 

The requirement that we complete our Initial Business Combination
within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an Initial Business Combination
and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Initial Business Combination targets, in particular as we
approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination on terms that would
produce value for our shareholders. 

Any potential target business with which we enter
into negotiations concerning an Initial Business Combination will be aware that we must complete our Initial Business Combination within
24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any subsequent extension period. Consequently, such target business
may obtain leverage over us in negotiating an Initial Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our Initial Business Combination
with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our Initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk
will increase as we get closer to the end of the 24-month period or subsequent extension period. In addition, we may have limited time
to conduct due diligence and may enter into our Initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive
investigation. In July 2021, the SEC charged a SPAC for misleading disclosures, which could have been corrected with more adequate due
diligence, and obtained substantial relief against the SPAC and its sponsor. Although we will invest in due diligence efforts and commit
management time and resources to such efforts, there can be no assurance that our due diligence will unveil all potential issues with
a target business and that we or our sponsor will not become subject to regulatory actions related to such efforts. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our Initial Business
Combination, our initial shareholders and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer have agreed to vote in favor of such Initial Business Combination,
regardless of how our public shareholders vote. 

Unlike many other blank check companies in which the initial shareholders
agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public shareholders in connection with an
Initial Business Combination, our initial shareholders and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer have agreed (and their permitted transferees
will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares and any public shares held
by them in favor of our Initial Business Combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would
not need any of the 2,480,471 outstanding public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an Initial Business
Combination in order to have such Initial Business Combination approved. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter
agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. We expect that our initial shareholders
and their permitted transferees will own at least approximately 71 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such
shareholder vote. The anchor investor s membership interests in our Sponsor may provide an incentive for it to vote its shares in
favor of our Initial Business Combination. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our Initial Business Combination, it is more
likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if such persons agreed to vote their founder shares
in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential Initial Business Combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
unless we seek shareholder approval of such Initial Business Combination. 

Since our board of directors may complete an Initial
Business Combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Initial
Business Combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Initial Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights
within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders
in which we describe our Initial Business Combination. 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their
shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Initial Business Combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into an Initial Business Combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into an Initial Business Combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as
a result, would not be able to proceed with the Initial Business Combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable
to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an Initial Business Combination and such
amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an Initial Business Combination. If we are
able to consummate an Initial Business Combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our
obligation to pay and the payment of the deferred underwriting commissions. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible
asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our Initial Business Combination. Consequently, if accepting
all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary
to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Initial Business Combination
and may instead search for an alternate Initial Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may
be reluctant to enter into an Initial Business Combination transaction with us. 

13 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Initial Business Combination or optimize
our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement for our
Initial Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need
to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our Initial
Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us
to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements,
or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected,
we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third-party financing.
Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Initial Business Combination available to us or
optimize our capital structure. 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our Initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful
and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our Initial Business Combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
the probability that our Initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our Initial Business Combination is unsuccessful,
you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate
liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro
rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit
of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 

We may not be able to complete our Initial Business Combination
within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem
our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.33 per share, or less than such amount in
certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our Sponsor, directors and officers have agreed
that we must complete our Initial Business Combination on or prior to September 4, 2023. We may not be able to find a suitable target
business and complete our Initial Business Combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination
may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein,
including as a result of terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. For
example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the pandemic on us will
depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased
market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally,
the COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of
other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. 

If we have not completed our Initial Business Combination
within such time period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any);
and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board
of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.33 per share, or less than 10.33
per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims
against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be
less than 10.33 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Our search for an Initial Business Combination, and any
target business with which we ultimately consummate an Initial Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19
pandemic and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and
other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases)
could adversely affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the
business of any potential target business with which we consummate an Initial Business Combination could be, or may already have been,
materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete an Initial Business Combination if concerns relating to COVID-19
or other events restrict travel or limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, or the target company s personnel,
vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19
impacts our search for an Initial Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted,
including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact,
among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities,
or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for a prolonged period of time, our ability to consummate an Initial
Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate an Initial Business Combination, may
be materially adversely affected. 

14 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction
may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility
and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Finally, the COVID-19 pandemic and other events
(such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, global hostilities, or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may also have
the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market
for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our Initial Business
Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public
shareholders or warrant holders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Initial Business Combination and reduce the public float 
of our securities. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our Initial
Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated
transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our Initial Business Combination. Any such price per
share may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with
our Initial Business Combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our Initial Business Combination, subject to applicable securities
laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates
may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares
in favor of our Initial Business Combination or not redeem their public shares. However, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or
any of their affiliates are under no obligation or duty to do so and they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in
such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. The purpose of such purchases could be to
vote such shares in favor of our Initial Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of
our Initial Business Combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our Initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote
such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our Initial Business Combination. This may
result in the completion of our Initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 float of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to
redeem our public shares in connection with our Initial Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its
shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy
rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our Initial Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these
rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of
the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish
to holders of our public shares in connection with our Initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be
complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures,
its shares may not be redeemed. 

You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to
investors of many other blank check companies. 

We are exempt from certain rules promulgated by
the SEC related to certain blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections
of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our Initial Business Combination than
do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering was subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release
of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in
connection with our completion of an Initial Business Combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our Initial Business
Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A ordinary shares. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our Initial
Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our Initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares
sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would
not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our Initial Business
Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination
and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our Initial Business Combination. And as a
result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell
your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

15 

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for Initial Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our Initial Business Combination. If we have
not completed our Initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.33 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval
of our Initial Business Combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the resources
available to us for our Initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating an Initial Business Combination. If we have not completed our Initial Business Combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.33 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the
Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.33 per share and
other risk factors herein. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies
increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an Initial Business Combination. This could increase the costs
associated with completing our Initial Business Combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our Initial
Business Combination and/or complete or Initial Business Combination. 

In recent years, the number of special purpose
acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into Initial Business Combinations
with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their Initial
Business Combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As a result, at times,
fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target for an Initial
Business Combination. 

In addition, because there are more special purpose
acquisition companies seeking to enter into an Initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition for available targets
with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive
deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions or increases in
the cost of additional capital needed to close Initial Business Combinations or operate targets post-Initial Business Combination. This
could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete our Initial
Business Combination. 

If the funds not being held in the Trust Account and the
loans provided by our Sponsor for working capital are insufficient to allow us to operate until we complete our Initial Business Combination,
we may be unable to complete our Initial Business Combination. 

The funds available to us outside of the Trust
Account and the loan provided by our Sponsor for working capital may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until we complete our Initial
Business Combination. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this
need for capital through potential loans from certain of our affiliates are discussed in Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in
the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event
in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. 

Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion
of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion
of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed
to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable
to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed Initial Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention
to do so. If we enter into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business
and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds
to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we have not completed our Initial Business
Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.33 per share, or less in certain
circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring
claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than 10.33 per share and other risk factors herein. 

16 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability
insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an Initial Business Combination. 

In recent months, the market for directors and
officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer
insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally
increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased availability of
directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an Initial
Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public
company, the post-Initial Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore,
any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post- Initial Business Combination
entity s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, after completion of any Initial Business
Combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred
prior to such Initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post- Initial Business Combination
entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off
insurance would be an added expense for the post- Initial Business Combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability
to consummate an Initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification
claims of our directors and officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors
to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become
an officer or director prior to the initial business combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and not to seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except
to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification
provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an
Initial Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit
against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood
of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and
our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.33 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not
protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent
registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public
shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing
claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar
claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into
an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement would
be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage
a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills
are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases
where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will
agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with
us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not completed
our Initial Business Combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our Initial
Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against
us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less
than the 10.33 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. 

Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to
us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered
or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the
amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in the Trust
Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of
the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights
to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
We have not independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our
Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Our Sponsor may not have sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations.
We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore, no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations.
As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our Initial Business Combination
and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our Initial Business
Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our directors
or officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

17 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification
obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public
shareholders. 

In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account
are reduced below the lesser of (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per share held in the Trust Account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may
be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations
related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its
indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our
Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment
may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations,
the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account
to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board
of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors
and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust
Account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy
or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts
received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors
and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby
exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account
to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our
shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust
Account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy or insolvency
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable insolvency law,
and may be included in our liquidation estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders.
To the extent any liquidation claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders
in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the
Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which
may make it difficult for us to complete our Initial Business Combination. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under
the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities; 

each of which may make it difficult for us to complete
our Initial Business Combination. 

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome
requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations to which we are currently not
subject. 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal
activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be invested by the trustee only in
U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. Treasuries and meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these
instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require
additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete an Initial Business Combination. If we
have not completed our Initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.33 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

18 

Changes in laws or regulations or how such laws are interpreted
or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate
and complete our Initial Business Combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted
by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements, our
Initial Business Combination may be contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and any post-Initial Business
Combination company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations
may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from
time to time, including as a result of changes in economic, political, social and government policies, and those changes could have a
material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our Initial Business Combination, investments
and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our Initial Business Combination, and results
of operations. 

If we have not completed our Initial Business Combination
by September 4, 2023, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such time period before redemption from our Trust Account. 

If we have not completed our Initial Business Combination
by September 4, 2023, we will distribute the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way
of redemption and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption
of public shareholders from the Trust Account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to windup, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount
therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must
comply with the applicable provisions of the Cayman Island Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act ).
In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the initial time period before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become
available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation
to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our Initial Business
Combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and then only in cases where
investors have properly sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders
be entitled to distributions if we have not completed our Initial Business Combination within the required time period and do not amend
certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto. 

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third
parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation,
any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date
on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result,
a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing themselves and our company
to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that
claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted
any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine of up to approximately 18,300 and to imprisonment for up to five
years in the Cayman Islands. 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the
consummation of our Initial Business Combination. Our public shareholders will not have the right to appoint or remove directors prior
to the consummation of our Initial Business Combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors.
Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management.
In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of
directors prior to consummation of our Initial Business Combination. In addition, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove
a member of our board of directors for any reason. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders
and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our Initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such
rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered
into in connection with the Initial Public Offering, at or after the time of our Initial Business Combination, our initial shareholders
and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder shares after those shares convert to our Class
A ordinary shares. In addition, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Private Placement
Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and holders of warrants that may be
issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such
a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary
shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our Initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude.
This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more
cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary
shares owned by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees, our Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued in connection
with working capital loans are registered for resale. 

19 

Because we are not limited to a particular industry or
any specific target businesses with which to pursue our Initial Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks
of any particular target business s operations. 

We may seek to complete an Initial Business Combination
with an operating company of any size (subject to our satisfaction of the 80 fair market value test) and in any industry, sector or geography.
However, we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our Initial Business
Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific
target business with respect to an Initial Business Combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular
target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete
our Initial Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For
example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or development stage entity. Although our directors
and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some
of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable
to our investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in an Initial Business Combination target. Accordingly,
any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our Initial Business
Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy
for such reduction in value. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities outside the technology
industry, which may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider an Initial Business Combination
outside the technology industry, which may be outside of our management s areas of expertise, if an Initial Business Combination
candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. In the
event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may
not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors relevant to such acquisition. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant
holder, respectively, following our Initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders
and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines
that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our Initial Business Combination with a target
that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our Initial Business Combination
may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified general criteria and
guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our Initial Business
Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our Initial Business Combination with a target that does not
meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does
meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Initial Business Combination with a target
that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may
make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements,
or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval
of our Initial Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not completed
our Initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage
company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. 

To the extent we complete our Initial Business
Combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in
a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition
and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not
have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability
to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm regarding fairness. Consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our Initial Business Combination
with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine
fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender
offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our Initial Business Combination. 

20 

We may engage the underwriters from our Initial Public
Offering or any of their affiliates to provide additional services to us. The underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions
that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an Initial Business Combination. These financial incentives may cause the
underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering. 

We may engage the underwriters from our Initial
Public Offering or any of their affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets,
providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the underwriters
or any of their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length
negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an Initial Business
Combination. The fact that the underwriters or any of their affiliates financial interests are tied to the consummation of a business
combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential
conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an Initial Business Combination. 

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred
shares to complete our Initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our Initial Business Combination.
We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the
time of our Initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes
the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 undesignated preferred shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of April 27, 2023, there were 478,878,696
and 49,999,999 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares (excluding 12,603,334 shares reserved for issue upon exercise of outstanding
warrants) and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance
upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. Class B ordinary shares are convertible
into Class A ordinary shares, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein. As of April 27, 2023, there
were no preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

We may issue a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares, and may issue preferred shares, in order to complete our Initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our Initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares to redeem the warrants or upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our Initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution
provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our Initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional ordinary
shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the Trust Account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares
on any Initial Business Combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our public investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions
in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion
of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary
shares; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our
ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present directors
and officers; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person
seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

21 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection
with our Initial Business Combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. 

Subject to requisite shareholder approval by special
resolution under the Companies Act, we may effect an Initial Business Combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate
in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or reincorporate in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may
result in tax liability for a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or
warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target company
is located, or in which we reincorporate. In the event of a reincorporation pursuant to our Initial Business Combination, such tax liability
may attach prior to the consummation of redemptions of any of our public shares properly submitted to us for redemption in connection
with such Initial Business Combination. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders
may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Failure to maintain our status as tax resident solely in
the Cayman Islands could adversely affect our financial and operating results. Our intention is that prior to our Initial Business Combination
we should be resident solely in the Cayman Islands. 

Continued attention must be paid to ensure that
major decisions by the Company are not made from another jurisdiction, since this could cause us to lose our status as tax resident solely
in the Cayman Islands. The composition of the board of directors, the place of residence of the individual members of the board of directors
and the location(s) in which the board of directors makes decisions will all be important factors in determining and maintaining our tax
residence in the Cayman Islands. If we were to be considered as tax resident within another jurisdiction, we may be subject to additional
tax in that jurisdiction, which could negatively affect our financial and operating results, and/or our shareholders or warrant
holders investment returns could be subject to additional or increased taxes (including withholding taxes). 

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that
are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If
we have not completed our Initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
 10.33 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire
worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific
target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a
specific Initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable.
Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our Initial Business Combination
for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred
which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed
our Initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share,
or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We may engage in an Initial Business Combination with one
or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers which may
raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, directors
and officers with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, directors and officers.
Certain of our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including those described under Item
10. Directors, Executive Officer and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with us for
Initial Business Combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated
entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for an Initial
Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement
that we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view
of an Initial Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers,
potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Initial Business Combination may not be as advantageous
to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

22 

Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment
in us if our Initial Business Combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Initial
Business Combination target is appropriate for our Initial Business Combination. 

Our initial shareholders hold 6,037,500 founder
shares as of the date of this Annual Report, all of which are held by our Sponsor. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete
an Initial Business Combination. 

In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 4,553,334 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, for a purchase price of approximately 6.8 million
in the aggregate, or 1.50 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete an Initial Business Combination. Each Private
Placement Warrant may be exercised for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. 

The founder shares are identical to the ordinary
shares included in the Units except that: (1) prior to our Initial Business Combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right
to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors
for any reason; (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions; (3) our initial shareholders and Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our Initial Business
Combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our Initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
Initial Business Combination by September 4, 2023or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or
pre-Initial Business Combination activity; and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to
any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our Initial Business Combination by September 4, 2023 (although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our Initial Business
Combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the
time of our Initial Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant
to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in more detail below; and (5) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If
we submit our Initial Business Combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders and Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to
vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of our Initial
Business Combination. 

23 

The personal and financial interests of our Sponsor,
directors and officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business for our Initial Business Combination,
completing an Initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the Initial Business Combination. This
risk may become more acute as September 4, 2023 nears, which is the deadline for the completion of our Initial Business Combination. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise
incur substantial debt, to complete an Initial Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and
thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. 

We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete
our Initial Business Combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver
of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect
the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative
effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an Initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our
debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach
certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing
while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for
dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government
regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements,
execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

24 

We may be able to complete only one Initial Business Combination
with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent
on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations
and profitability. 

We may effectuate our Initial Business Combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able
to effectuate our Initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence
of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating
results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our Initial
Business Combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous financial, economic, competitive
and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting
of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several Initial Business Combinations in different industries
or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous
financial, economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to our Initial Business Combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete Initial Business
Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination and give rise
to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several
businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
on the simultaneous closings of the other Initial Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability,
to complete our Initial Business Combination. With multiple Initial Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our Initial Business Combination
with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an Initial Business Combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek
to effectuate our Initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private
companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential Initial Business Combination on the basis of
limited information, which may result in an Initial Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if
at all. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold.
The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an Initial Business Combination with which a substantial
majority of our shareholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an
amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our Initial Business Combination. As a result, we may be able to
complete our Initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction
and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our Initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions
in connection with our Initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements
to sell their shares to our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions
pursuant to the terms of the proposed Initial Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete
the Initial Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders
thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Initial Business Combination. 

25 

In order to effectuate an Initial Business Combination,
blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their
warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our Initial Business Combination that some of our shareholders
may not support. 

In order to effectuate an Initial Business Combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including
their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of Initial Business Combination, increased redemption
thresholds and extended the time to consummate an Initial Business Combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant
agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association requires at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. A resolution is
deemed to be a special resolution as a matter of Cayman Islands law where it has been approved by either (1) holders of at least two-thirds
(or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s ordinary shares at a general meeting
for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so authorized by
a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by holders of at least two-thirds
of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other
than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our Initial Business Combination, which
require the approval of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous
written resolution of all of our shareholders. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the
consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 
of the then issued and outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of
public warrants. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or
governing instruments, including the warrant agreement, or extend the time to consummate an Initial Business Combination in order to effectuate
our Initial Business Combination. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the
securities offered in the Initial Public Offering, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 

Certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association that relate to our pre-Initial Business Combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary
shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It
may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate
the completion of an Initial Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies have a provision
in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-Initial
Business Combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s shares. In those companies,
amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s public shares.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions, including those related to pre-Initial
Business Combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement
Warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances), may be amended if approved by holders
of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement
governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares (other than
amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our Initial Business Combination, which require
the approval of a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting). Our initial shareholders,
who collectively beneficially own approximately 71 of our ordinary shares, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result,
we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-Initial
Business Combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our Initial
Business Combination with which you do not agree. In certain circumstances, our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete
our Initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon
a particular Initial Business Combination. 

If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants available to us prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our Initial Business
Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant
number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our Initial Business Combination or the terms of negotiated
transactions to purchase shares in connection with our Initial Business Combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or
to abandon the proposed Initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms,
if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our Initial Business Combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Initial Business Combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. 

26 

In addition, even if we do not need additional
financing to complete our Initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business.
None of our directors, officers or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our Initial Business
Combination. If we have not completed our Initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately 10.33 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account, and our warrants will
expire worthless. 

Our initial shareholders will control the appointment of
our board of directors until consummation of our Initial Business Combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result,
they will appoint all of our directors prior to our Initial Business Combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring
shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial shareholders own approximately 71 
of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In addition, prior to our Initial Business Combination, holders of the founder shares will
have the right to appoint all of our directors and may remove members of our board of directors for any reason. Holders of our public
shares will have no right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending
and voting in a general meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the appointment of directors prior to our Initial Business
Combination. 

In addition, as a result of their substantial ownership
in our company, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval
of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any Class A ordinary shares in the open market or in privately negotiated
transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will exert significant influence
over actions requiring a shareholder vote at least until the completion of our Initial Business Combination. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an Initial Business Combination. 

Unlike some blank check companies, if: 

we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the
Initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or
effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or
its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance)
(the Newly Issued Price ), 

the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of our Initial Business Combination on the date of the completion of our Initial Business Combination (net of redemptions),
and 

the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which we consummate our Initial Business Combination (such price, the Market
Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 and 18.00 per share redemption trigger
prices applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 , respectively, of the higher of
the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an Initial Business Combination with
a target business. 

Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our Initial Business Combination. 

We have issued warrants to purchase 8,050,000 Class
A ordinary shares, at a price of 11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment as provided herein), as part of the Units and, simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we issued in the Private Placement an aggregate of 4,553,334 Private Placement Warrants,
each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Our
initial shareholders currently hold 6,037,500 Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary
shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our Sponsor, an affiliate of our Sponsor or
certain of our directors and officers make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at
the price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. To the
extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effectuate an Initial Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition
vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce
the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the Initial Business Combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares
may make it more difficult to effectuate an Initial Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the warrants sold as part of the Units except that, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees: (1) they will
not be redeemable by us (except under certain limited exceptions); (2) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our Sponsor until 30 days after
the completion of our Initial Business Combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including
the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. 

27 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous Initial Business Combination with some prospective
target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement
with respect to a vote on an Initial Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma
financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender
offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared
in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international
financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the
historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire
because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance
with federal proxy rules and complete our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate our Initial Business Combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an
accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company
makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because
a target business with which we seek to complete our Initial Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

If our management team pursues a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our Initial Business Combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with
investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such Initial Business Combination, we would be subject to
a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If our management team pursues a company with operations
or opportunities outside of the United States for our Initial Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border
Initial Business Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our Initial Business Combination,
conducting due diligence in a foreign market, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes
in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our Initial Business Combination with
such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting,
including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial and legal requirements
of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future Initial Business Combinations may be effected; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax consequences, such as tax law changes, including termination or reduction of tax and other incentives that the applicable government
provides to domestic companies, and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

28 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; 

obligatory military service by personnel; and 

government appropriation of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional
risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such combination or, if we complete such combination, our operations might
suffer, either of which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Initial Business Combination Company 

We may face risks related to companies in the technology
industries. 

Business combinations with companies in the technology
industries entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing an Initial Business Combination with such a target
business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: 

an inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources; 

an inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; 

an inability to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber or customer satisfaction and loyalty; 

a reliance on proprietary technology to provide services and to manage our operations, and the failure of this technology to operate
effectively, or our failure to use such technology effectively; 

an inability to deal with our subscribers or customers privacy concerns; 

an inability to attract and retain subscribers or customers; 

an inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; 

any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third parties that we would utilize in our operations; 

an inability by us, or a refusal by third parties, to license content to us upon acceptable terms; 

potential liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials
that we may distribute; 

competition for advertising revenue; 

competition for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending of subscribers or customers, which may intensify in
part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior; 

disruption or failure of our networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, cyber-attacks, misappropriation
of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of information or similar
events; 

an inability to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support; and 

reliance on third-party vendors or service providers. 

Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact
on our operations following an Initial Business Combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not
be limited to the technology industries. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, we will be subject to risks
attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or the target business which we acquire, which may or may not be different than
those risks listed above. 

29 

Subsequent to our completion of our Initial Business Combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of
your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a
target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present
with a particular target business that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence,
or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be
forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in
our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known
risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and
not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions
about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be
subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing.
Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our Initial
Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to
have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

After our Initial Business Combination, our results of
operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political, social and government policies, developments
and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be
uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If, in the future,
such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in
certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find
an attractive target business with which to consummate our Initial Business Combination and if we effect our Initial Business Combination,
the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a
target business after our Initial Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new
management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our Initial Business Combination
so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business, but we will complete such Initial Business Combination only if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 
or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business
sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction
that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders
prior to our Initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post Initial Business Combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our Initial Business Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares
or other equity securities of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority
of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently
combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially
acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. 

We may have limited ability to assess the management of
a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our Initial Business Combination with a target business whose management may
not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our
Initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited
due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove
to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management
not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination
business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder,
respectively, following our Initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders
and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The directors and officers of an acquisition candidate
may resign upon completion of our Initial Business Combination. The departure of an Initial Business Combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s
key personnel upon the completion of our Initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our
Initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

30 

After our Initial Business Combination, it is possible
that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all or substantially all of our assets will be located
outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. 

It is possible that after our Initial Business
Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all or substantially all of our assets
will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United
States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United
States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. 

Our letter agreements with our initial shareholders and
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer may be amended without shareholder approval. 

Our letter agreements with our initial shareholders
and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer contain provisions relating to, among other things, restrictions on transfer of our founder shares
and private placement warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions
from the trust account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval. While we do not expect our board of directors
to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our Initial Business Combination, it may be possible that our board of directors,
in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreements.
Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value
of an investment in our securities. 

If our management following our Initial Business Combination
is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead
to various regulatory issues. 

Following our Initial Business Combination, any
or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the company, and the management of the target business at the
time of the Initial Business Combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities
laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such
laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

Risks Relating to our Management Team 

We are dependent upon our directors and officers and their
departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and in particular, Aemish Shah and Manpreet Singh. We believe that our success depends on the continued service
of our directors and officers, at least until we have completed our Initial Business Combination. In addition, our directors and officers
are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating
their time among various business activities, including identifying potential Initial Business Combinations and monitoring the related
due diligence. Moreover, certain of our directors and officers have time and attention requirements for investment funds of which affiliates
of our Sponsor are the investment managers. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our
directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect
on us. 

Our ability to successfully effect our Initial Business
Combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following
our Initial Business Combination. The loss of our or a target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully effect our Initial
Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however,
cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory
positions following our Initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain
in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our Initial Business Combination, we cannot assure you
that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating
a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In addition, the directors and officers of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our Initial Business Combination. The departure of an Initial Business Combination target s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s
key personnel upon the completion of our Initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our
Initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.
The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

31 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting
agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Initial Business Combination. These agreements may provide for them
to receive compensation following our Initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining
whether a particular Initial Business Combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the
company after the completion of our Initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the Initial Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Initial
Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of our Initial Business Combination. The personal and financial interests of
such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary duties
under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our Initial Business
Combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential Initial Business
Combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our Initial Business
Combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination
as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our Initial Business Combination. 

Our directors and officers will allocate their time to
other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict
of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Initial Business Combination. 

Our directors and officers are not required to,
and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
and our search for an Initial Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employee prior to
the completion of our Initial Business Combination. Our officers are engaged in several other business endeavors for which they may be
entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.
Certain of our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers and directors 
other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels,
it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our Initial Business
Combination. For a discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officer and Corporate Governance. 

Certain of our directors and officers are now, and our
Sponsor, directors and officers may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended
to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity
should be presented. 

Until we consummate our Initial Business Combination,
we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Certain of our directors and officers are
now, and our Sponsor s directors and officers, may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar
business and any such involvement may result in conflicts of interests as described above. 

Our directors and officers also may become aware
of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or
contractual duties or otherwise have an interest in, and any other special purpose acquisition company with which they may become involved.
Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.
These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation
to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any
duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business
activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate
in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on
the other. 

For a discussion of our officers and directors 
business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officer and Corporate Governance. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officer and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest 
and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions Administrative Agreement. 

Our directors, officers, security holders and their respective
affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits
our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into an Initial
Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers. Nor do we have a policy that
expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly,
such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

In particular, affiliates of our Sponsor have invested
in a diverse set of industries. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable Initial Business
Combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. 

32 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from
the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your
public shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) our completion of an Initial Business Combination, and then only
in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described
herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with
our Initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our Initial Business Combination by September
4, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Initial Business Combination activity;
and (3) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an Initial Business Combination by September 4, 2023, subject to
applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. Holders
of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange,
which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We cannot assure you that our securities will continue
to be listed on Nasdaq prior to our Initial Business Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our Initial
Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. In general, we must maintain a minimum
amount in shareholders equity (generally 5,000,000) and a minimum of 300 public holders. Additionally, in connection with our
Initial Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the applicable exchange s initial listing requirements,
which are more rigorous than continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If any of our securities are delisted from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be
quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A
ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading
market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act
of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
to as covered securities. Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants currently qualify as covered securities under
such statute. Although the states are pre-empted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states
to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate
or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or
restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view
blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank
check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities
under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, which may negatively impact our
ability to consummate our initial Business combination. 

33 

You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless
we register and qualify the issuance of the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. 

Pursuant to the terms of the warrant agreement,
we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our Initial Business Combination,
we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement covering the issuance of the underlying Class A ordinary
shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing
of our Initial Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating
to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for
example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or
prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues
a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the
above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of
Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares
equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares
upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration
is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national
securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities
Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in
effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities
or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants
under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not
so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise
such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a
purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. There may
be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our Private Placement Warrants to exercise their warrants
while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants that were included as part of the Units. In such an
instance, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise
their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise
their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption
right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that
may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants. 

Our warrants will be issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides
that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision,
but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects
the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse
to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend
the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such
amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease
the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding warrants
at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the last
reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day
prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals
or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even
if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we
may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding
warrants as described above could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be
disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants;
or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. 

34 

In addition, we have the ability to redeem the
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant if, among
other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted). In such a case, the holders will be able to exercise
their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market
value of our Class A ordinary shares. Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition,
such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded
value from a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A ordinary shares had your warrants remained outstanding. The value received
upon exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a
later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including
because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective
of the remaining life of the warrants. 

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for
a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. 

In certain situations, including if we are not
the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary
shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive
a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will
be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 15 business
days of the closing of an initial business combination. 

Our management s ability to require holders of our
Public Warrants to exercise such Public Warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon
their exercise of the Public Warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their public warrants for cash. 

If we call our Public Warrants for redemption after
the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Annual Report have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require
any holder that wishes to exercise its Warrant (including any warrants held by our sponsor, officers, directors or their permitted transferees)
to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis,
the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised
his, her or its Warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment
in our Company. 

Because each Unit contains one-third of one warrant and
only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. 

Each Unit contains one-third of one warrant. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole warrants will trade. This
is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant or a greater fraction of
one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect
of the warrants upon completion of an Initial Business Combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one third
of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a
more attractive Initial Business Combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this Unit structure may cause our Units to be
worth less than if they included one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts
may be limited. 

We are an exempted company incorporated under the
laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon
our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. 

Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time)
and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders
and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of
the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman
Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court
in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are
different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the
Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have
more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to
initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 

35 

The courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1)
to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal
securities laws of the United States or any state; and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against
us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities
imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands
of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a
foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court
imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For
a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must
not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable
on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public
policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands
Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders
may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or
controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types
of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain
a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to
applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including
under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive
forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent
an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions
in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement,
is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
(a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the
personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such
court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant
holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant
holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage
such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect
to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters
in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result
in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class
A ordinary shares and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best
interests. These provisions include two-year director terms and the ability of our board of directors to designate the terms of and issue
new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise
could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

General Risk Factors 

We are a newly incorporated company with no operating history
and no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a newly incorporated company incorporated
under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to
evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our Initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses.
We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning an Initial Business Combination and may
be unable to complete our Initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our Initial Business Combination, we will never generate
any operating revenues. 

36 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result
in information theft, data corruption, operation disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies, including information
systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the
cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early
stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences.
We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents.
It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial
loss. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, 
which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion
thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our prior taxable
year, our current taxable year, and our subsequent taxable years may depend upon the status of an acquired company pursuant to an Initial
Business Combination and whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application
of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception.
Additionally, even if we qualify for the start-up exception with respect to a given taxable year, there cannot be any assurance that we
would not be a PFIC in other taxable years. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our prior
taxable year, our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not
be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide
to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information
Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election with respect to its
Class A ordinary shares, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would
likely be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the
possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our ordinary shares and warrants. 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting
company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available
to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make
it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being
required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result,
our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our ordinary shares held
by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging
growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because
we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that
is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a
standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company,
can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has
opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 

37 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during
such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the
end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make
comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s
report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 42,000
cash in our operating bank account and working capital of approximately 2,000. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur
significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans and will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Initial
Business Combination. In addition, we expect to have negative cash flows from operations as we pursue an Initial Business Combination
target. Management s plans to address this need for capital through our Initial Business Combination are discussed in Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We cannot assure you that our plans
to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any
adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate our Initial Business Combination or our inability to continue as a going
concern. 

Item 1.B. Unresolved
Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently maintain our executive offices at
4001 Kennett Pike, Suite 302, Wilmington, DE 19807. The cost for this space is included in the 30,000 per month fee that we pay our Sponsor
for office space, administrative, financial and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal
Proceedings. 

We are not currently subject to any material legal
proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their
corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures. 

None. 

38 

PART II. 

Item 5. Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

Our Units began trading on The Nasdaq Stock Market
on February 2, 2021. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class A
ordinary share. On March 24, 2021, we announced that holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and
redeemable warrants included in the Units commencing on March 25, 2021. Any Units not separated continue to trade on The Nasdaq Stock
Market under the symbol NRACU. Any underlying Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants that were separated trade
on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbols NRAC and NRACW, respectively. 

(b) Holders 

As of April 27, 2023, there was one holder of record
of our Units, two holders of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary shares, and two holders of record of our redeemable warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class
A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our Initial Business Combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition
subsequent to completion of our Initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our Initial Business Combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with
our Initial Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

The performance graph has been omitted as permitted
under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds
from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

On March 16, 2023, in connection with the Business
Combination NRAC, Braiin and Meteora entered into the Forward Purchase Agreement providing for the issue and sale of up to 2,900,000 NRAC
Class A Ordinary Shares. The Class A Ordinary Shares that may be issued in connection with the Forward Purchase Agreement have not been
registered under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or
Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

On November 11, 2020, our Sponsor paid an aggregate
of 25,000 for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares ). On February 1, 2021, the Company declared a stock dividend with respect to the Class B ordinary shares such that 0.05
Class B ordinary shares were issued for every one share of Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of 6,037,500 Class B ordinary
shares outstanding. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 787,500 Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that
the option to purchase additional units was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20 
of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On February 4, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised
its over-allotment option; thus, these 787,500 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Our Sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or (ii)
the date following the completion of the Initial Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange
or other similar transaction that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as
adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from
the lockup. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 4,553,334 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.50 per Private
Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 6.8 million. 

Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for one whole share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company
does not complete an Initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.
The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor
or its permitted transferees. 

39 

In connection with the Initial Public Offering,
the Sponsor and the Company s initial officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell
any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. 

Use of Proceeds 

On February 4, 2021, the Company consummated its
Initial Public Offering of 24,150,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 241.5 million. Stifel, Nicolaus Company,
Incorporated, Oppenheimer Co. and William Blair Company, L.L.C. acted as joint book-running managers for the Initial Public
Offering. The securities sold in the Initial Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form
S-1 (No. 333-252055). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on February 1, 2021. 

Substantially concurrently with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 4,553,334 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.50
per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 6.8 million. 

In connection with the Initial Public Offering,
we incurred offering costs of approximately 14.4 million (including deferred underwriting commissions of approximately 9.1 million).
Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the Initial Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting
discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination,
if consummated) and the Initial Public Offering expenses, 241.5 million 10.00 per share) of the net proceeds from our Initial Public
Offering and certain of the proceeds from the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants (or 10.00 per Unit sold in the Initial
Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account and invested as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

There has been no material change in the planned
use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as is described in the Company s final prospectus related
to the Initial Public Offering. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated from the Initial Public Offering, see Item
1. Business. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, our, 
 us or we refer to Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation . The following discussion and analysis of
the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements
and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual
results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a
Cayman Islands exempted company on November 4, 2020. We were incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses that we have not yet identified Initial Business Combination ). 

Our sponsor is Northern Revival Sponsor LLC, a Cayman
Island limited liability company which changed its name from Noble Rock Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ). The registration statement
for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on February 1, 2021. On February 4, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering
of 24,150,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the
 Public Shares ), which includes 3,150,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ),
at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 241.5 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 14.4 million, net of reimbursement
from the underwriter. Of these offering costs, approximately 9.1 million and approximately 320,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions
and deferred legal fees, respectively. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 4,553,334 warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant
with our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 6.8 million. 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement, 241.5 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds
of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of an Initial Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account as described below. 

40 

We intend to complete our Initial Business Combination
using cash from the remaining proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement of the Private Placement Warrants, our
capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. The issuance of additional shares of our stock in a business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions
in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class
B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our ordinary shares if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our
ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our ordinary shares is issued, which may affect, among other
things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present
officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person
seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an Initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our
debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach
certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such
financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for
dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other
general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government
regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements,
and execution of our strategy; and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

If we are unable to complete an Initial Business
Combination by September 4, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Company s Directors, (taking into account the extension
as described below, the Combination Period ), we will (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the
remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

41 

Recent Developments 

Proposed Business Combination 

On March 20, 2023, we entered into the Business
Combination Agreement with our Sponsor, Braiin and the Braiin Supporting Shareholders who collectively own 100 of the outstanding ordinary
shares of Braiin. Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, a business combination between NRAC and Braiin will be
effected as a share exchange in which Braiin shareholders exchange 100 of their Braiin Shares for a pro rata portion of Class A Ordinary
Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of NRAC with an aggregate value of 190 million. The number of shares to be issued will be based
upon a per share value of 10.00. The aggregate value is subject to adjustment up or down based upon certain indebtedness and cash on
hand of Braiin as set forth in its audited financial statements. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, Braiin will acquire
PowerTec, an Australian distributor that supplies connectivity solutions to individuals and businesses around the world. Following the
Share Exchange, Braiin will continue as a subsidiary of the Company, and the Company will change its name to Braiin Holdings. 
We refer to NRAC after giving effect to the Business Combination, as New Braiin. 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, NRAC and Braiin entered into separate support agreements with the Braiin Supporting Shareholders and the Sponsor
pursuant to which the Braiin Supporting Shareholders and the Sponsor have agreed to vote their Braiin shares and NRAC shares, respectively,
in favor of the Business Combination and against any competing acquisition proposal, and not to solicit any competing acquisition proposal.
In addition, the Sponsor has agreed to surrender 1,500,000 NRAC founder shares immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination
(the Closing and to waive: (i) redemption rights with respect to its NRAC shares in connection with the Business Combination,
and (ii) the right to have any working capital loans extended to NRAC converted into warrants. 

Forward Purchase Agreement 

On March 16, 2023, in connection with the Business
Combination NRAC, Braiin and Meteora entered into the Forward Purchase Agreement providing for the issue and sale of up to 2,900,000 NRAC
Class A Ordinary Shares. The Class A Ordinary Shares that may be issued in connection with the Forward Purchase Agreement have not been
registered under the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or
Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement, Meteora
has agreed to make purchases of Class A Ordinary Shares of NRAC: (a) in open-market purchases through a broker after the date of NRAC s
redemption deadline in connection with the vote of NRAC shareholders to approve the Business Combination from holders of Class A Ordinary
Shares of NRAC, including those who elect to redeem Class A Ordinary Shares and subsequently revoked their prior elections to redeem (the
 Recycled Shares and (b) directly from NRAC, newly-issued Class A Ordinary Shares of NRAC (the Additional Shares 
and, together with the Recycled Shares, the Subject Shares ). The aggregate total Subject Shares will be up to 2,900,000
(but not more than 9.9 of NRAC s Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding on a post-transaction basis) (the Maximum Number of
Shares ). Meteora has agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any Subject Shares in connection with the Business Combination. 

The Forward Purchase Agreement provides that no
later than the earlier of (a) one business day after the closing of the Business Combination and (b) the date any assets from NRAC s
trust account are disbursed in connection with the Business Combination, the Combined Company will pay to Meteora, out of funds held in
its Trust Account, an amount (the Prepayment Amount equal to (x) the per-share redemption price (the Initial Price multiplied by (y) the number of Recycled Shares on the date of such prepayment less the Prepayment Shortfall. The Prepayment Shortfall
is equal to the lesser of (i) ten percent of the product of (x) the Number of NRAC Class A Ordinary Shares multiplied by (y) the Initial
Price and (ii) 3,000,000. 

Meteora may, at its discretion and at any time
following the closing of the Business Combination, provide an Optional Early Termination notice OET Notice and pay to
the Combined Company the product of the Reset Price and the number of NRAC s Class A Ordinary Shares listed on the
OET Notice. The Reset Price shall initially equal the Initial Price but shall be adjusted on the first scheduled trading date of each
two-week period commencing on the first week following the 30th day after the closing of the Business Combination to the lowest of (i)
the current Reset Price, (ii) the Initial Price and (iii) the volume weighted average price VWAP of NRAC s Class
A Ordinary Shares of the prior two week period. 

The Forward Purchase Agreement matures on the earlier
to occur of (a) three years after the closing of the Business Combination, (b) the date specified by Meteora in a written notice delivered
at Meteora s discretion if (i) the VWAP of NRAC s Class A Ordinary Shares during 10 out of 30 consecutive trading days is
at or below 5.00 per Share, or (ii) the Shares are delisted from a national securities exchange. At maturity, Meteora will be entitled
to receive maturity consideration in cash or shares. The maturity consideration will equal the product of (1) (a) the Number of NRAC Class
A Ordinary Shares less (b) the number of Terminated Shares, multiplied by (2) 1.50 in the event of cash or, in the event of NRAC Class
A Ordinary Shares, 2.00; and 2.50, solely in the event of a registration failure. 

For further information regarding the Business
Combination and the Forward Purchase Agreement, See Item 1. Business Business Combination Agreement and Item
1. Business Certain Related Agreements Forward Purchase Agreement. 

42 

Departure of certain officers and directors; name change and Class
B conversion 

On February 9, 2023, in accordance with the provisions
of a binding agreement that provides for the withdrawal or significant reduction in investment in the Sponsor by certain existing investors
and the resulting transfer of control of the Sponsor: (i) Whitney Bower resigned as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, (ii) Peter Low
resigned as Chief Financial Officer and director and (iii) Michael Alter and David Lang resigned as independent directors, (iv) the board
appointed Aemish Shah as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Manpreet Singh as Chief Financial Officer and a director, and also
appointed Joseph Tonnos, David Tanzer and Asad Zafar to serve as directors, determining each of Messrs. Tonnos, Tanzer and Zafar to be
an independent director under the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. We agreed to change our name in connection with these changes.
Mr. Tonnos served on the NRAC board of directors from February 9, 2023 until his resignation on March 15, 2023. Such resignation was not
a result of disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies or practices. 

On March 16, 2023, we held our General Meeting
for the purposes of considering and voting upon: (i) a special resolution, to amend our charter to change the name of the company from
Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation to Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation; and (ii) a special resolution, to amend the charter to
change certain provisions which restrict our Class B ordinary shares from converting to Class A ordinary shares prior to the closing of
the business combination. Both the Name Change Proposal and Conversion Proposal were approved by the shareholders at the General Meeting.
The purpose of the Name Change Proposal was to amend the name of the company as agreed in connection with the departures of Messrs. Bower,
Low, Alter and Lang. The purpose of the Conversion Proposal was to remove restrictions contained in the charter in order to permit the
Class B ordinary shares to convert into Class A ordinary shares prior to the closing of the business combination which will enable the
company to meet certain Nasdaq listing requirements. The holders of such shares will continue to be subject to the same restrictions as
the Class B ordinary shares before any conversion, including, among others, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights
and the obligation to vote in favor of a business combination as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering. 

Extension, redemptions and contributions 

On January 27, 2023, we held an extraordinary general
meeting of shareholders where the shareholders approved a special resolution to amend our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association (the Extension Amendment to extend the date by which the company may either (i) consummate a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganisation or similar business combination, from February 4, 2023 to September 4, 2023
(such later date, the extended date or such earlier date as determined by the board or (ii) cease its operations, except
for the purpose of winding up if it fails to complete an initial business combination, and (iii) redeem all of the Class A ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, of the company, included as part of the units sold in the company s Initial Public Offering that was
consummated on February 4, 2021 from February 4, 2023 to September 4, 2023 or such earlier date as determined by the board. 

In connection with the solicitation of proxies in connection with the Extension
Amendment, holders of 21,240,830 Class A ordinary shares of our then-outstanding 24,150,000 Class A ordinary shares outstanding with redemption
rights, elected to redeem their shares at a per share redemption price of approximately 10.17. In connection with the solicitation of
proxies in connection with the Conversion Proposal, holders of 433,699 Class A ordinary shares of our then-outstanding 8,946,670 Class
A ordinary shares outstanding with redemption rights, elected to redeem their shares at a per share redemption price of approximately
 10.33. On March 28, 2023, the Company elected to permit one shareholder, at the shareholder s request, to reverse their redemption
as to 5,000 Class A ordinary shares, resulting in a total of 428,699 redemptions in connection with the solicitation of proxies in connection
with the Conversion Proposal. On April 5, 2023, the Sponsor elected to convert 6,037,499 Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary
shares. Following such meetings, the redemptions related thereto and the Sponsor s conversion of Class B ordinary shares into Class
A ordinary shares, there are a total of 8,517,971 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, including (i) 8,517,970 Class A ordinary shares
and (ii) 1 Class B ordinary share outstanding. As of April 27, 2023, there was a total of approximately 25.8 million million held in
the trust account. 

As previously disclosed in connection with the
solicitation of proxies for the Extension Proposal, the Sponsor has indicated that, it will contribute to the Company as a loan (each
loan being referred to herein as a contribution the lesser of (i) 100,000 and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to 0.055
multiplied by the number of public shares of the Company that are not redeemed, for each month commencing on February 4, 2023 and on or
prior to the fourth day of each subsequent month, if applicable (each such month period an extension period) until the earlier
of (x) the date of the extraordinary general meeting held in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an Initial Business Combination
(y) the extended date and (z) the date that the board determines in its sole discretion to no longer seek an Initial Business Combination.
Each contribution will be deposited in the trust account within three business days of the beginning of the extended period which such
contribution is for. The contributions will be repayable by the company to the Sponsor upon consummation of an Initial Business Combination.
The Company s board of directors will have the sole discretion whether to continue extending for additional extension periods, and
if the board determines not to continue extending for additional months, the additional contributions will terminate. If this occurs,
the Company would wind up the Company s affairs and redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares in accordance with the procedures
set forth in the company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Charter ). The Sponsor contributed to the Company as a loan the first, second and third deposits of 100,000 each into the Trust Account on February
4, 2023, March 4, 2023 and April 4, 2023. 

43 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since November 4, 2020 (inception)
through December 31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for the Public Offering, and since the closing of the Public Offering,
the search for a prospective Initial Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date.
We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our Initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income
in the form of gains on investment (net), dividends and interest held in trust account. We will incur increased expenses as a result of
being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net
income of approximately 8.4 million, which consisted of 6.4 million for a change in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities,
approximately 3.5 million of income from investments held in the Trust Account, offset by approximately 1.5 million of general and administrative
expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net
income of approximately 9.4 million, which consisted of 11.5 million for a change in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities,
approximately 26,000 of income from investments held in the Trust Account, offset by approximately 769,000 of financing costs and approximately
 1.3 million of general and administrative expenses. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 42,000
cash in our operating bank account and working capital of approximately 2,000. 

Through December 31, 2022, our liquidity needs
had been satisfied through a payment of 25,000 from our Sponsor to cover for certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Founder
Shares and the loan of 45,000 from our Sponsor pursuant to the Note. Subsequent to the closing of the Initial Public Offering and Private
Placement, the proceeds from the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account will be used to satisfy our liquidity. Including amounts
borrowed subsequent to December 31, 2020, we borrowed a total of approximately 195,000 through the Note and we repaid the Note in full
on February 5, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an Initial Business Combination, our Sponsor
or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding or any Working Capital Loans. Management intends to utilize Sponsor
support to continue meeting its obligations. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, we have until
September 4, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by our Directors to consummate an Initial Business Combination. It is uncertain
that we will be able to meet its obligations within the next 12 months or consummate an Initial Business Combination by this time. If
an Initial Business Combination is not consummated by the end of the Combination Period, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution of the Company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should an Initial Business
Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate. 

44 

Related Party Transactions 

Founder Shares 

On November 11, 2020, the initial shareholders
paid an aggregate of 25,000 for certain expenses on our behalf in exchange for issuance of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares ). On February 1, 2021, we declared a stock dividend with respect to the Class B ordinary shares such that 0.05 Class B ordinary
shares were issued for each share of Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of 6,037,500 Class B ordinary shares outstanding.
The initial shareholders agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 787,500 Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option
to purchase additional units was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20 of our issued
and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On February 4, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option;
thus, these 787,500 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Initial Shareholders agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of the Initial Business Combination
or (ii) the date following the completion of the Initial Business Combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange
or other similar transaction that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as
adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be released from
the lockup. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 4,553,334 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement
Warrant with our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 6.8 million. 

Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for one whole share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants to our Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete
an Initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement
Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted
transferees. 

Our Sponsor and our officers and directors agreed,
subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion
of the Initial Business Combination. 

Related Party Loans 

On November 11, 2020, our Sponsor agreed to loan
us up to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ).
The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2020, we borrowed
 45,000 under the Note. As of February 4, 2021, we had a cumulative borrowing of 195,000. We repaid the Note in full on February 5, 2021. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an Initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, members of our founding team or any of their affiliates may, but are
not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If we complete an Initial Business Combination,
we will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans
would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that an Initial Business Combination does not close, we
may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account
would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of an Initial Business
Combination, without interest, or, at the lenders discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into warrants of the post Initial Business Combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the
Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no
written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no outstanding Working Capital Loans. 

45 

Administrative Support Agreement 

Commencing on the date that our securities were
first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of the Initial Business Combination and the liquidation, we agreed to pay our
Sponsor a total of 30,000 per month for office space, administrative, financial and support services. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, we incurred expenses under this agreement of 360,000 and 330,000, respectively, included as general and administrative
expenses on the statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no amounts payable for these services. 

In addition, our Sponsor, directors and officers,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Initial Business Combinations. Our audit
committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, directors, officers or any of their affiliates.
For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred approximately 74,000 of reimbursable expenses to related party, included as general
and administrative expenses on the accompanying statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 65,000 of reimbursable
expenses was paid to related party and approximately 59,000 is payable and presented as due to related party on the balance sheets. No
expenses were incurred as of December 31, 2021. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The initial shareholders and holders of the Private
Placement Warrants are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The initial shareholders and holders
of the Private Placement Warrants are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register
such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have piggy-back registration rights to include
their securities in other registration statements filed by us. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from
the date of the prospectus to purchase up to 3,150,000 additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts
and commissions. On February 4, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option. 

The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of 0.20 per unit, or approximately 4.8 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
 0.375 per unit, or approximately 9.1 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions.
The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete
an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. In addition, the underwriters paid to us an amount
equal to 0.25 of the offering gross proceeds, or 603,750 in the aggregate to reimburse certain expenses in connection with the Initial
Public Offering. 

Contingent Fee Arrangement 

On August 4, 2022, we entered into an agreement
with an independent third party to provide sourcing and advisory services related to completing a successful business combination. As
consideration for the services to be rendered, we have agreed to pay them a success fee of 2,415,000, payable only upon the completion
of a business combination. Any related expenses or out-of-pocket costs are borne solely by the third party. 

Deferred Legal Fees 

We engaged a legal counsel firm for legal advisory
services, and the firm agreed to defer their fees in excess of 250,000 Deferred Legal Fees ). The deferred fee will become
payable in the event that we complete an Initial Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded approximately 1.1
million and 605,000 in deferred legal fees, respectively. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

This management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial
instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that
we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

46 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Our portfolio of investments is comprised of U.S.
government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or
less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily determinable fair value,
or a combination thereof. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the investments
are classified as trading securities. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds, the investments
are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds are presented on the balance sheets at fair value
at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in income
on investments held in the Trust Account in the accompanying statement of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in
the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards
Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). Class A ordinary
shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control
of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature
certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 24,150,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside
of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheets. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption value
immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption to equal the redemption
value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date
for the security. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the remeasurement from initial book value
to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional
paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures
to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued warrants to purchase ordinary
shares, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480
and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), Embedded Derivatives ASC 815-15 ). The classification
of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end
of each reporting period. 

The warrants issued in connection with the Initial
Public Offering (the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance
with ASC 815-40, Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815-40 ). Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments
as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement
at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. The fair value
of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering were initially measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo
simulation model. Subsequently, the fair value of the Public Warrants has been determined based on the observable listed trading price
for such warrants. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was initially and subsequently measured at fair value using a Black-Scholes
Merton (BSM) model through September 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined the difference between the Public Warrant
and Private Warrant fair value would be de minimus and therefore measured the Private Warrants by reference to the listed trading price
of the Public Warrants. 

Offering Costs Associated with the Initial Public Offering 

Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting,
underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the Initial Public Offering that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering.
Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value
basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with warrant liabilities are expensed as incurred, presented as
non-operating expenses in the statement of operations. Offering costs associated with the Class A ordinary shares were charged to the
carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. We classify deferred underwriting commissions as non-current
liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

47 

Net Income Per Ordinary Share 

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements
of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares
and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per ordinary share is
calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average ordinary shares outstanding for the respective period. 

The calculation of diluted net income does not
consider the effect of the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 11,775,540 shares of Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, because exercise is contingent
upon future events. For the year ended December 31, 2021 the number of weighted average Class B ordinary shares for calculating basic
net income per ordinary share was reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 787,500 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture
if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or part by the underwriters. Since the contingency was satisfied, we included these
shares in the weighted average number as of the beginning of the period to determine the dilutive impact of these shares. Remeasurement
associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

We do not believe that any recently issued, but
not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual
obligations. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into
law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies.
We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

As an emerging growth company , we
are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public
companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by
the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about
the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee
compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until
we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-24 comprising
a portion of this Report. 

Item 9. Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

48 

Item 9.A. Controls
and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded
that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Report does not include an attestation report
of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9.B. Other
Information. 

None. 

Item 9.C. Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

49 

Part III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth information about
our directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Aemish Shah 
 
 37 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Manpreet Singh 
 
 40 
 
 Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 David Tanzer 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 Asad Zafar 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

Aemish Shah has served as Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Company since February 9, 2023. He has served as a director of the Company since January 2021. Since January
2016, Mr. Shah has been the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of General Global Capital GenGlobal ), a growth state technology
investment firm focused on software and financial technology companies with notable investments that include Carta, SpaceX, SoFi, Impossible
foods, Digital Ocean, Rubrik, Grab Inc., Figure Technologies, Caastle, Avant/Amount and Postmates. Mr. Shah has over sixteen years of
experience as a technology investor and financial services banker. Over the course of his career, he has worked on over twenty successful
M A transactions with an aggregate value of over five billion dollars. Mr. Shah has also served on numerous non-profit boards and
currently works with TeacherCraft, an EdTech non-profit focused on professional development. Mr. Shah began his career with Pricewaterhouse
Coopers as a Senior Associate in the financial advisory practice. Mr. Shah graduated from Cornell University with a Bachelor of Science
in Operations Research and Industrial Engineering. 

Manpreet Singh, CFA , has served as Chief
Financial Officer and a director of the Company since February 9, 2023. From 2018 to the present, Mr. Singh has served as the CIO at Singh
Capital Partners SCP where he is responsible for all investment decisions and operations. In 2006, Mr. Singh became one
of the youngest CFA charter holders in the world and was profiled by the organization as its Most Ambitious member. He serves
on the numerous public, non-profit and private company boards including Cemtrex (Nasdaq: CETX), Investcorp India Acquisition Corp (Nasdaq:
IVCA), AcquCo, PartsAvatar, Oats Overnights, US Inspect, Snowball Industries, Shukr Investments, Suburban Hospital (John Hopkins Medicine)
and Dingman Center at the Smith School of Business. Mr. Singh received his MBA from the Wharton School of Business in Entrepreneurship,
Finance, and Real Estate. He also holds a B.S. in Finance with a citation in Entrepreneurship from the University of Maryland, College
Park. 

David Tanzer has served as an independent
director of the Company since February 9, 2023. Currently, Mr. Tanzer is a manager for Mercury FundingCo., LLC since June 2019, an executive
chairman of XGen Ai since March 2020, a board observer of Veransa Group since December 2021, and a board observer of Open Road Integrated
Media since December 2021. From 2019 to 2020, Mr. Tanzer was the Chief Executive Officer at TBD Safety, LLC which sold personal emergency
response system products. Prior to that, Mr. Tanzer was Chief Executive Officer at LifeShield, LLC which sold home security products from
February 2017 to February 2018. In total, Mr. Tanzer has over 35 years of experience in senior operating roles and investing in and advising
acquisition candidates and operating companies in industry sectors including media, B2B SaaS, sustainability, real estate and AI/machine
learning. Mr. Tanzer has served on 10 boards, including Healthy Directions (an American Securities Capital Partners portfolio company),
CurtCo Robb Media (GE Capital) and The Noodle Companies and its four operating subsidiaries. Mr. Tanzer has provided M A consulting
services to leading private equity firms including Blackstone Partners, Elevation Partners, Great Hill Partners, Insight Partners, Lee
Equity Partners, Madison Dearborn, Warburg Pincus and Zelnick Media, as well as companies such as InterActiveCorp, NutriSystem, Publishers
Clearinghouse, and Scholastic. Mr. Tanzer received his B.A. from Harvard College, graduating magna cum laude, and his MBA from Harvard
Business School, where he was a Baker Scholar. 

Asad Zafar has serve as an independent director
of the Company since February 9, 2023. From September 2021 to present, Mr. Zafar has worked as a Portfolio Manager at Vitol. Prior to
that, Mr. Zafar worked as an analyst for Citadel Global Equities from July 2017 to August 2020. From March 2015 to July 2017, Mr. Zafar
worked at Karlin Asset Management as managing director and portfolio manager. Throughout his career, Mr. Zafar has directly managed over
 1 billion in equity portfolios. Mr. Zafar received his MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania where he was a Joseph
H. Lauder fellow and a B.A. from Ohio Wesleyan University where he was a Presidential Scholar. Mr. Zafar holds the Chartered Financial
Analyst (CFA) designation, Certified in Quantitative Finance (CQF) designation and CPIM (Certified in Product and Inventory Management)
designation. 

50 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing rules require that a majority of
our board of directors be independent within one year of our Initial Public Offering. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have currently have two independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq
listing standards and applicable SEC rules. The board intends to identify and appoint a third independent director to fill the vacancy
left by the resignation of Joseph Tonnos on March 15, 2023. Our board has determined that David Tanzer and Asad Zafar are independent
directors under applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

Number, Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists of five members,
one seat being currently vacant. Prior to our Initial Business Combination, holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint
all of our directors and remove members of the board of directors for any reason, and holders of our public shares will not have the right
to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
may only be amended by a special resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general
meeting. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders,
any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at the
meeting of our board of directors or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares (or, prior to our Initial Business Combination,
holders of our founder shares). 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman, a Chief Executive
Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer
and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has three standing committees
 an audit committee in compliance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, a compensation committee and a nominating committee,
each comprised of independent directors. Under Nasdaq listing rule 5615(b)(1), a company listing in connection with its initial public
offering is permitted to phase in its compliance with the independent committee requirements. We do not intend to rely on the phase-in
schedules set forth in Nasdaq listing rule 5615(b)(1). 

Audit Committee 

The members of our audit committee are David Tanzer and Asad Zafar.
Asad Zafar serves as chair of the audit committee. 

Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board of directors has determined that each of David Tanzer and Asad Zafar qualify as an audit committee financial
expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which
details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
(3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications
and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered
public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the auditors have with us in order
to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

51 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent
registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal
quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities,
within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such
issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent
registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports
that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards
or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation committee are Asad
Zafar and David Tanzer. Asad Zafar serves as chair of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation committee charter,
which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and
equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers
and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser
and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging
or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating and corporate governance
committee are David Tanzer and Asad Zafar. David Tanzer serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. 

52 

We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance
committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board of
directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill
vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management
in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

The charter also provides that the nominating and
corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used
to identify director candidates, and is directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms. 

We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders.
Prior to our Initial Business Combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination
to our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics and business conduct
(our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of our Code of
Ethics as an exhibit to our Annual Report. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web
site at www.sec.gov. In addition, we will provide a copy of the Code of Ethics without charge upon request. We intend to disclose any
amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers
owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

duty to not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests;
and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. 

53 

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty
of care, which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both
the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried
out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge, skill and experience which that director has. 

As set out above, directors have a duty not to
put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of
their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance
by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. 

Our management team, in their capacities as directors,
officers or employees of our Sponsor or its affiliates or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential Initial Business Combinations
to other entities to which our directors and officers currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations, current or future entities
affiliated with or managed by our Sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. 

Our directors and officers presently have, and
any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present an Initial Business Combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our directors
or officers becomes aware of an Initial Business Combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Initial Business
Combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We do not believe, however, that
the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue
Initial Business Combination opportunities or complete our Initial Business Combination. 

Potential investors should also be aware of the
following potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our directors or officers is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of
interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our directors and officers may become aware of investment and business opportunities
that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. For a description of our management s
other affiliations, see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officer and Corporate Governance. 

In connection with the Initial Public Offering, our initial shareholders and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our Initial Business Combination, and our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our Initial Business Combination within 24 months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering or such later date as extended. However, if our initial shareholders (or our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or affiliates) acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our Initial Business Combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial shareholders until the earlier of: (1) one year after the completion of our Initial Business Combination; and (2) subsequent to our Initial Business Combination (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our Initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the ordinary shares underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our Initial Business Combination. Since our Sponsor and directors and officers will directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and warrants following the Initial Public Offering, our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our Initial Business Combination. 

54 

Our directors and officers may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular
Initial Business Combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our Initial Business Combination
and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular Initial Business Combination. 

Our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Initial Business Combination if
the retention or resignation of any such directors and officers was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with
respect to our Initial Business Combination. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved
in our favor. 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer
shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same
or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an
opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on
the one hand, and us, on the other . We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue Initial Business Combination opportunities or complete our Initial Business
Combination. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an Initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers.
In the event we seek to complete our Initial Business Combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested
directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting
firm that such an Initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In addition, our Sponsor or any of its affiliates
may make additional investments in the company in connection with the Initial Business Combination, although our Sponsor and its affiliates
have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our Sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional investments, such
proposed investments could influence our Sponsor s motivation to complete an Initial Business Combination. 

In the event that we submit our Initial Business Combination to our
public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer have agreed, pursuant to the terms of
a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares (and their permitted transferees will agree) and public shares held
by them in favor of our Initial Business Combination. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a
registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our ordinary shares and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 
beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished
to us, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners
were filed in a timely manner except that Forms 3, reporting initial ownership for Manpreet Singh, David Tanzer, Asad Zafar, and Joseph
Tonnos were filed late. Mr. Tonnos served on the NRAC board of directors from February 9, 2023 until his resignation on March 15, 2023.
Such resignation was not a result of disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies or practices. 

55 

Item 11. Executive
Compensation. 

None of our directors or officers have received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier
of consummation of our Initial Business Combination and our liquidation, we will pay our Sponsor a total of 30,000 per month for office
space, administrative, financial and support services. Other than as described herein, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s
fee, reimbursement or consulting fee, will be paid by us to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our Sponsor or officers,
prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our Initial Business Combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, our Sponsor, directors and officers, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable Initial Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made by us to our Sponsor, directors, officers or our or any of their affiliates. 

After the completion of our Initial Business Combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation from the combined
company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation
materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Initial Business Combination. It is unlikely the amount of such
compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive
officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our Initial Business Combination
will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We are not party to any agreements with our directors
and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements
may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our Initial Business Combination should be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential Initial Business Combination. 

Sponsor LLC Agreement 

On December 31, 2020, each of our then directors (or
their affiliates), officers and advisors together with certain third-party investors, including our anchor investor, entered into an amended
and restated limited liability company agreement (the Sponsor LLC Agreement of our Sponsor, Northern Revival Sponsor LLC
which was then known as Noble Rock Sponsor LLC. In connection with the provisions of a binding agreement that provides for the withdrawal
or significant reduction in investment in the Sponsor by certain existing investors and the resulting transfer of control of the Sponsor,
the Sponsor changed its name to Northern Revival Sponsor LLC and Aemish Shah became the sole manager of the Sponsor. 

Pursuant to the Sponsor LLC Agreement, certain of our directors (or
their affiliates), officers and advisors made capital contributions to our Sponsor in exchange for membership interests in our Sponsor
in an aggregate amount of 25,000, with respect to the issuance of 6,037,500 of our founder shares to our Sponsor. In addition, certain
of our directors (or their affiliates), officers and the third-party investors, including our anchor investor, agreed to make certain
at-risk capital contributions up to an aggregate amount of 6,830,000, the proceeds of which were used by our Sponsor to purchase the
Private Placement Warrants. Such persons also agreed to make additional capital contributions to our Sponsor upon request. 

Upon or after the consummation of our Initial Business
Combination and as determined by members of our Sponsor, our directors (or their affiliates), officers and advisors and the third-party
investors are entitled to receive distributions of the assets of our Sponsor in accordance with such persons then respective economic
interests in our Sponsor. 

56 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information available
to us as of April 27, 2023 with respect to our ordinary shares held by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined according to the
rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared
voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable
within 60 days. Except as described in the footnotes below and subject to applicable community property laws and similar laws, we believe
that each person listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares. 

In the table below, percentage ownership is
based on 8,517,971 ordinary shares outstanding as of April 27, 2023 including 8,517,970 Class A ordinary shares and 1 Class B ordinary
share. Voting power represents the combined voting power of ordinary shares owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be
voted upon, the holders of the ordinary shares vote together as a single class. The table below does not include any ordinary shares
underlying our outstanding warrants because such securities are not exercisable within 60 days of April 27, 2023. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares (1) 

Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2) 

Northern Revival Sponsor LLC (our sponsor) (3) 
 6,037,499 
 71 
 1 
 100 
 
 Aemish Shah (3) 
 6,037,499 
 71 
 1 
 100 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (6 individuals) 
 6,037,499 
 71 
 1 
 100 
 
 Owl Creek Credit Opportunities Master Fund, L.P. (4) 
 601,000 
 7.1 

(1) 
 Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in Exhibit 4.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is c/o Maples Fiduciary Services (Delaware) Inc., 4001 Kennett Pike, Suite 302, Wilmington, DE 19807. 

(3) 
 Northern Revival Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the Class B ordinary shares reported herein. Our officers and directors (or their affiliates) are members of our sponsor. Aemish Shah may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our sponsor by virtue of his control over our sponsor. Other than Aemish Shah, no member of our sponsor exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the shares held by our sponsor. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such shares. 

57 

(4) According to a Form 3 filed by Owl Creek Asset Management,
L.P. and Mr. Jeffrey A. Altman with the SEC on February 6, 2023 Owl Creek Credit Opportunities Master Fund, L.P. and a sub account managed
by Owl Creek Asset Management, L.P. were the beneficial owners of 601,000 Class A ordinary shares as of February 6, 2023. Owl Creek Asset
Management, L.P. serves as the investment manager to Owl Creek Credit Opportunities Master Fund, L.P. and Mr. Jeffrey A. Altman is the
managing member of the general partner of Owl Creek Credit Opportunities Master Fund, L.P. Mr. Altman disclaims beneficial ownership
of the Class A ordinary shares. 

Our initial shareholders beneficially own approximately 71 of our
issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our Initial Business Combination as a
result of holding all of the Class B ordinary shares. In addition, because of its ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively
influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our Charter and approval of
significant corporate transactions. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Founder Shares 

On November 11, 2020, our Sponsor paid an aggregate
of 25,000 for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of 5,750,000 Founder Shares. On February 1, 2021, the
Company declared a stock dividend with respect to the Class B ordinary shares such that 0.05 Class B ordinary shares were issued for every
one share of Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of 6,037,500 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The initial shareholders
agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 787,500 Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase additional
units was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20 of the Company s issued and
outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On February 4, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option;
thus, these 787,500 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Initial Shareholders agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of the Initial Business Combination
or (ii) the date following the completion of the Initial Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share
exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00
per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be
released from the lockup. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 4,553,334 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.50 per Private
Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately 6.8 million. 

Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for one whole share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company
does not complete an Initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.
The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor
or its permitted transferees. 

58 

The Sponsor and the Company s officers and
directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days
after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. 

If we do not complete an Initial Business Combination
within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering, or the expiration of any subsequent extension, the proceeds of the sale of the
Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, subject to the requirements of applicable law, and
the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the
exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the
Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed upon the effective
date of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect
to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the Initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Related Party Notes 

On November 11, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company up to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of February
4, 2021, the Company borrowed 195,000 under the Note. The Company repaid the Note in full on February 5, 2021. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with an Initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, members of the Company s founding team or any of their affiliates
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes
an Initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to
the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that
an Initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital
Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of an Initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lenders discretion,
up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Initial Business Combination entity at a
price of 1.50 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of
such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative Agreement 

Commencing on the date that the Company s
securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of the Initial Business Combination and the liquidation, the
Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 30,000 per month for office space, administrative, financial and support services. 

In addition, the Sponsor, directors and officers,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the
Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Initial Business Combinations.
The Company s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to the Sponsor, directors, officers
or the Company s or any of their affiliates. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

59 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following is a summary of fees incurred to
Marcum LLP, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of
fees for professional services rendered for the audit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements, reviews of
our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees incurred by Marcum LLP for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the
SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and of services rendered in connection with our initial public offering, totalled
approximately 128,000 and 107,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit of our year-end
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. We did not pay Marcum LLP any audit-related fees for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist of fees
billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay Marcum LLP any tax fees for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees . All other fees consist
of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay Marcum LLP any other fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

60 

Part IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K: Financial Statements: See Item 8. Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 

(b) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to
exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by
reference can be obtained from the SEC s website at sec.gov. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2023, by and among Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation, Braiin Limited, Northern Revival Sponsor LLC, and certain shareholders of Braiin (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Extension Amendment to Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 27, 2023). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Name Change Amendment to Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2023). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Conversion Amendment to Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2023). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2021). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of the Company s securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2021). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, February 1, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2021). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2021). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2021). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2021). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and Whitney A. Bower (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2021). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and Pete Low (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2021). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 1, 2021 , between the Company and Michael D. Alter (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2021). 

61 

10.9 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and David Habiger (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2021). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and David Lang (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2021). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 1, 2021, between the Company and Aemish Shah (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2021). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between the Company and Manpreet Singh. 
 
 10.13 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between the Company and David M. Tanzer. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between the Company and Asad Zafar. 
 
 10.15 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between the Company and Joseph Tonnos. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2023, by and among Braiin Limited, Northern Revival Sponsor LLC and Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Company Shareholder Support Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2023, by and among Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation, Braiin Limited and certain shareholders of Braiin (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Company Shareholder Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Confirmation of OTC Equity Prepaid Forward Transaction from (i) Meteora Special Opportunity Fund I, LP, (ii) Meteora Capital Partners, LP and (iii) Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP to Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation and Braiin Limited (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2023). 
 
 14.01 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct of Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 8, 2021). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

Item 16. Form
10-K Summary. 

None. 

62 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation (formerly
known as 

Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation) 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation (formerly known as Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation) (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has
incurred significant costs, needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations and the Company s
business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit s to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit s included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit s also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit s provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

New York, 

April 28, 2023 

F- 2 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 
 -

Accrued expenses 

Due to related party 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Deferred legal fees 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares subject to possible redemption at and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value shares authorized none issued or outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; no non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Financing costs - derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares,basic 

Basic net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, diluted 

Diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDER S
DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -

Excess of cash received over fair value of private placement warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Financing costs - derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 
 
 -

Accrued expenses 

Due to related party 
 
 -

Deferred legal fees 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Cash used in investing activities 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from note payable related party 
 -

Repayment of note payable to related party 
 -

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 -

Proceeds received from private placement 
 -

Reimbursement from underwriter 
 -

Offering costs paid 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 
 
 -

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Offering costs included in accounts payable 
 -
 
 -

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 -

Offering costs included in deferred legal fees 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the
Units being offered, the Public Shares ), which included additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment
Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million,
net of reimbursement from the underwriter. Of these offering costs, approximately million and approximately was for deferred
underwriting commissions and deferred legal fees, respectively (Note 6). 

warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant
with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately million (Note 4). 

million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds
of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
acting as trustee and invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account as described below. 

of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted,
and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time the
Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business
Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. 

F- 7 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds
held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed
to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay
to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). These Public Shares are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity
upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, ASC 480). In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination
if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares
voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to
hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association adopted by the Company upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder
approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons,
the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder
Shares (as defined in Note 5) prior to the Initial Public Offering (the Initial Shareholders agreed to vote their Founder
Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the
Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with
the completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the Company agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial
Business Combination without the prior consent of the Sponsor. 

or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the
Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the
Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

F- 8 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares outstanding with redemption rights, the holders of Class A ordinary shares elected to
redeem their shares at a per share redemption price of approximately . As a result, approximately million was removed from
the Trust Account to pay such holders. As of April 27, 2023 the remaining balance of approximately million was held as cash in the
Trust Account. See Note 11. 

and (ii) an aggregate amount equal to multiplied by
the number of Class A ordinary shares of the Company that are not redeemed in connection with the shareholder vote to approve the
Extension Proposal, for each month commencing on February 4, 2023 and on or prior to the fourth day of each subsequent month,
if applicable (each such month period an extension period) until the earlier of (x) the date of the extraordinary general
meeting held in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an initial business combination (y) the extended date and (z) the
date that the board determines in its sole discretion to no longer seek an initial Business Combination. Each contribution will be deposited
in the Trust Account within three business days of the beginning of the extended period which such contribution is for. The contributions
will be repayable by the Company to the Sponsor upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Company s board of directors
will have the sole discretion whether to continue extending for additional extension periods, and if the board determines not to continue
extending for additional months, the additional contributions will terminate. If this occurs, the Company will wind up the Company s
affairs and redeem of the outstanding Public Shares in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Company s charter. See
Note 11. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which
interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any);
and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board
of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In connection with the redemption of of the Company s outstanding
Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then
in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay the Company s taxes payable (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses). 

per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the
amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third
party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into
a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in
the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to
any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by
endeavoring to have vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately . 

F- 9 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

from the Sponsor to cover for certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Founder
Shares (as defined in Note 5), the loan of from the Sponsor pursuant to the Note (as defined in Note 5), and the proceeds from
the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. The Company repaid the Note in full on February 5, 2021. In addition,
in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in
Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding or any Working Capital Loans. Management intends to utilize
Sponsor support to continue meeting its obligations. 

F- 10 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on these accounts
and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 11 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 12 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares subject to
possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance
sheets. 

F- 13 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income per share, because their exercise is
contingent upon future events. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the number of weighted average Class B ordinary shares for calculating
basic net income per ordinary share was reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 787,500 Class B ordinary shares that were subject to
forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or part by the underwriters (see Note 5). Since the contingency was
satisfied, the Company included these shares in the weighted average number as of the beginning of the period to determine the dilutive
impact of these shares. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the
redemption value approximates fair value. 

Allocation of net income - Diluted 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding 

Basic net income per ordinary share 

Diluted net income per ordinary share 

Units, which includes Over-Allotment Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, net of reimbursement from the underwriter. Of these offering
costs, approximately million and approximately was for deferred underwriting commissions and deferred legal fees, respectively. 

per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

F- 14 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately million. On February 4, 2021, the day of issuance,
the fair value of the Private Placement warrants was approximately million compared to the gross proceeds received of approximately
 million, therefore, an excess of approximately cash was received over the fair value of the Private Placement warrants. The
excess in cash received over the fair value of the Private Placement warrants is recorded as additional paid in capital on the statement
of changes in shareholders deficit. 

per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private
Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its
permitted transferees. 

for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares ). On February 1, 2021, the Company declared a stock dividend with respect to the Class B ordinary shares such that 
Class B ordinary shares were issued for every one Class B ordinary share, resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares
outstanding. The initial shareholders agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent
that the option to purchase additional units was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent
 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On February 4, 2021, the underwriter fully
exercised its over-allotment option; thus, these Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, the Founder Shares will be
released from the lockup. 

F- 15 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Through February
4, 2021, the Company borrowed a total of and repaid the Note in full on February 5, 2021. 

million of such Working Capital Loans may
be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical
to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no outstanding Working Capital
Loans. 

per month for office space, administrative, financial and support services. For the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses under this agreement of and , respectively, included as general
and administrative expenses on the accompanying statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts payable
for these services. 

of
reimbursable expenses to related parties, included as general and administrative expenses on the accompanying statement of operations.
As of December 31, 2022, approximately of reimbursable expenses was paid by related party and approximately is payable
and presented as due to related party on the accompanying balance sheets. No expenses were incurred
as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 16 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On February 4, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option. 

per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
 per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions.
The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. In addition, the Company received reimbursement
from the underwriters of certain expenses in connection with the Initial Public Offering in the aggregate amount of , equal to
 of the offering gross proceeds. 

, payable only upon the
completion of a business combination. Any related expenses or out-of-pocket costs are borne solely by the third party. 

. The deferred fee will become payable in the
event that the Company completes a Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had deferred legal fees of approximately
 million and in connection with such services on the accompanying balance sheets. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than
15 business days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file
with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and
will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of the Company s
initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire
or are redeemed. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the
above requirements, the Company will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant
will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise
their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state
of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s Class A ordinary
shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public
Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event
the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue
sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

F- 17 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

F- 18 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

F- 19 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
shares of Class A ordinary shares outstanding, all of which were subject to redemption. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 

preference shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
 no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares
issued and outstanding, all subject to possible redemption and therefore classified as temporary equity on the accompanying balance sheets.
See Note 8. 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. On November 11, 2020, the Company issued
 Class B ordinary shares to the Initial Shareholders. On February 1, 2021, the Company declared a stock dividend with respect
to the Class B ordinary shares such that Class B ordinary shares were issued for each share of Class B ordinary shares, resulting
in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to
reflect the stock dividend (see Note 5). Of the Class B ordinary shares outstanding, up to Class B ordinary shares were
subject to forfeiture to the Company by the Initial Shareholders for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Shareholders will collectively own of the Company s issued
and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On February 4, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment
option; thus, these Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

F- 20 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B
ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders except as required by law. 

of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of
the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the
initial Business Combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business
Combination. 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative public warrant liabilities 
 
 -
 
 -

Derivative private placement warrant liabilities 
 -

-

Total derivative warrant liabilities 

-

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative public warrant liabilities 
 
 -
 
 -

Derivative private warrant liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Total derivative warrant liabilities 
 
 -

F- 21 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million,
respectively, presented as change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities on the accompanying statements of operations. 

Stock Price 

Option term to M A 

Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities - Level 3 

Transfer of Private Warrants to Level 2 measurement 

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2022 - Level 3 
 -

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 measurement 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities - Level 3 

Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2021 - Level 3 

million, which does not meet the requirement for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital
Market, as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS Rule ). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C),
the Nasdaq has provided the Company with 180 calendar days, or until October 3, 2023, to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule. The MVLS
Notice has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

F- 22 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of its Class B ordinary shares into Class A ordinary shares which
the Company believes will allow it to regain compliance with the MVLS requirement. On a pro forma basis, based on the closing stock price
of the Class A ordinary shares on April 4, 2023 of , this conversion would increase the MVLS by approximately million. In order
for the Company to regain compliance with the MVLS Rule, the Company s MVLS must equal or exceed million for at least 10 consecutive
trading days however and Nasdaq must provide written confirmation to the Company to close the matter. 

each into the Trust Account on February 4, 2023, March 4, 2023 and April 4, 2023. 

remaining Class A ordinary shares outstanding with redemption rights, the holders of Class A ordinary shares elected to redeem
their shares at a per share redemption price of approximately . As a result, approximately million was removed from the Trust
Account to pay such holders. As of April 27, 2023 the remaining balance of approximately million is being held as cash in the Trust
Account. 

of the outstanding ordinary shares of Braiin (the Braiin Shares ). Pursuant to the terms of the Business
Combination Agreement, a business combination between NRAC and Braiin (the Business Combination will be effected as a share
exchange in which Braiin shareholders exchange of their Braiin Shares for a pro rata portion of Class A Ordinary Shares, par value
 per share, of NRAC (the Class A Ordinary Shares with an aggregate value of million (the Share Exchange ).
The number of shares to be issued will be based upon a per share value of . The aggregate value is subject to adjustment up or down
based upon certain indebtedness and cash on hand of Braiin as set forth in its audited financial statements. Prior to the consummation
of the Business Combination, Braiin will acquire PowerTec Holdings Ltd., an Australian distributor that supplies connectivity solutions
to individuals and businesses around the world. PowerTec ). Following the Share Exchange, Braiin will continue as a subsidiary
of the Company, and the Company will change its name to Braiin Holdings. We refer to NRAC after giving effect to the Business
Combination, as New Braiin. 

NRAC founder shares immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination
(the Closing and to waive: (i) redemption rights with respect to its NRAC shares in connection with the Business Combination,
and (ii) the right to have any working capital loans extended to NRAC converted into warrants. 

(but not more than of NRAC s Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding on a post-transaction
basis) (the Maximum Number of Shares ). Meteora has agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any Subject Shares
in connection with the Business Combination. 

F- 23 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(FORMERLY KNOWN AS NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION) 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. 

NRAC Class B Ordinary Shares immediately prior to the Effective Time and to waive: (i) redemption rights
with respect to its NRAC shares in connection with the Business Combination, and (ii) the right to have any working capital loans extended
to NRAC converted into warrants. 

of net tangible
assets (determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of the Exchange Act) after all redemptions, (iv) approval of the Business Combination
and related transactions at the Shareholder Meeting, (v) the Share Consideration being approved for listing on Nasdaq, and (vi) all necessary
regulatory approvals being obtained. 

F- 24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

NORTHERN REVIVAL ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

Dated: April 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Aemish Shah 

Name: 
 Aemish Shah 

Title: 
 Chairman Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Aemish Shah 
 
 Chairman Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 28, 2023 
 
 Aemish Shah 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Manpreet Singh 
 
 Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 28, 2023 
 
 Manpreet Singh 
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ David Tanzer 
 
 Director 
 
 April 28, 2023 
 
 David Tanzer 

/s/ Asad Zafar 
 
 Director 
 
 April 28, 2023 
 
 Asad Zafar 

63 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_northern.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANYS SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

As of December 31, 2022, Northern Revival Acquisition
Corporation we, our, us or the company had the following three classes
of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ):
(i) its units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant, (ii) Class A ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001 per share, and (iii) redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an
exercise price of 11.50. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to our sponsor are to Northern Revival Sponsor
LLC and references to our initial shareholders are to our sponsor. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company
(company number 364656) and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act and common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001
par value each, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value each, and 5,000,000 undesignated preferred shares, 0.0001
par value each. Because the below is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary
share and one-third of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary
share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement that governs
the warrants (the warrant agreement ), a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s
Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. 

Holders have the option to continue to hold
their units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer
agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. Additionally, the units will automatically separate
into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. No fractional warrants
were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. 

Ordinary Shares 

Class A ordinary shareholders and Class
B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and
vote together as a single class, except as required by law; provided, that, prior to our initial business combination, holders
of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors and remove members of the board of directors
for any reason, and holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during
such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special
resolution passed by a majority of at least 90 of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting. Unless specified
in the Companies Act, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative
vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders (other
than the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination), and, prior to our initial business combination,
the affirmative vote of a majority of our founder shares is required to approve the appointment or removal of directors. Approval
of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and
approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Directors are appointed for a term of two years. There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the founder
shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors prior to our initial business combination. Our shareholders
are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business
combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary
shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we
seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with corporate governance
requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until
one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us
to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

We will provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of
two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein.
The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial
owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination or certain amendments
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Permitted transferees of our initial shareholders, directors
or officers will be subject to the same obligations. 

Unlike some blank check companies that hold
shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related
redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however,
a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to
obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like some blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in
conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder
approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting
of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions,
if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or
indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued
and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a
quorum is obtained. We intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if
required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the
voting agreements of our initial shareholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any
affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as
defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering IPO ), which we refer to as the Excess Shares, 
without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will
reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material
loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption
distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. As a result, such shareholders will continue
to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open
market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

2 

If we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor
of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations
on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if any. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public
shares without voting and, if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, if we have not completed our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
our IPO, we will (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and
which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of our IPO. However, if our initial shareholders or directors acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time period. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders at such time will be entitled to share ratably in all
assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of
shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There
are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject
to the limitations described herein. 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are designated as Class B
ordinary shares and are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units sold in our IPO, and holders of founder
shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (1) prior to our initial business combination, only
holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares
may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions,
as described in more detail below; (3) our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into a letter agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public
shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from
the closing of our IPO (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any
public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the founder
shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier
at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights,
as described in more detail below; and (5) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business
combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree),
pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them
purchased during or after our IPO in favor of our initial business combination. 

3 

The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on
a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities,
are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in our IPO and related to the closing of our initial business combination,
the ratio at which the Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of
a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect
to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B
ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding
upon the completion of our IPO plus all Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with our initial business combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller
in our initial business combination. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities
that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection
with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. 

With certain limited exceptions, the founder
shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our directors and officers and other persons or entities affiliated
with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of: (A) one year after the
completion of our initial business combination; and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination (x) if the last reported
sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends,
rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to
exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Register of Members 

Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a
register of members and there shall be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of
the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the
voting rights of the shares of each member; 

whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on
the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 

4 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of
members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption
of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members shall be deemed as
a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing
of our IPO, the register of members was updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members is updated,
the shareholders recorded in the register of members shall be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name.
However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination
on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order
that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not
reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect
of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Public Shareholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered
holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at
any time commencing on the later of 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and 12 months from the
closing of our IPO, except as described below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only
for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder.
No fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five
years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or
liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any
Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available, including in connection with
a cashless exercise permitted as a result of a notice of redemption described below under Redemption of warrants
when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 . No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless
basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the
shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption
is available. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant,
the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless.
In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the Class
A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same
to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with
the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are, at the time of any exercise
of a warrant, not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security 
under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants
to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect,
we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use our commercially reasonable efforts
to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each
holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the lesser
of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market
value and (B) 0.361. The fair market value as used in the preceding sentence shall mean the volume weighted average
price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of
exercise is received by the warrant agent. 

5 

Redemption of warrants when the price
per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem
the warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class
A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date
on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (which we refer to as the Reference Value equals
or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price
of a warrant as described under the heading Redeemable Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants 
Anti-dilution Adjustments ). 

We will not redeem the warrants as described
above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout
the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even
if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

We have established the last of the redemption
criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant
exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder
will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A
ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable
upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Redeemable Warrants Public
Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise
price after the redemption notice is issued. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per
Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the
outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior
written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption
and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair
market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; 

if, and only if, the Reference Value (as defined above
under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 equals or exceeds
 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant
as described under the heading Redeemable Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments );
and 

if the Reference Value is less than 18.00 per share (as
adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under
the heading Redeemable Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ),
the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants,
as described above. 

6 

During the period beginning on the date
the notice of redemption is given, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below
represent the number of Class A ordinary shares that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with
a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares
on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for
 0.10 per warrant), determined for these purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during
the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the
number of months that the corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the
table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day
period described above ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references
above to Class A ordinary shares shall include a security other than Class A ordinary shares into which the Class A ordinary shares
have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers
in the table below will not be adjusted when determining the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon exercise of the
warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

The share prices set forth in the column
headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant or
the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments 
below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share prices in the column headings
will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number
of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number
of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the
same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant
is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments 
below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator
of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments 
and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading
 Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted
share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment. 

Redemption Date 
 Fair Market Value of Class A Ordinary Shares 
 
 (period to expiration of warrants) 
 10.00 
 11.00 
 12.00 
 13.00 
 14.00 
 15.00 
 16.00 
 17.00 
 18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

7 

The exact fair market value and redemption
date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the
redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued for each warrant
exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower
fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable.
For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10 trading days immediately following
the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are
57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise
their warrants for 0.277 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption
date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10
trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50
per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection
with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 Class A ordinary shares for each whole warrant. In no event will
the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant
(subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they
cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will
not be exercisable for any Class A ordinary shares. 

This redemption feature differs from the
typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of
warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A ordinary shares exceeds 18.00
per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to
be redeemed when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading
price of our Class A ordinary shares is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to
provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set
forth above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. 
Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a
number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing model with a fixed volatility input. This redemption right provides
us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital
structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay
the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly
proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants
in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption
price to the warrant holders. 

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants
when the Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because
it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the
Class A ordinary shares are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders
receiving fewer Class A ordinary shares than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for
Class A ordinary shares if and when such Class A ordinary shares were trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. 

No fractional Class A ordinary shares will
be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round
down to the nearest whole number of the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption,
the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance,
if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such
time as the warrants become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, we (or surviving company) will use
our commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. 

8 

Redemption Procedures . A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have
the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a
holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Anti-dilution Adjustments . If
the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class
A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such
capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of
each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering
made to holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined
below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (1) the number of Class A
ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering
that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (2) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class
A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (1) if the rights offering
is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary
shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon
exercise or conversion and (2) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class
A ordinary shares during the 10-trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary
shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any time while the
warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay to all or substantially all of the holders of Class A Ordinary Shares a dividend or
make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary
shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends
or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the
Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does
not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and other similar transactions) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal
to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection
with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in
connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of our IPO or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection
with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise
price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market
value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 

If the number of issued and outstanding
Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class
A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division,
reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary
shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted
by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be
the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y)
the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 

9 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional
ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business
combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its
affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 
of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of
the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our
Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate
our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the
warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price,
the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per Class
A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary
share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of
warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

In case of any reclassification or reorganization
of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of
such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than
a merger or consolidation in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity
of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved,
the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions
specified in the warrants and in lieu of our Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the
exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares, stock or other equity securities or property (including
cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such
sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior
to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash
or other assets receivable upon such merger or consolidation, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for
which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share
by such holders in such merger or consolidation that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption
offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection
with redemption rights held by shareholders of the company as provided for in the company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial business
combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such
tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the
Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of
Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own
beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A
ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to
which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to
the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder
had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender
or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. Additionally, if
less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in
the form of ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in
an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and
if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction,
the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the per share consideration minus Black-Scholes Warrant
Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. 

10 

The warrants will be issued in registered
form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any
ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms
of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters
or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that
the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants and (b) all other modifications or
amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants and, solely with respect
to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or working capital warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement
with respect to the private placement warrants, forward purchase warrants or working capital warrants, at least 65 of the then
outstanding private placement warrants or working capital warrants, respectively. 

The warrant holders do not have the rights
or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary
shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for
each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

No fractional warrants were issued upon
separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. 

We have agreed that, subject to applicable
law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding
or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any
claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares
and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors,
officers and employees against all liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees that may arise out of acts
performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct
or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Certain Differences in Corporate Law 

Cayman Islands companies are governed by
the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and
differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material
differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the
United States and their shareholders. 

Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In
certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between
a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws
of that other jurisdiction). 

11 

Where the merger or consolidation is between
two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain
prescribed information. That plan of merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually
a majority of 66 2/3 in value who attend and vote at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other
authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution
is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in
a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent
company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that
the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies
will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 

Where the merger or consolidation involves
a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands
exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the
requirements set out below have been met: (1) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional
documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those
laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (2) that no petition or other similar
proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company
in any jurisdictions; (3) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction
and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (4) that no scheme, order,
compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the
foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman
Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the
effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (1) that the foreign
company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidation is bona fide and not intended to defraud
unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (2) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign
company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived;
(b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company;
and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (3)
that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist
under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (4) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest
to permit the merger or consolidation. 

Where the above procedures are adopted,
the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his or her shares upon
their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows:
(a) the shareholder must give his or her written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the
vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his or her shares
if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation
is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection;
(c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company
a written notice of his or her intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his
or her shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven
days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the
surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his or her shares
at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agrees to the price within 30 days
following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the
shareholder fails to agree to a price within such 30-day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30-day period
expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the
fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom
agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court
has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company
upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company
may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder
are not to be available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an
open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the
consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of
the surviving or consolidated company. 

12 

Moreover, Cayman Islands law also has separate
statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, such schemes of
arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred
to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger
was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures of which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the
procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority
in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent
three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either
in person or by proxy at a general meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently
the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would
have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve
the arrangement if it is satisfied that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope
of our corporate authority and we have complied with the statutory provisions as to majority vote; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting
in question; 

the arrangement is such as a business-person would
reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be
sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer
(as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would otherwise
ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of U.S. corporations, providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially
determined value of the shares. 

Squeeze-out Provisions. When
a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror
may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer.
An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of
fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 

Further, transactions similar to a merger,
reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through other means to these statutory provisions,
such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 

Shareholders Suits. Maples
and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands
court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability
of such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim
against (for example) our directors or officers usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands
authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and applied by a court in the
Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or
beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of
the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes that have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud
on the minority. 

13 

A shareholder may have a direct right of
action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. 

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The
Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors.
Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States. 

The courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely
(1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions
of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to
impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States
or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there
is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands
will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits
based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum
for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands,
such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty,
inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a
manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands
(awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement
proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We
are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident
companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of
the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially
the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return
of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies ; 

an exempted company s register of members is not
open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general
meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the
imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation
in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration
company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio
company. 

Limited liability means that
the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional
circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other
circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). 

14 

Our Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to our IPO that will apply to us until the completion
of our initial business combination. These provisions (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or
removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of a majority of at least 90 of our
ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting) cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman
Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (1) holders of at least two-thirds (or
any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s ordinary shares at a general
meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so
authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders.
Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions
must be approved either by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting
(i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 

Our initial shareholders may participate
in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any
manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things,
that: 

if we have not completed our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of our IPO or during any subsequent extension period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (less up to 100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and
outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case
to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not, except in connection with the conversion of our Class B ordinary shares in to Class A ordinary shares, issue
additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the trust account or (2) vote as a
class with our public shares on any initial business combination; 

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination
is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem
our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with
the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

as long as our securities are listed on Nasdaq, our initial
business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 of
the assets held in trust (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes and excluding any deferred underwriting
fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account); 

if our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 24 months from the closing of our IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the
number of then issued and outstanding public shares; and 

15 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination
solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause
our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions. 

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of
such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares attending and voting at a general meeting. A company s articles
of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority
is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its
memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to
our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our directors or officers, will
take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares. 

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands 

If any person in the Cayman Islands knows
or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering
or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their
attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will
be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the
Proceeds of Crime Law (2020 Revision) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering,
or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Law
(2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property.
Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by
any enactment or otherwise. 

Data Protection Cayman Islands 

We have certain duties under the Data Protection
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Data Protection Act based on internationally accepted principles of
data privacy. 

In this subsection, we , us, 
 our and the Company refers to Northern Revival Acquisition Corporation or our affiliates and/or delegates,
except where the context requires otherwise. 

Privacy Notice 

Introduction 

This privacy notice puts our shareholders
on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal
data within the meaning of the Data Protection Act personal data ). 

Investor Data 

We will collect, use, disclose, retain and
secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during
the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required
to conduct our activities on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will
only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act, and will apply appropriate technical
and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal
data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. 

16 

In our use of this personal data, we will
be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act, while our affiliates and service
providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors 
for the purposes of the Data Protection Act or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with
services provided to us. 

We may also obtain personal data from other
public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals
connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information,
signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number,
bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 

Who this Affects 

If you are a natural person, this will affect
you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited
partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation to your investment
in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such
individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. 

How the Company May Use
a Shareholder s Personal Data 

The Company, as the data controller, may
collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: 

(a) where this is necessary for the performance of our rights
and obligations under any purchase agreements; 

(b) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and
regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements);
and/or 

(c) where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate
interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. 

Should we wish to use personal data for
other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. 

Why We May Transfer Your
Personal Data 

In certain circumstances we may be legally
obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities
such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with
foreign authorities, including tax authorities. 

We anticipate disclosing personal data to
persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the US,
the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. 

The Data Protection Measures
We Take 

Any transfer of personal data by us or our
duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the Data
Protection Act. 

17 

We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or
delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized
or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. 

We shall notify you of any personal data
breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to
whom the relevant personal data relates. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Our
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our authorized but unissued ordinary shares
and preferred shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized
but unissued and unreserved ordinary shares and preferred shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
are listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols NRACU, NRAC and NRACW, respectively. 

18 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-12_northern.htm
 INDEMNITY AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 9, 2023, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MANPREET SINGH

Exhibit 10.12 

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made on February 9, 2023. 

Between: 

(1) Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation , an exempted company
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with the registered office at PO BOX 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104 Cayman
Islands (the Company ); and 

(2) Manpreet Singh Indemnitee ). 

Whereas: 

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities
unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and
actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies; 

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving
the Company and any of its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread
practice among publicly traded companies and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and
trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors,
officers and other persons in service to companies or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming
litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise
itself. The amended and restated articles of association of the Company (the
 Articles provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. The Articles expressly provide
that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between
the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
advancement and reimbursement rights; 

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests
of the Company s shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such
protection in the future; 

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and
to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to
serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities; 

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant
thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; 

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director, advisor or in another capacity without adequate protection, and
the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional
service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of [ ], 2021 between the Company and Indemnitee
pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the Underwriters in connection with the Company s initial public
offering, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY 

Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer,
director, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed
or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other
capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company
to continue Indemnitee s service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments
of the parties, if any. 

2 DEFINITIONS 

As used in this Agreement: 

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person
who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company
to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other
official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request
of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. 

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule
13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof. 

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any
of the following events: 

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party . Other than an affiliate
of HWei Super Speed Co., Ltd, any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities
of the Company representing fifteen percent (15 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Company s
securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition
would not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition; 

(b) Change in Board of Directors . Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election
by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors
then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively,
the Continuing Directors ), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(c) Corporate Transactions . The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination ), in each case,
unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or
substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51 of the
combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the
Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of HWei Super Speed Co., Ltd, no Person (excluding any
company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of 15 or more of the combined
voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving company
except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board
resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the
action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; 

2 

(d) Liquidation . The approval by the shareholders of the
Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of
all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than factoring the Company s current receivables or escrows due (or,
if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction
or a series of related transactions); or 

(e) Other Events . There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule
14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined
below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner,
manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person
is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

2.5 Delaware Court shall mean the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware 

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as
defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including
any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries)
is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee
is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary,
employee or agent. 

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including,
without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness
fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone
charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other
disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being
or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable
compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses
also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without
limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or
its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against
Indemnitee. 

2.10 Indemnity Obligations shall mean all obligations of the Company to Indemnitee under this Agreement, including,
without limitation, the Company s obligations to provide indemnification to Indemnitee and advance Expenses to Indemnitee under
this Agreement. 

2.11 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters
 of corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee
 in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of
 other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving
 rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct
then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s
rights under this Agreement. 

3 

2.12 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan;
references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent
or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with
respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be
deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement. 

2.13 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect
on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined
below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any
company or corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company
or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a company or corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of
the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company. 

2.14 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate
dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding,
whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims),
criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise
by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken
by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact
that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary,
employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is
incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement. 

2.15 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any company, corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest
is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person. 

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Articles, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section
3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any
Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of
Indemnitee s Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated
against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments
and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in
settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue
or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was
unlawful; provided, in no event shall Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in
respect of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee may incur
by reason of his or her own actual fraud or intentional misconduct. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud or
intentional misconduct for any purpose of this Agreement unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding
to that effect. 

4 

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Articles, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section
4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status.
Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee
acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No
indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or
matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be liable to the Company,
unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Delaware Court shall determine upon
application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration. 

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY
SUCCESSFUL 

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant
in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or
in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful
in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved
claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection
with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section
5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice,
shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS 

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in
any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Articles, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on
his behalf in connection therewith. 

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS 

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except
for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right
of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including
all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties
and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitee s conduct which constitutes
a breach of Indemnitee s duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which
involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law. 

5 

7.2 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7.1, except
for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right
of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including
all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties
and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. 

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY 

8.1 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights
provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying,
holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments,
liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without
requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have
at any time against Indemnitee. 

8.2 The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would
be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. 

8.3 The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for
contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with
Indemnitee. 

9 EXCLUSIONS 

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company
shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection
with any claim made against Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf
of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount
actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise; 

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within
the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or
any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee
against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any
part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment,
in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances
from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee. 

6 

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM 

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary
except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law or the Articles, the Company shall pay the Expenses
incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any
Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time,
prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be unsecured and
interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, be made without regard to
Indemnitee s ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to be indemnified,
held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses
incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements
to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law and the Articles, such payments of
Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Company s receipt of an
undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or
otherwise. If it shall be determined by a final judgement or other final adjudication that Indemnitee was not so entitled to
indemnification, any advanced amount shall be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnitee. This Section 10.1 shall
not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to
Section 9. 

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding
at its own expense. 

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding
(in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitee s
prior written consent. 

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment,
information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration
rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise. 

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with
this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her
sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification
shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement. 

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law and the Articles, with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification
shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by a majority vote of
the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less
than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent
Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred,
by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company will promptly
advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description
of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person,
persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to
such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected
from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses
(including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity
making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement
to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

7 

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof,
the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless
Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it
of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the
Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that
the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement.
In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall
have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however,
that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent
Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such
assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is
so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is
withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after
submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been
selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Delaware Court for resolution of any objection which shall
have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other s selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent
Counsel of a person selected by the Delaware Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so
appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration
pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such
capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent
Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant
hereto. 

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS 

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification
in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection
with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company
(including by its Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action
pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct,
nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met
such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the
requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, be
deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material
fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection with the
request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under
applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen
(15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires
such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto. 

8 

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon
a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely
affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which
he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that
Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee s action
is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee
by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel
for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager, or managing member or on
information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general
partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise,
its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section
13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to
have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. 

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary,
agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under
this Agreement. 

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE 

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, is not timely
made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant
to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment
of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days
after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section
8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made in accordance with this
Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to
Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after
receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Delaware Court to such indemnification,
hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration
to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration
Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Delaware law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to
any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such adjudication
or award in arbitration. 

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled
to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as
a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any
judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified,
held harmless, exonerated to receive advances of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company
may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any
purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to
reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification
(as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

9 

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent
(i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification
under applicable law. 

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that
the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before
any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

14.5 The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles against
all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Company s receipt of such written request) pay
to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection
with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of,
this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles
now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee,
regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration
right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought
by Indemnitee in good faith). 

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies,
holds harmless or exonerates, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate for the period commencing with the date on which
Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending
with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company. 

15 SECURITY 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to
time provide security to Indemnitee for the Company s obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded
trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written
consent of Indemnitee. 

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION 

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at
any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise.
No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under
this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out
of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal.
To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless
or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement
(without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnifies
Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right
or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now
or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall
not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance
or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or
surety bond Indemnification Arrangements on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or
incurred by or on behalf of him or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his status
as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement,
as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way
limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein,
and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations
of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement. 

10 

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees,
partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves
at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent
under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a
party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the
Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies.
The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts
payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles,
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required
and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring
suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relive any insurer of its obligations. 

16.5 The Company s obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving
at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any
other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments
or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section
27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Company s
satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under
this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless,
exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company. 

16.6 The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of Expenses and/or insurance
provided by one or more Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the
Company shall be the indemnitor of first resort with respect to any Proceeding, Expense, liability or matter that is the subject of the
Indemnity Obligations, (ii) the Company shall be primarily liable for all Indemnity Obligations and any indemnification afforded to Indemnitee
in respect of any Proceeding, Expense, liability or matter that is the subject of Indemnity Obligations, whether created by law, organizational
or constituent documents, contract (including, without limitation, this Agreement) or otherwise, (iii) any obligation of any other Persons
with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated to indemnify Indemnitee and/or advance Expenses to Indemnitee in respect of any proceeding
shall be secondary to the obligations of the Company hereunder, (iv) the Company shall be required to indemnify Indemnitee and advance
Expenses to Indemnitee hereunder to the fullest extent provided herein without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against any other
Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or insurer of any such Person and (v) the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes
and releases any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated from any claim of contribution, subrogation or any other
recovery of any kind in respect of amounts paid by the Company hereunder. In the event that any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee
may be associated or their insurers advances or extinguishes any liability or loss which is the subject of any Indemnity Obligation owed
by the Company or payable under any insurance policy provided under this Agreement, the payor shall have a right of subrogation against
the Company or its insurer or insurers for all amounts so paid which would otherwise be payable by the Company or its insurer or insurers
under this Agreement. In no event will payment of an Indemnity Obligation of the Company under this Agreement by any other Person with
whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or their insurers, affect
the obligations of the Company hereunder or shift primary liability for any Indemnity Obligation to any other Person with whom or which
Indemnitee may be associated. Any indemnification and/or insurance or advancement of Expenses provided by any other Person with whom or
which Indemnitee may be associated, with respect to any liability arising as a result of Indemnitee s Corporate Status or capacity
as an officer or director of any Person, is specifically in excess of any Indemnity Obligation of the Company or valid and any collectible
insurance (including, without limitation, any malpractice insurance or professional errors and omissions insurance) provided by the Company
under this Agreement, and any obligation to provide indemnification and/or insurance or advance Expenses provided by any other Person
with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated shall be reduced by any amount that Indemnitee collects from the Company as an indemnification
payment or advancement of Expenses pursuant to this Agreement. 

11 

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT 

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained
herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee,
partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long
as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee
pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time
any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement. 

18 SEVERABILITY 

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall
be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing
any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any
way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (and the Articles);
(b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum
effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without
limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested
thereby. 

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT 

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered
into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or
key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer
or key employee of the Company. 

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

19.3 The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect
successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall
continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee,
general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Company s request, and shall inure to the benefit
of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

12 

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct
or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or
assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform
this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken
place. 

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate,
impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties
hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, enforce this Agreement by seeking,
among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable
harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any
other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law (and the Articles) be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders,
preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith.
The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a Court of competent
jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Articles. 

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement
shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

21 NOTICES 

All notices, requests, demands and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the
party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage
prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed: 

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature
page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company. 

(b) If to the Company, to: 

Norther Revival Acquisitions Corp. 

 4001 Kennett Pike,
Suite 302 

 Wilmington, DE 19807 

Attn: Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to: 

Loeb Loeb LLP 

 345 Park Avenue 

 New York, NY 10154 

Attn: Joan Guilfoyle, Esq. 

Alexandria
Kane, Esq. 

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee
in writing by the Company. 

13 

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 

This Agreement and the legal relations among the
parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware. Except with respect
to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law the
Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Courts of the State of Delaware and not in any other state or federal
court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Courts of the State of Delaware for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c)
waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Courts of the State of Delaware; and (d) waive,
and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Courts of the State of Delaware has
been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or
proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and sufficient
service thereof. 

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS 

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of
this Agreement. 

24 MISCELLANEOUS 

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include
usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and
shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

25 PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS 

No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action
shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitee s spouse, heirs, executors or personal or
legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of
action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such
two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action
such shorter period shall govern. 

26 ADDITIONAL ACTS 

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this
Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company undertakes
to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil
its obligations under this Agreement. 

27 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT 

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection
with the Company s initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby
waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse
against such trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided
hereto will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account to satisfy
its obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company consummated a Business Combination. 

14 

28 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE 

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement,
one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Company s performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement.
The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage
available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named
as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured
of the Company s directors and officers. 

29 INTERPRETATION 

In this Agreement: 

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number
and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; 

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in
the form of an Electronic Record; 

(c) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive; 

(d) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted
or replaced; 

(e) any phrase introduced by the terms including , include , in particular or any similar expression
shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms; 

(f) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or 
in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or 
shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case,
unless the context otherwise requires); 

(g) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement; 

(h) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic
Transactions Law (2003)); 

(i) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement
itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Law (2003 Revision)); 

(j) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Law (2003 Revision) shall not apply. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused
this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written. 

NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Aemish Shah 

Name: 
 Aemish Shah 

Title: 
 Managing Partner 

INDEMNITEE 

By: 
 /s/ Manpreet Singh 

Name: Manpreet Singh 

[Signature Page to Indemnity
Agreement] 

16 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-13_northern.htm
 INDEMNITY AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 9, 2023, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND DAVID M. TANZER

Exhibit 10.13 

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made on February 9, 2023. 

Between: 

(1) Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation , an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with the registered
office at PO BOX 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104 Cayman Islands (the Company ); and 

(2) David M. Tanzer Indemnitee ). 

Whereas: 

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities
unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and
actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies; 

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified
individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving
the Company and any of its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread
practice among publicly traded companies and other business enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and
trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors,
officers and other persons in service to companies or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming
litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise
itself. The amended and restated articles of association of the Company (the
 Articles provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. The Articles expressly provide
that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered into between
the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
advancement and reimbursement rights; 

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such
persons; 

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests
of the Company s shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such
protection in the future; 

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and
to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to
serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities; 

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant
thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; 

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director, advisor or in another capacity without adequate protection, and
the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional
service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of [ ], 2021 between the Company and Indemnitee
pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the Underwriters in connection with the Company s initial public
offering, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY 

Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer,
director, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed
or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other
capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company
to continue Indemnitee s service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments
of the parties, if any. 

2 DEFINITIONS 

As used in this Agreement: 

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary
of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a
director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a
subsidiary of the Company. 

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule
13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof. 

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any
of the following events: 

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party . Other than an affiliate of HWei Super Speed Co., Ltd, any Person (as defined below) is
or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15 or more of the
combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Company s securities
by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would
not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition; 

(b) Change in Board of Directors . Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election
by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors
then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively,
the Continuing Directors ), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(c) Corporate Transactions . The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination ), in each case,
unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially
all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51 of the combined voting power of
the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination
(including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s
assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior
to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of HWei
Super Speed Co., Ltd, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or
indirectly, of 15 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least
a majority of the Board resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial
agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; 

2 

(d) Liquidation . The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series
of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than factoring
the Company s current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with
such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or 

(e) Other Events . There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule
14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined
below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner,
manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person
is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

2.5 Delaware Court shall mean the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware 

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as
defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including
any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries)
is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee
is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary,
employee or agent. 

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including,
without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness
fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone
charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other
disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being
or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable
compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses
also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without
limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or
its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against
Indemnitee. 

2.10 Indemnity Obligations shall mean all obligations of the Company to Indemnitee under this Agreement, including,
without limitation, the Company s obligations to provide indemnification to Indemnitee and advance Expenses to Indemnitee under
this Agreement. 

2.11 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of
 corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in
 any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other
 indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a
 claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct
then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s
rights under this Agreement. 

3 

2.12 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan;
references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent
or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with
respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee
reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be
deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement. 

2.13 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect
on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined
below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any
company or corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their
ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company
or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a company or corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of
the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company. 

2.14 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate
dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding,
whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims),
criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise
by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken
by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact
that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary,
employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is
incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement. 

2.15 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any company, corporation, limited liability company,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest
is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person. 

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles,
the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3 if
Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any
Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of
Indemnitee s Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated
against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments
and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in
settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue
or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was
unlawful; provided, in no event shall Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in
respect of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee may incur
by reason of his or her own actual fraud or intentional misconduct. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud or
intentional misconduct for any purpose of this Agreement unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding
to that effect. 

4 

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Articles, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section
4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status.
Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee
acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No
indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or
matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be liable to the Company,
unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Delaware Court shall determine upon
application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration. 

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL 

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant
in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or
in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful
in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved
claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection
with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section
5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice,
shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS 

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in
any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Articles, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on
his behalf in connection therewith. 

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS 

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made
a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses,
judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection
with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7.1 on
account of Indemnitee s conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitee s duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders
or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law. 

5 

7.2 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7.1, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be
made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all
Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable
in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. 

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY 

8.1 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights
provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying,
holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments,
liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without
requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have
at any time against Indemnitee. 

8.2 The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would
be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. 

8.3 The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for
contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with
Indemnitee. 

9 EXCLUSIONS 

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company
shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection
with any claim made against Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement
provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other
indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise; 

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within
the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or
any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee
against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any
part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment,
in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances
from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee. 

6 

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM 

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by
applicable law or the Articles, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be
incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of
a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be unsecured and interest free.
 Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, be made without regard to Indemnitee s
 ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or
 exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a
 Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to
 support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law and the Articles, such payments of Expenses in
 advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Company s receipt of an undertaking, by or on
 behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled
 to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise. If it shall be
 determined by a final judgement or other final adjudication that Indemnitee was not so entitled to indemnification, any advanced
 amount shall be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnitee. This Section 10.1 shall not apply to any claim made by
 Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine,
penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitee s prior written consent. 

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment,
information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration
rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company
of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise. 

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with
this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her
sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification
shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement. 

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law and the Articles, with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification
shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by a majority vote of
the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less
than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent
Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred,
by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company will promptly
advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description
of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person,
persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to
such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected
from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses
(including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity
making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement
to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

7 

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof,
the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless
Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it
of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements
of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the
Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that
the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement.
In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall
have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however,
that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent
Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such
assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is
so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is
withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after
submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been
selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Delaware Court for resolution of any objection which shall
have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other s selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent
Counsel of a person selected by the Delaware Court, and the person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so
appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration
pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such
capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent
Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant
hereto. 

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS 

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination
shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification
in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection
with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company
(including by its Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action
pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct,
nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met
such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable
standard of conduct. 

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the
requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, be
deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material
fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection with the
request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under
applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen
(15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires
such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto. 

8 

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon
a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely
affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which
he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that
Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee s action
is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee
by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel
for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager, or managing member or on
information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general
partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise,
its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section
13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to
have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. 

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary,
agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under
this Agreement. 

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE 

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, is not timely
made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification shall have been made pursuant
to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment
of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days
after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section
8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made in accordance with this
Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to
Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after
receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Delaware Court to such indemnification,
hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in arbitration
to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the American Arbitration
Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Delaware law (without regard to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to
any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such adjudication
or award in arbitration. 

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled
to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as
a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any
judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified,
held harmless, exonerated to receive advances of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company
may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any
purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to
reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification
(as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

9 

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent
(i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification
under applicable law. 

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that
the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before
any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

14.5 The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles against
all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Company s receipt of such written request) pay
to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection
with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of,
this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles
now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee,
regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration
right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought
by Indemnitee in good faith). 

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies,
holds harmless or exonerates, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate for the period commencing with the date on which
Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending
with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company. 

15 SECURITY 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to
time provide security to Indemnitee for the Company s obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded
trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written
consent of Indemnitee. 

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION 

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at
any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise.
No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under
this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out
of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal.
To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification, hold harmless
or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement
(without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the Company indemnifies
Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive of any other right
or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now
or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall
not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including,
but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond Indemnification Arrangements on behalf
of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or incurred by or on behalf of him or in such capacity as a director, officer,
employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Company
would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement, as it may then be in effect. The
purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations
of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or parties
thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement. 

10 

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees,
partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves
at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum
extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent
under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a
party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the
Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies.
The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts
payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles,
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required
and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring
suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relive any insurer of its obligations. 

16.5 The Company s obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving
at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any
other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments
or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section
27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration,
advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Company s
satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under
this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless,
exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company. 

16.6 The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of Expenses and/or insurance
provided by one or more Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the
Company shall be the indemnitor of first resort with respect to any Proceeding, Expense, liability or matter that is the subject of the
Indemnity Obligations, (ii) the Company shall be primarily liable for all Indemnity Obligations and any indemnification afforded to Indemnitee
in respect of any Proceeding, Expense, liability or matter that is the subject of Indemnity Obligations, whether created by law, organizational
or constituent documents, contract (including, without limitation, this Agreement) or otherwise, (iii) any obligation of any other Persons
with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated to indemnify Indemnitee and/or advance Expenses to Indemnitee in respect of any proceeding
shall be secondary to the obligations of the Company hereunder, (iv) the Company shall be required to indemnify Indemnitee and advance
Expenses to Indemnitee hereunder to the fullest extent provided herein without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against any other
Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or insurer of any such Person and (v) the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes
and releases any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated from any claim of contribution, subrogation or any other
recovery of any kind in respect of amounts paid by the Company hereunder. In the event that any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee
may be associated or their insurers advances or extinguishes any liability or loss which is the subject of any Indemnity Obligation owed
by the Company or payable under any insurance policy provided under this Agreement, the payor shall have a right of subrogation against
the Company or its insurer or insurers for all amounts so paid which would otherwise be payable by the Company or its insurer or insurers
under this Agreement. In no event will payment of an Indemnity Obligation of the Company under this Agreement by any other Person with
whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or their insurers, affect the
 obligations of the Company hereunder or shift primary liability for any Indemnity Obligation to any other Person with whom or which
 Indemnitee may be associated. Any indemnification and/or insurance or advancement of Expenses provided by any other Person with whom
 or which Indemnitee may be associated, with respect to any liability arising as a result of Indemnitee s Corporate Status or
 capacity as an officer or director of any Person, is specifically in excess of any Indemnity Obligation of the Company or valid and
 any collectible insurance (including, without limitation, any malpractice insurance or professional errors and omissions insurance)
 provided by the Company under this Agreement, and any obligation to provide indemnification and/or insurance or advance Expenses
 provided by any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated shall be reduced by any amount that Indemnitee collects
 from the Company as an indemnification payment or advancement of Expenses pursuant to this Agreement. 

11 

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT 

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained
herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee,
partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long
as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee
pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time
any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement. 

18 SEVERABILITY 

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall
be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing
any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any
way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (and the Articles);
(b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum
effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without
limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested
thereby. 

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT 

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby
in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee
is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company. 

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes
the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings,
oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

19.3 The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement
shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect
successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall
continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee,
general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise at the Company s request, and shall inure to the benefit
of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

12 

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to
all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance
satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the
Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate,
impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties
hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, enforce this Agreement by seeking,
among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable
harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any
other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law (and the Articles) be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders,
preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith.
The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a Court of competent
jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Articles. 

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement
shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

21 NOTICES 

All notices, requests, demands and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the
party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage
prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed: 

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide
in writing to the Company. 

(b) If to the Company, to: 

Norther Revival Acquisitions Corp. 

 4001 Kennett Pike, Suite
302 

 Wilmington, DE 19807 

Attn: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to: 

Loeb Loeb LLP 

 345 Park Avenue 

 New York, NY 10154 

Attn: 
 Joan Guilfoyle, Esq. 

Alexandria
Kane, Esq. 

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee
in writing by the Company. 

13 

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 

This Agreement and the legal relations among the
parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware. Except with respect
to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law the
Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Courts of the State of Delaware and not in any other state or federal
court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Courts of the State of Delaware for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c)
waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Courts of the State of Delaware; and (d) waive,
and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Courts of the State of Delaware has
been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or
proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and sufficient
service thereof. 

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS 

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of
this Agreement. 

24 MISCELLANEOUS 

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include
usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and
shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

25 PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS 

No legal action shall be brought and no cause of
action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitee s spouse, heirs, executors or
personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim
or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action
within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause
of action such shorter period shall govern. 

26 ADDITIONAL ACTS 

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this
Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company undertakes
to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil
its obligations under this Agreement. 

27 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT 

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection
with the Company s initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby
waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse
against such trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided
hereto will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account to satisfy
its obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company consummated a Business Combination. 

14 

28 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE 

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement,
one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Company s performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement.
The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage
available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named
as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured
of the Company s directors and officers. 

29 INTERPRETATION 

In this Agreement: 

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine
gender; 

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in
the form of an Electronic Record; 

(c) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive; 

(d) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted
or replaced; 

(e) any phrase introduced by the terms including , include , in particular or any similar expression
shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms; 

(f) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. The use of and/or 
in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or in others. The term or 
shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case,
unless the context otherwise requires); 

(g) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement; 

(h) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic
Transactions Law (2003)); 

(i) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the execution of this Agreement
itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Law (2003 Revision)); 

(j) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Law (2003 Revision) shall not apply. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused
this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written. 

NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By:
 /s/ Aemish Shah

Name: 
 Aemish Shah 

Title: 
 Managing Partner 

INDEMNITEE 

By: 
 /s/ David M. Tanzer 

Name: 
 David M. Tanzer 

[Signature Page to Indemnity Agreement] 

16 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-14_northern.htm
 INDEMNITY AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 9, 2023, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND ASAD ZAFAR

Exhibit 10.14 

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made on February 9, 2023. 

Between: 

(1) Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation , an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman
Islands with the registered office at PO BOX 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104 Cayman Islands (the Company );
and 

(2) Asad Zafar Indemnitee ). 

Whereas: 

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve publicly-held companies as directors,
officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or adequate indemnification against
inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of such companies; 

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board has determined that, in order
to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, liability
insurance to protect persons serving the Company and any of its subsidiaries from certain liabilities. Although the furnishing of such
insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among publicly traded companies and other business enterprises, the Company believes
that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future only at higher premiums and with
more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to companies or business enterprises are being increasingly
subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that traditionally would have been brought
only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The amended and restated articles of association of the Company
(the Articles provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. The Articles expressly
provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts may be entered
into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold harmless,
exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights; 

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification have increased the difficulty of
attracting and retaining such persons; 

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental
to the best interests of the Company s shareholders and that the Company should act to assure such persons that there will be increased
certainty of such protection in the future; 

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually to obligate itself to indemnify,
hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that
they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected against liabilities; 

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the Articles and any resolutions
adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; 

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director, advisor or in another capacity without
adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and
to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be so indemnified; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of [ ], 2021 between the Company and Indemnitee
pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the Underwriters in connection with the Company s initial public
offering, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY 

Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer,
director, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed
or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other
capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company
to continue Indemnitee s service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments
of the parties, if any. 

2 DEFINITIONS 

As used in this Agreement: 

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person who is or was a director, officer or employee
of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such person
serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other official of another company, corporation, partnership,
limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests
of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. 

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial Ownership shall have
the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect on the date hereof. 

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the
date of this Agreement of any of the following events: 

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party . Other than an affiliate of HWei Super Speed Co., Ltd,
any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifteen
percent (15 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Company s securities
by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would
not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition; 

(b) Change in Board of Directors . Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and
any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders was approved by a vote of
at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election or nomination for election
was previously so approved (collectively, the Continuing Directors ), cease for any reason to constitute at least a
majority of the members of the Board; 

(c) Corporate Transactions . The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination ),
in each case, unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or
substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51 of the combined voting
power of the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business
Combination (including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all
of the Company s assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate
of HWei Super Speed Co., Ltd, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly
or indirectly, of 15 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least
a majority of the Board resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial
agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; 

2 

(d) Liquidation . The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the
Company or an agreement or series of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s
assets, other than factoring the Company s current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision
by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or 

(e) Other Events . There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in
response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated
under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status of a person who is or was a director, officer,
trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined
below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

2.5 Delaware Court shall mean the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware 

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director of the Company who is not and was not
a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and any other company, corporation, constituent
company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any
of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other
enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager,
managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent. 

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type
or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript
costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing
and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all
other disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating,
being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including
reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party.
Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including
without limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal
bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines
against Indemnitee. 

2.10 Indemnity Obligations shall mean all obligations of the Company to Indemnitee under
this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Company s obligations to provide indemnification to Indemnitee and advance Expenses
to Indemnitee under this Agreement. 

2.11 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm with significant
experience in matters of corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company
or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement,
or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving
rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the term Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct
then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s
rights under this Agreement. 

3 

2.12 References to fines shall include any excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect
to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Company shall include any service as a director,
officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee,
agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith
and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit
plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best interests of the Company as referred
to in this Agreement. 

2.13 The term Person shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of
the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii)
any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below)
of the Company or of any company or corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the
same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee
benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a company or corporation owned directly or indirectly
by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company. 

2.14 The term Proceeding shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit,
arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened
or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional
tort claims), criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as
a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or
failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or
by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager,
managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time
any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement. 

2.15 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any Person, shall mean any company, corporation,
limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the voting equity
securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person. 

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Articles, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section
3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any
Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of
Indemnitee s Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated
against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments
and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in
settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue
or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was
unlawful; provided, in no event shall Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in
respect of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee may incur
by reason of his or her own actual fraud or intentional misconduct. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud or
intentional misconduct for any purpose of this Agreement unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding
to that effect. 

4 

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Articles, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section
4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status.
Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee
acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No
indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or
matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be liable to the Company,
unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Delaware Court shall determine upon
application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration. 

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL 

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant
in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or
in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful
in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved
claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection
with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section
5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice,
shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS 

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in
any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Articles, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on
his behalf in connection therewith. 

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS 

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for Section 27, the Company shall, to
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a
party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment
in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and
other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement)
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights
shall be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitee s conduct which constitutes a breach of Indemnitee s duty
of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which involves intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of the law. 

5 

7.2 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7.1, except for Section 27, the Company shall,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is
a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment
in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and
other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement)
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. 

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY 

8.1 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, if the indemnification, hold harmless
and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever,
the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire amount
incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses,
in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes
any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee. 

8.2 The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Company is jointly liable
with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims
asserted against Indemnitee. 

8.3 The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee
from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee who may
be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

9 EXCLUSIONS 

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the
Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment
in connection with any claim made against Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy
or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance
policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise; 

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of
securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common
law; or 

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to a Change in Control, in connection
with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding)
initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized
the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless
or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek
payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are unavailable from any insurance policy of the
Company covering Indemnitee. 

6 

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM 

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, and to the fullest
extent not prohibited by applicable law or the Articles, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected
by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt
by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding.
Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be unsecured and
interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, be made without regard to
Indemnitee s ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to be indemnified,
held harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses
incurred pursuing a Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements
to the Company to support the advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law and the Articles, such payments of
Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Company s receipt of an
undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that
Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or
otherwise. If it shall be determined by a final judgement or other final adjudication that Indemnitee was not so entitled to
indemnification, any advanced amount shall be returned to the Company (without interest) by the Indemnitee. This Section 10.1 shall
not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to
Section 9. 

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its own expense. 

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding (in whole or in part) which would impose
any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitee s prior written consent. 

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon being served with any summons, citation,
subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company
shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise. 

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate
Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee
deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, Indemnitee s
entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement. 

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law and the Articles, with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement
to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods: (i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by
a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors,
even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct,
by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control
has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company
will promptly advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification,
including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled
to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate
with the person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including
providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation or information which is not privileged or
otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any
costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person,
persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement
to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

7 

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel
pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The Independent Counsel shall
be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee shall give written
notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so
selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel
is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity of the Independent Counsel
so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined
in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after such written
notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to such
selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not
meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and the objection shall set forth
with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent
Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel
unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is without merit.
If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no
Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Delaware Court for
resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other s selection of Independent Counsel
and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Delaware Court, and the person with respect to whom all
objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement
of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and relieved
of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing). 

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify
and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to
this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS 

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification hereunder, the person, persons
or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement if Indemnitee has
submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the Company shall have the burden of proof
to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any determination contrary to that presumption.
Neither the failure of the Company (including by its Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a determination prior
to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has
met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including by its Disinterested Directors or Independent
Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that
Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 12 of this Agreement to determine
whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company
of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Articles, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement
by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading,
in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly
prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional
fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith
requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation and/or information relating thereto. 

8 

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement
or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement)
of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith
and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal
Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith
if Indemnitee s action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial statements, or on information
supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on
the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager,
or managing member or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any
director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other
expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing
member. The provisions of this Section 13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which
Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Agreement. 

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, manager,
managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right
to indemnification under this Agreement. 

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE 

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that Indemnitee
is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
and the Articles, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification
shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for
indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this
Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a
timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is
not made in accordance with this Agreement within ten (10) days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within
ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Delaware
Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option,
may seek an award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures
of the American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Delaware law (without regard to its conflict of
laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose 

 Indemnitee s right to seek any such adjudication
or award in arbitration. 

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that
Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted
in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination.
In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified,
held harmless, exonerated to receive advances of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee
is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company
may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any
purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to
reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification
(as to which all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed). 

9 

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is
entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification
under applicable law. 

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant
to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in
any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. 

14.5 The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Articles against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Company s receipt
of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, such Expenses which are
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under,
or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution
agreement or provision of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained
by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled
to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless
such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith). 

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate under New York law for amounts
which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate for the period commencing
with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, reimbursement or advancement
of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company. 

15 SECURITY 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to
time provide security to Indemnitee for the Company s obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded
trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written
consent of Indemnitee. 

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION 

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights
to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement, a vote of shareholders or a resolution
of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision hereof shall limit or restrict any
right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding is first threatened, commenced
or completed) arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status prior to such amendment,
alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Articles or this Agreement,
then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to require that the
Company indemnifies Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be exclusive
of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder,
or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

10 

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make
other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or surety bond Indemnification Arrangements on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or incurred by or on behalf of him or in such capacity as a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the
Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement, as it may then be in effect.
The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and
obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of
this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other
party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement. 

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or policies providing liability insurance
for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the Company or of any other
Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance
with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing
member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding
as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability
insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth
in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf
of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. 

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Articles, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute
all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable
the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be deemed to relive any insurer of its obligations. 

16.5 The Company s obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder
to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member,
fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement
to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification,
hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee
prior to the Company s satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform
fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification,
advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity other than the Company. 

11 

16.6 The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee may have certain rights to indemnification, advancement
of Expenses and/or insurance provided by one or more Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. The Company hereby acknowledges
and agrees that (i) the Company shall be the indemnitor of first resort with respect to any Proceeding, Expense, liability or matter that
is the subject of the Indemnity Obligations, (ii) the Company shall be primarily liable for all Indemnity Obligations and any indemnification
afforded to Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding, Expense, liability or matter that is the subject of Indemnity Obligations, whether
created by law, organizational or constituent documents, contract (including, without limitation, this Agreement) or otherwise, (iii)
any obligation of any other Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated to indemnify Indemnitee and/or advance Expenses to
Indemnitee in respect of any proceeding shall be secondary to the obligations of the Company hereunder, (iv) the Company shall be required
to indemnify Indemnitee and advance Expenses to Indemnitee hereunder to the fullest extent provided herein without regard to any rights
Indemnitee may have against any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or insurer of any such Person and (v) the
Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated from any claim
of contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect of amounts paid by the Company hereunder. In the event that
any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or their insurers advances or extinguishes any liability or loss which
is the subject of any Indemnity Obligation owed by the Company or payable under any insurance policy provided under this Agreement, the
payor shall have a right of subrogation against the Company or its insurer or insurers for all amounts so paid which would otherwise be
payable by the Company or its insurer or insurers under this Agreement. In no event will payment of an Indemnity Obligation of the Company
under this Agreement by any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or their insurers,
affect the obligations of the Company hereunder or shift primary liability for any Indemnity Obligation to any other Person with
whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. Any indemnification and/or insurance or advancement of Expenses provided by any other
Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated, with respect to any liability arising as a result of Indemnitee s
Corporate Status or capacity as an officer or director of any Person, is specifically in excess of any Indemnity Obligation of the
Company or valid and any collectible insurance (including, without limitation, any malpractice insurance or professional errors and
omissions insurance) provided by the Company under this Agreement, and any obligation to provide indemnification and/or insurance or
advance Expenses provided by any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated shall be reduced by any amount that
Indemnitee collects from the Company as an indemnification payment or advancement of Expenses pursuant to this Agreement. 

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT 

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained
herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee,
partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long
as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee
pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time
any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement. 

18 SEVERABILITY 

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall
be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing
any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any
way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (and the Articles);
(b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum
effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without
limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested
thereby. 

12 

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT 

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligations
imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges
that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company. 

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Articles as they may be amended from time
to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

19.3 The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this
 Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns (including any
 direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of the business and/or
 assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the
 Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other
 Enterprise at the Company s request, and shall inure to the benefit
of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation
or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form
and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent
that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for breach of this Agreement, at some
later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable
harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, enforce
this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any necessity of showing
actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be precluded
from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (and the Articles) be entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including
temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking
in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee
by a Court of competent jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law and the Articles. 

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement
shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

13 

21 NOTICES 

All notices, requests, demands and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the
party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage
prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed: 

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of this Agreement or such other address
as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company. 

(b) If to the Company, to: 

Norther Revival Acquisitions Corp. 

 4001 Kennett Pike,
Suite 302 

 Wilmington, DE 19807 

Attn: Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to: 

Loeb Loeb LLP 

 345 Park Avenue 

 New York, NY
10154 

Attn: Joan Guilfoyle, Esq. 

Alexandria Kane, Esq. 

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee
in writing by the Company. 

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 

This Agreement and the legal relations among the
parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware. Except with respect
to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law the
Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Courts of the State of Delaware and not in any other state or federal
court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Courts of the State of Delaware for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c)
waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Courts of the State of Delaware; and (d) waive,
and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Courts of the State of Delaware has
been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or
proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and sufficient
service thereof. 

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS 

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of
this Agreement. 

24 MISCELLANEOUS 

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include
usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and
shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

25 PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS 

No legal action shall be brought and no cause of
action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitee s spouse, heirs, executors or
personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim
or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action
within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause
of action such shorter period shall govern. 

14 

26 ADDITIONAL ACTS 

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this
Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company undertakes
to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil
its obligations under this Agreement. 

27 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT 

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any
right, title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim in or to any monies in the trust account established in
connection with the Company s initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering,
and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will
not seek recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification
provided hereto will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account
to satisfy its obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company consummated a Business Combination. 

28 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE 

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement,
one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Company s performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement.
The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage
available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named
as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured
of the Company s directors and officers. 

29 INTERPRETATION 

In this Agreement: 

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number and vice versa; words importing the masculine
gender include the feminine gender; 

(b) written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words
in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record; 

(c) shall shall be construed as imperative and may shall be construed as permissive; 

(d) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be construed as references to those provisions
as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced; 

(e) any phrase introduced by the terms including , include , in particular 
or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words preceding those terms; 

(f) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and as well as or. 
The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms and or or 
in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and shall not be interpreted to require
the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires); 

(g) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored in construing this Agreement; 

(h) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include delivery in the form of an electronic
record (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Law (2003)); 

(i) any requirements as to execution or signature under this Agreement including the
execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the Electronic Transactions
Law (2003 Revision)); 

(j) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Law (2003 Revision) shall not apply. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused
this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written. 

NOBLE ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Aemish Shah 

Name: 
 Aemish Shah 

Title: 
 Managing Partner 

INDEMNITEE 

By: 
 /s/ Asad Zafar 

Name: 
 Asad Zafar 

[Signature Page to Indemnity
Agreement] 

16 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 6
 f10k2022ex10-15_northern.htm
 INDEMNITY AGREEMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 9, 2023, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND JOSEPH TONNOS

Exhibit 10.15 

INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 

THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made on February 9, 2023. 

Between: 

(1) Noble Rock Acquisition Corporation , an exempted company
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with the registered office at PO BOX 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104 Cayman
Islands (the Company ); and 

(2) Joe Tonnos Indemnitee ). 

Whereas: 

(A) Highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve
publicly-held companies as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance
or adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service to and activities
on behalf of such companies; 

(B) The board of directors of the Company (the Board has determined that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis,
at its sole expense, liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and any of its subsidiaries from certain liabilities.
Although the furnishing of such insurance has been a customary and widespread practice among publicly traded companies and other business
enterprises, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and trends, such insurance may be available to it in the future
only at higher premiums and with more exclusions. At the same time, directors, officers and other persons in service to companies or
business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters
that traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business enterprise itself. The amended and restated articles
of association of the Company (the Articles provide for the indemnification of the officers and directors of the
Company. The Articles expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate
that contracts may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of directors, officers and other persons with respect
to indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights; 

(C) The uncertainties relating to such insurance and to indemnification
have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons; 

(D) The Board has determined that the increased difficulty in
attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests of the Company s shareholders and that the Company should
act to assure such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

(E) It is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company contractually
to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected
against liabilities; 

(F) This Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the
Articles and any resolutions adopted pursuant thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or abrogate any
rights of Indemnitee thereunder; 

(G) Indemnitee may not be willing to serve as an officer or director,
advisor or in another capacity without adequate protection, and the Company desires Indemnitee to serve in such capacity. Indemnitee
is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that he be
so indemnified; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
covenants contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement dated as of [ ], 2021 between the Company and Indemnitee
pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement between the Company and the Underwriters in connection with the Company s initial public
offering, the Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows: 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

1 SERVICES TO THE COMPANY 

Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as an officer,
director, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, appointed
or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation or until Indemnitee is removed. The foregoing notwithstanding, this Agreement
shall continue in full force and effect after Indemnitee has ceased to serve as a director, officer, advisor, key employee or in any other
capacity of the Company, as provided in Section 17. This Agreement, however, shall not impose any obligation on Indemnitee or the Company
to continue Indemnitee s service to the Company beyond any period otherwise required by law or by other agreements or commitments
of the parties, if any. 

2 DEFINITIONS 

As used in this Agreement: 

2.1 References to agent shall mean any person
who is or was a director, officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other person authorized by the Company
to act for the Company, to include such person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, fiduciary or other
official of another company, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request
of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company. 

2.2 The terms Beneficial Owner and Beneficial
Ownership shall have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below) as in effect
on the date hereof. 

2.3 A Change in Control shall be deemed to
occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events: 

(a) Acquisition of Shares by Third Party . Other than an
affiliate of HWei Super Speed Co., Ltd, any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of
securities of the Company representing fifteen percent (15 or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of the Company s securities
by any Person results solely from a reduction in the aggregate number of outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, or (2) such acquisition was approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such acquisition would
not constitute a Change in Control under part (c) of this definition; 

(b) Change in Board of Directors . Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election
by the Board or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors
then still in office who were directors on the date hereof or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved (collectively,
the Continuing Directors ), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; 

(c) Corporate Transactions . The effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses (a Business Combination ), in each case,
unless, following such Business Combination: (1) all or substantially
all of the individuals and entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 51 of the combined voting power of
the then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination
(including, without limitation, a company which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s
assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior
to such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (2) other than an affiliate of HWei
Super Speed Co., Ltd, no Person (excluding any company resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly or
indirectly, of 15 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors of the surviving company except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination; and (3) at least
a majority of the Board resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing Directors at the time of the execution of the initial
agreement, or of the action of the Board, providing for such Business Combination; 

2 

(d) Liquidation . The approval by the shareholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series
of agreements for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, other than factoring
the Company s current receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the decision by the Board to proceed with
such a liquidation, sale, or disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or 

(e) Other Events . There occurs any other event of a nature that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule
14A of Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined
below), whether or not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement. 

2.4 Corporate Status describes the status
of a person who is or was a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of the
Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company. 

2.5 Delaware Court shall mean the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware 

2.6 Disinterested Director shall mean a director
of the Company who is not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee. 

2.7 Enterprise shall mean the Company and
any other company, corporation, constituent company or corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation
or merger to which the Company (or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent. 

2.8 Exchange Act shall mean the United States
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

2.9 Expenses shall include all direct and
indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, all reasonable attorneys fees
and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators and
professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax transmission charges, secretarial services and all other
disbursements, obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being
or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable
compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by the Company or any third party. Expenses
also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as defined below), including without
limitation the principal, premium, security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, or other appeal bond or
its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against
Indemnitee. 

2.10 Indemnity Obligations shall mean all obligations
of the Company to Indemnitee under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Company s obligations to provide indemnification
to Indemnitee and advance Expenses to Indemnitee under this Agreement. 

2.11 Independent Counsel shall mean a law firm
or a member of a law firm with significant experience in matters of corporate law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years
has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with respect to
matters concerning Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any other
party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term
 Independent Counsel shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s
rights under this Agreement. 

3 

2.12 References to fines shall include any
excise tax assessed on Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to serving at the request of the Company 
shall include any service as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or involves services
by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries;
and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the participants
and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner not opposed to the best
interests of the Company as referred to in this Agreement. 

2.13 The term Person shall have the meaning
as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; provided, however, that Person 
 shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment benefit plan of the
Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of any company or corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders
of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary
holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a company
or corporation owned directly or indirectly by the shareholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
of shares of the Company. 

2.14 The term Proceeding shall include any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry,
administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the right of the Company or otherwise
and whether of a civil (including intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, or investigative or related nature,
in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director
or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his part
while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company
as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in
each case whether or not serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification, reimbursement,
or advancement of expenses can be provided under this Agreement. 

2.15 The term Subsidiary, with respect to any
Person, shall mean any company, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity of which a
majority of the voting power of the voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by that Person. 

3 INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Articles, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section
3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any
Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of
Indemnitee s Corporate Status. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated
against all Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments
and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in
settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue
or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was
unlawful; provided, in no event shall Indemnitee be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless or advanced any amounts hereunder in
respect of any Expenses, judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (if any) that Indemnitee may incur
by reason of his or her own actual fraud or intentional misconduct. Indemnitee shall not be found to have committed actual fraud or
intentional misconduct for any purpose of this Agreement unless or until a court of competent jurisdiction shall have made a finding
to that effect. 

4 

4 INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE
 COMPANY 

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and
the Articles, the Company shall indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Section
4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be made, a party to or a participant (as a witness, deponent or otherwise) in any
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status.
Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee
acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. No
indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue or
matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction to be liable to the Company,
unless and only to the extent that any court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Delaware Court shall determine upon
application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to exoneration. 

5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY
 OR PARTLY SUCCESSFUL 

Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement
except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee was or is, by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status, a party to (or a participant
in) and is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or
in part, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful
in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such
Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with each successfully resolved
claim, issue or matter. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also shall, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred in connection
with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section
5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice,
shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter. 

6 INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS 

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement except for Section 27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a witness or deponent in
any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party or threatened to be made a party, he shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Articles, be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on
his behalf in connection therewith. 

7 ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS 

7.1 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except
for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate
Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or in the right
of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including
all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties
and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. No indemnification,
hold harmless or exoneration rights shall be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitee s conduct which constitutes
a breach of Indemnitee s duty of loyalty to the Company or its shareholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which
involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law. 

5 

7.2 Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7.1,
except for Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, indemnify, hold harmless
and exonerate Indemnitee if Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding (including a Proceeding by or
in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in
settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such Expenses,
judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the Proceeding. 

8 CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY 

8.1 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the
Articles, if the indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee
in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless or exonerating Indemnitee, shall
pay, in the first instance, the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties, amounts paid
or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such
payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee. 

8.2 The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding
in which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for
a full and final release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee. 

8.3 The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless
and exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Company other
than Indemnitee who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee. 

9 EXCLUSIONS 

Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement, the Company
shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification, advance expenses, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection
with any claim made against Indemnitee: 

(a) for which payment has actually been received by or on behalf
of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity or advancement provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount
actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other indemnity or advancement provision or otherwise; 

(b) for an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale
(or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act or similar
provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 

(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof,
prior to a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any
Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its directors, officers, employees or other
indemnitees, unless (i) the Board authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its initiation or (ii) the Company
provides the indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company
under applicable law. Indemnitee shall seek payments or advances from the Company only to the extent that such payments or advances are
unavailable from any insurance policy of the Company covering Indemnitee. 

10 ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM 

10.1 Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary
except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law or the Articles, the Company shall pay the Expenses
incurred by Indemnitee (or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within three months) in connection with any
Proceeding within ten (10) days after the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such advances from time to time,
prior to the final disposition of any Proceeding. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be unsecured and
interest free. Advances shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, be made without regard to Indemnitee s
ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held harmless or exonerated
under the other provisions of this Agreement. Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a Proceeding to
enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the advances
claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law and the Articles, such payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition
of the Proceeding shall be made only upon the Company s receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of Indemnitee, to repay the
advanced amounts to the extent that it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company under
the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles, applicable law or otherwise. If it shall be determined by a final judgement or other
final adjudication that Indemnitee was not so entitled to indemnification, any advanced amount shall be returned to the Company (without
interest) by the Indemnitee. This Section 10.1 shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold harmless
or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9. 

6 

10.2 The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding
at its own expense. 

10.3 The Company shall not settle any action, claim or Proceeding
(in whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty or limitation on Indemnitee without Indemnitee s
prior written consent. 

11 PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 

11.1 Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing
upon being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document relating to any Proceeding
or matter which may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or advancement of Expenses covered hereunder.
The failure of Indemnitee to so notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it may have to Indemnitee under
this Agreement, or otherwise. 

11.2 Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application
to indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time
to time and at such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. Following such a written application for indemnification
by Indemnitee, Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according to Section 12.1 of this Agreement. 

12 PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION 

12.1 A determination, if required by applicable law and the Articles,
with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific case by one of the following methods:
(i) if no Change in Control has occurred, (x) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the
Board, (y) by a committee of Disinterested Directors, even though less than a quorum of the Board, or (z) if there are no Disinterested
Directors, or if such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall
be delivered to Indemnitee, or (ii) if a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a
copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company will promptly advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination
that Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has
been denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10)
days after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the person, persons or entity making such determination with
respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance
request any documentation or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available
to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements)
incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne by the Company (irrespective
of the determination as to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and to hold
Indemnitee harmless therefrom. 

7 

12.2 In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification
is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof, the Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section
12.2. The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee shall request that such selection be made by the Board),
and Indemnitee shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying
that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement.
If the Independent Counsel is selected by the Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of the identity
of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of Independent
Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within
ten (10) days after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may
be, a written objection to such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent
Counsel so selected does not meet the requirements of Independent Counsel as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement, and
the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person
so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected
may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined
that such objection is without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee of a written request for indemnification
pursuant to Section 11.2 hereof, no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either the Company or Indemnitee
may petition the Delaware Court for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other s
selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Delaware Court, and the
person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section
12.1 hereof. Upon the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent
Counsel shall be discharged and relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing). 

12.3 The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses
of Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities
and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

13 PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS 

13.1 In making a determination with respect to entitlement to
indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification
under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for indemnification in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and
the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in connection with the making by any person, persons or entity
of any determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the Company (including by its Disinterested Directors or Independent
Counsel) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this Agreement that indemnification is proper
in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Company (including
by its Disinterested Directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense
to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

13.2 If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under
Section 12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall not have made a determination within
thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled
to such indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make
Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a final judicial
determination that any or all such indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 30-day
period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making
the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating
of documentation and/or information relating thereto. 

8 

13.3 The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue
or matter therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification or create a
presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the Company or, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct
was unlawful. 

13.4 For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee
shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee s action is based on the records or books of account of the Enterprise,
including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors, managers, managing members, or officers of
the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board
or any director, trustee, general partner, manager, or managing member or on information or records given or reports made to the Enterprise,
its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, trustee, general partner, manager or managing member by an independent certified
public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director,
trustee, general partner, manager or managing member. The provisions of this Section 13.4 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit
in any way the other circumstances in which Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth
in this Agreement. 

13.5 The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other
director, officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, agent or employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to
Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement. 

14 REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE 

14.1 In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement that
 Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent permitted by
 applicable law and the Articles, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement
 to indemnification shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within thirty (30) days after receipt by the
 Company of the request for indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last
 sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request therefor, (v) a
 contribution payment is not made in a timely manner pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification
 pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made in accordance with this Agreement within ten (10) days after a
 determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold
 harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not made within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a
 written request therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Delaware Court to such indemnification, hold
 harmless, exoneration, contribution or advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an award in
 arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of the
 American Arbitration Association. Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Delaware law (without regard to its conflict of laws
 rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The Company shall not oppose Indemnitee s right to seek any such adjudication
or award in arbitration. 

14.2 In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant
to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced
pursuant to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall
not be prejudiced by reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section
14, Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to receive advances of Expenses under this
Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated and
to receive advances of Expenses, as the case may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination pursuant
to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding or arbitration
pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 until
a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have
been exhausted or lapsed). 

9 

14.3 If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee
 is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced
 pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s
statement not materially misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification
under applicable law. 

14.4 The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial
proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid,
binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions
of this Agreement. 

14.5 The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles against all Expenses and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall (within
ten (10) days after the Company s receipt of such written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law and the Articles, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought
by Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold
harmless, exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the Articles now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for recovery
or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether
Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution
or insurance recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith). 

14.6 Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the
legal rate under New York law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds harmless or exonerates, or is obliged to indemnify, hold
harmless or exonerate for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated,
contribution, reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the
Company. 

15 SECURITY 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
except for Section 27, to the extent requested by Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the Company may at any time and from time to
time provide security to Indemnitee for the Company s obligations hereunder through an irrevocable bank line of credit, funded
trust or other collateral. Any such security, once provided to Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the prior written
consent of Indemnitee. 

16 NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION 

16.1 The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall
not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be entitled under applicable law, the Articles, any agreement,
a vote of shareholders or a resolution of directors, or otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any provision
hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding
is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate
Status prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision,
permits greater indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of Expenses than would be afforded currently under
the Articles or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed
to be amended to require that the Company indemnifies Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred
is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to every
other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of
any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right or remedy. 

16.2 The Articles permit the Company to purchase and maintain
insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit,
or surety bond Indemnification Arrangements on behalf of Indemnitee against any liability asserted against him or
incurred by or on behalf of him or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or arising out of his status
as such, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement,
as it may then be in effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way
limit or affect the rights and obligations of the Company or of Indemnitee under this Agreement except as expressly provided herein,
and the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or affect the rights and obligations
of the Company or the other party or parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement. 

10 

16.3 To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy
or policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, partners, managers, managing members, fiduciaries, employees,
or agents of the Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered
by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage available for any such director,
officer, trustee, partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at the time the
Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness, deponent or
otherwise), the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding
to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary
or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Proceeding in accordance
with the terms of such policies. 

16.4 In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company,
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles, shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights
of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action necessary to secure such rights, including execution
of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights. No such payment by the Company shall be
deemed to relive any insurer of its obligations. 

16.5 The Company s obligation to indemnify, hold harmless,
exonerate or advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee,
partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be reduced by any amount Indemnitee has
actually received as indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such Enterprise. Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to reduce, offset,
allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage among
multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the Company s satisfaction and performance of all its obligations
under this Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee
holds, may pursue or has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or insurance coverage rights
against any person or entity other than the Company. 

16.6 The Company hereby acknowledges that Indemnitee may have
certain rights to indemnification, advancement of Expenses and/or insurance provided by one or more Persons with whom or which Indemnitee
may be associated. The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Company shall be the indemnitor of first resort with respect
to any Proceeding, Expense, liability or matter that is the subject of the Indemnity Obligations, (ii) the Company shall be primarily
liable for all Indemnity Obligations and any indemnification afforded to Indemnitee in respect of any Proceeding, Expense, liability
or matter that is the subject of Indemnity Obligations, whether created by law, organizational or constituent documents, contract (including,
without limitation, this Agreement) or otherwise, (iii) any obligation of any other Persons with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated
to indemnify Indemnitee and/or advance Expenses to Indemnitee in respect of any proceeding shall be secondary to the obligations of the
Company hereunder, (iv) the Company shall be required to indemnify Indemnitee and advance Expenses to Indemnitee hereunder to the fullest
extent provided herein without regard to any rights Indemnitee may have against any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be
associated or insurer of any such Person and (v) the Company irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases any other Person with whom
or which Indemnitee may be associated from any claim of contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in respect of amounts
paid by the Company hereunder. In the event that any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated or their insurers advances
or extinguishes any liability or loss which is the subject of any Indemnity Obligation owed by the Company or payable under any insurance
policy provided under this Agreement, the payor shall have a right of subrogation against the Company or its insurer or insurers for
all amounts so paid which would otherwise be payable by the Company or its insurer or insurers under this Agreement. In no event will
payment of an Indemnity Obligation of the Company under this Agreement by any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated
or their insurers, affect the obligations of the Company hereunder or shift primary liability for any Indemnity Obligation to any other
Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated. Any indemnification and/or insurance or advancement of Expenses provided by any
other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated, with respect to any liability arising as a result of Indemnitee s
Corporate Status or capacity as an officer or director of any Person, is specifically in excess of any Indemnity Obligation of the Company
or valid and any collectible insurance (including, without limitation, any malpractice insurance or professional errors and omissions
insurance) provided by the Company under this Agreement, and any obligation to provide indemnification and/or insurance or advance Expenses
provided by any other Person with whom or which Indemnitee may be associated shall be reduced by any amount that Indemnitee collects
from the Company as an indemnification payment or advancement of Expenses pursuant to this Agreement. 

11 

17 DURATION OF AGREEMENT 

All agreements and obligations of the Company contained
herein shall continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of the Company or as a director, officer, trustee,
partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other company, corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long
as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee
pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time
any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification or advancement can be provided under this Agreement. 

18 SEVERABILITY 

If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall
be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing
any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any
way be affected or impaired thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (and the Articles);
(b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum
effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without
limitation, each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested
thereby. 

19 ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT 

19.1 The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered
into this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or
key employee of the Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving as a director, officer
or key employee of the Company. 

19.2 Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the
Articles as they may be amended from time to time, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

19.3 The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement
of expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and
their respective successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to
all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company or a director, officer, trustee, general partner, manager, managing member, fiduciary, employee
or agent of any other Enterprise at the Company s request, and shall inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse,
assigns, heirs, devisees, executors and administrators and other legal representatives. 

12 

19.4 The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether
direct or indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, substantially all or a substantial part, of the business
and/or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to
perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession
had taken place. 

19.5 The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy
for breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such
breach may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee may, to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law and the Articles, enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance
hereof, without any necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking injunctive relief and/or specific performance,
Indemnitee shall not be precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be entitled. The Company and Indemnitee
further agree that Indemnitee shall to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law (and the Articles) be entitled to such specific
performance and injunctive relief, including temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, without
the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a waiver,
a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a Court of competent jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement
of such a bond or undertaking to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Articles. 

20 MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 

No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement
shall be binding unless executed in writing by the Company and Indemnitee. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

21 NOTICES 

All notices, requests, demands and other communications
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the
party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage
prepaid, on the third (3rd) business day after the date on which it is so mailed: 

(a) If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature
page of this Agreement or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in writing to the Company. 

(b) If to the Company, to: 

Norther Revival Acquisitions Corp. 

 4001 Kennett Pike, Suite
302 

 Wilmington, DE 19807 

Attn: Chief Executive Officer 

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to: 

Loeb Loeb LLP 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 

Attn: Joan Guilfoyle, Esq. 
 
 Alexandria
Kane, Esq. 

or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee
in writing by the Company. 

22 APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 

This Agreement and the legal relations among the
parties shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware. Except with respect
to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14.1 of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by law the
Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Courts of the State of Delaware and not in any other state or federal
court in the United States of America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Courts of the State of Delaware for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c)
waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Courts of the State of Delaware; and (d) waive,
and agree not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Courts of the State of Delaware has
been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole or in part) to a jury trial. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, the parties hereby agree that the mailing of process and other papers in connection with any such action or
proceeding in the manner provided by Section 21 or such other manner as may be permitted by law, shall be valid and sufficient
service thereof. 

13 

23 IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS 

This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts,
each of which shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.
Only one such counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs to be produced to evidence the existence of
this Agreement. 

24 MISCELLANEOUS 

Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include
usage of the feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and
shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

25 PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS 

No legal action shall be brought and no cause of
action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitee s spouse, heirs, executors or
personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim
or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action
within such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause
of action such shorter period shall govern. 

26 ADDITIONAL ACTS 

If for the validation of any of the provisions in this
Agreement any act, resolution, approval or other procedure is required, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company undertakes
to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfil
its obligations under this Agreement. 

27 WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT 

Indemnitee hereby agrees that it does not have any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind (each, a Claim in or to any monies in the trust account established in connection
with the Company s initial public offering for the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, and hereby
waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek recourse
against such trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided
hereto will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the Company has sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account to satisfy
its obligations hereunder or (ii) the Company consummated a Business Combination. 

14 

28 MAINTENANCE OF INSURANCE 

The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain and maintain in effect during the entire period for which the Company is obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee under this Agreement,
one or more policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies to provide the officers/directors of the Company with coverage for
losses from wrongful acts and omissions and to ensure the Company s performance of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement.
The Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage
available for any such director or officer under such policy or policies. In all such insurance policies, the Indemnitee shall be named
as an insured in such a manner as to provide the Indemnitee with the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured
of the Company s directors and officers. 

29 INTERPRETATION 

In this Agreement: 

(a) words importing the singular number include the plural number
and vice versa; words importing the masculine gender include the feminine gender; 

(b) written and in writing include all
modes of representing or reproducing words in visible form, including in the form of an Electronic Record; 

(c) shall shall be construed as imperative and may 
shall be construed as permissive; 

(d) references to provisions of any law or regulation shall be
construed as references to those provisions as amended, modified, re-enacted or replaced; 

(e) any phrase introduced by the terms including ,
 include , in particular or any similar expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense
of the words preceding those terms; 

(f) the term and/or is used herein to mean both and 
as well as or. The use of and/or in certain contexts in no respects qualifies or modifies the use of the terms
 and or or in others. The term or shall not be interpreted to be exclusive and the term and 
shall not be interpreted to require the conjunctive (in each case, unless the context otherwise requires); 

(g) headings are inserted for reference only and shall be ignored
in construing this Agreement; 

(h) any requirements as to delivery under this Agreement include
delivery in the form of an electronic record (as defined in the Electronic Transactions Law (2003)); 

(i) any requirements as to execution or signature under this
Agreement including the execution of this Agreement itself can be satisfied in the form of an electronic signature (as defined in the
Electronic Transactions Law (2003 Revision)); 

(j) sections 8 and 19(3) of the Electronic Transactions Law (2003
Revision) shall not apply. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused
this Indemnity Agreement to be signed on the day and year first above written. 

NOBLE
 ROCK ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Aemish Shah 

Name: 
 Aemish Shah 

Title: 
 Managing Partner 

INDEMNITEE 

By: 
 /s/
 Joe Tonnos 

Name: 
 Joe Tonnos 

[Signature
Page to Indemnity Agreement] 

17 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-1_northern.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Aemish Shah, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Northern
Revival Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 28, 2023 

/s/ Aemish Shah 

Aemish Shah 

Chairman Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex31-2_northern.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Manpreet Singh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Northern
Revival Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 28, 2023 

/s/ Manpreet Singh 

Manpreet Singh 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-1_northern.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Northern Revival Acquisition
Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 28, 2023 

/s/ Aemish Shah 

Aemish Shah 

Chairman Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 f10k2022ex32-2_northern.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Northern Revival Acquisition
Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 28, 2023 

/s/ Manpreet Singh 

Manpreet Singh 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 nrac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 nrac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 nrac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 nrac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 nrac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

