<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230410_10-K_edgar_data_1592782_0001213900-23-028359.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9663924</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>374274</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1618403</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2938307</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2187766</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2213369</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-028359.hdr.sgml : 20230410
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230407185835
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-028359
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230410
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230407

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nukkleus Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001592782
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				383912845
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55922
		FILM NUMBER:		23809475

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		525 WASHINGTON BLVD.
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07310
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 604-1724

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		525 WASHINGTON BLVD.
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07310

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Compliance & Risk Management Solutions Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131125

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-028359.txt : 20230410

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_nukkleusinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

- 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Not
 applicable. 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, par value 0.0001 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 
as of March 31, 2022, based upon the closing stock price 0.19 per share reported for such date. 

State
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class Outstanding April 7, 2023 Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share shares 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Although our forward-looking statements
reflect the good faith judgment of our management, these statements can be based only on facts and factors of which we are currently
aware. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results and outcomes may differ
materially from results and outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as may, will, should, 
 anticipate, believe, expect, plan, future, intend, 
 could, estimate, predict, hope, potential, continue, 
or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements under the captions
 Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation and Description of Business, 
as well as other sections in this report. Such forward-looking statements are based on our management s current plans and expectations
and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in plans that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements. You should be aware that, as a result of any of these factors materializing, the trading price of
our common stock may decline. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: 

the availability and adequacy
 of capital to support and grow our business; 

economic, competitive,
 business and other conditions in our local and regional markets; 

actions taken or not taken
 by others, including competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities; 

competition in our industry; 

changes in our business
 and growth strategy, capital improvements or development plans; 

the availability of additional
 capital to support development; and 

other factors discussed
 elsewhere in this annual report. 

The
cautionary statements made in this annual report are intended to be applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they
may appear in this report. 

We
urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake
no obligation to publicly update any forward looking-statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

All
references in this Form 10-K that refer to the Company , Nukkleus , we, us or our 
refer to Nukkleus Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 9 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 44 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 44 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 44 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 47 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 56 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 57 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 57 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 57 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 58 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 61 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 63 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 64 

Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 67 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 69 

SIGNATURES 
 71 

i 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Nukkleus
Inc. (formerly known as, Compliance Risk Management Solutions Inc.) (the Company or Nukkleus was formed
on July 29, 2013 in the State of Delaware as a for-profit Company and established a fiscal year end of September 30. 

Overview 

We
are a financial technology company with the aim of providing blockchain-enabled technology solutions. 

Nukkleus
Technology 

Our Nukkleus Technology business unit offers a full-service transactions
technology and advisory business providing end-to-end transactions technology solutions. We offer an advanced transactions platform
for dealing and risk management with global liquidity and customizable leverage, where users have control over quote and liquidity strategies.
Such technology and advisory services are currently offered through our General Services Agreement GSA with FXDD (for
more information see the section captioned FXDD Agreements below). 

Digital
RFQ 

Through
our Digital RFQ subsidiary, we aim to provide cross-border payment and transactions solutions to institutional investors, and offer
blockchain-enabled financial services solutions to institutional investors in a secure, compliant and globally accessible manner.
The blockchain-enabled payment gateway we have developed has the capability to deliver global cross-border transfers of fiat
currencies using blockchain rails. Digital RFQ currently offers payment and settlement services, including those utilizing blockchain
networks, but does not provide custody or wallet services with respect to digital assets, and does not hold digital assets, reducing
the risks and regulatory burden on its business. In future, Digital RFQ plans to offer a white-labelled digital bank with end-to-end digital
banking solutions for international business. We expect to offer these products in the second or third calendar quarter of 2023. Our
competitors in this product category are banks and other financial institutions, and we intend to compete by offering faster and more
reliable products using more advanced technology. Products and services offered by Digital RFQ are distributed through our website. 

Digital
RFQ is regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority and is in good standing and is and has been in the past in
material compliance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations promulgated thereby. Digital RFQ is subject to Anti Money Laundering AML and Counter Terrorist Finance CTF regulations consistent with our authorization by the Financial
Conduct Authority as an Electronic Money Directive Agent, among others. For a discussion of the various laws and regulations Digital
RFQ is subject. 

The
 blockchain technology used by Digital RFQ in its payment processing business includes only advanced-stage and fully
tested, well-established and fully collateralized stablecoins operated on the Bitcoin, Ethereum and Tron networks. However, in future,
we will be free to use other blockchain networks if we determine that they offer more sophisticated or secure technology. Based on our
risk assessments, we determine the appropriate network to use for a particular transaction or customer. We do not use stablecoins of
an algorithmic nature, and in the event that we determine any particular stablecoin presents a threat or risk to the security of our
business, customers or the transactions we process, we promptly move to another stablecoin network. We do not accept payment in digital
assets and do not hold digital assets for investment or offer digital wallet services. For a description of the risks associated with
the use of blockchain technology in financial services generally, and payment processing specifically. 

DigiClear 

Through
DigiClear, we plan to develop technology that offers a custody and settlement utility operating system aiming to deliver value and a
high-functioning automated post-trade solution. DigiClear aims to provide clients with the means to transfer underlying assets
to alternative custodians at any time. We intend for DigiClear to use hardware security modules to offer technology that can secure client
assets to block any unwanted modification of client settlement instructions or transfers. We expect that the transfer process that DigiClear s
technology will offer will be fully automated, monitored and can be processed within milliseconds. We expect to offer these products
in the second or third calendar quarter of 2023. Our competitors in this product category are banks and other financial institutions
and smaller financial technology companies, and we intend to compete by offering faster and more reliable products using more advanced
technology. Products and services offered by DigiClear are distributed through our website. 

1 

(1) Emil
 Assentato owns 100 of DMA. 

(2) Emil
 Assentato directly owns approximately 85 of Max Q, and indirectly owns an additional 1 .
 The remainder of Max Q is owned by various individuals and entities unaffiliated with Nukkleus s
 officers and directors. 

(3) Emil
 Assentato owns 1 of Currency Mountain Malta LLC, and the remainder of Currency Mountain
 Malta LLC is owned by Rubens Investment Services, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Compagnie
 Financi re Tradition, a public company based in Switzerland, both of which are unaffiliated
 with Nukkleus s officers and directors. 

(4) See
 section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 for director and officer beneficial ownership of Nukkleus shares. As Nukkleus s common
 stock is quoted for trading on the OTC Pink Sheets, information on its other owners is not
 readily available. 

(5) Jamal
 Khurshid and Nicholas Gregory own, directly and indirectly, approximately 40 and 10 of
 Jacobi, respectively. The remainder of Jacobi is owned by various individuals and entities
 unaffiliated with Nukkleus s officers and directors. 

(6) Navarock,
 Ltd., an entity unaffiliated with Nukkleus s officers and directors, owns the remaining
 50 of Digiclear. 

(7) Angel
 Holdings LLC, an entity unaffiliated with Nukkleus s officers and directors, owns the
 remaining 49 of DRFQ Emerging Markets. 

Recent
Developments 

Merger
Agreement Brilliant Acquisition Corporation 

On
February 22, 2022, Nukkleus entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time, the Merger Agreement ), by and among Nukkleus and Brilliant Acquisition Corporation, a British Virgin Islands
company Brilliant ). Upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Nukkleus would become
a Nasdaq-listed company PubCo and the parent company of Brilliant. The transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, are hereinafter referred to as the Business Combination. 

On
September 21, 2022, parties to the Merger Agreement entered into an Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement (the Amendment solely to extend the Outside Closing Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement), to the later of (i) October 23, 2022, or, (ii) following
the approval by Brilliant s shareholders of the extension of the life of the SPAC pursuant to Brilliant s organizational
documents, to the date so approved, but not later than January 23, 2023. 

On
September 28, 2022, parties to the Merger Agreement entered into an Amendment No. 2 to the Merger Agreement (the Second Amendment pursuant to which the parties agreed to increase the amount of the Backstop Pool (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of
shares to be issued to Brilliant Public Shareholders in the Business Combination from the lower of (1) 506,000, and (2) 20 of the aggregate
number of SPAC Shares and SPAC Rights issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (each as defined in the Merger Agreement)
prior to the Amendment to the lower of (1) 1,012,000, and (2) 40 of the aggregate number of SPAC Shares and SPAC Rights issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time pursuant to the Amendment. 

2 

On
January 20, 2023, parties to the Merger Agreement entered into an Amendment No. 3 to the Merger Agreement (the Third Amendment solely
to extend the Outside Closing Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement), to the later of (i) April 23, 2023, or, (ii) following
the approval by Brilliant s shareholders of the extension of the life of the SPAC pursuant to Brilliant s organizational
documents, to the date so approved, but not later than June 23, 2023. 

White
Lion Stock Purchase Agreement 

On
May 17, 2022, Nukkleus entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the White Lion Agreement with White Lion Capital Partners,
LLC a California-based investment fund White Lion ). Under the terms of the White Lion Agreement, Nukkleus has the right,
but not the obligation, to require White Lion to purchase shares of Nukkleus common stock up to a maximum amount of 75,000,000 or such
lower amount as may be required pursuant to the rules of the market on which shares of Nukkleus common stock trades at such time. Pursuant
to terms of the White Lion Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below), Nukkleus is required to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares to be acquired by White Lion within sixty days following
the closing of the previously announced business combination with Brilliant Acquisition Corporation described in Nukkleus s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022 (the Business Combination ). 

The
term of the White Lion Agreement commences on the effective date of the registration statement and shall end on December 31, 2024, or,
if earlier, the date on which White Lion has purchased the maximum number of shares of Nukkleus Common Stock provided under the White
Lion Agreement, in each case on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the White Lion Agreement. White Lion s purchase
price will be 96 of the dollar- volume weighted average price of Nukkleus common stock over the two consecutive trading days immediately
following receipt of Nukkleus s notice of its intent to make a draw. 

During
the term of the White Lion Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, Nukkleus may draw up to the lesser
of (i) the number of shares of Nukkleus common stock which would result in beneficial ownership by White Lion of more than 4.99 
of the outstanding shares of Nukkleus common stock, (ii) the number of shares of Nukkleus common stock equal to 30 of the average
daily trading volume of Nukkleus common stock over the five consecutive trading days immediately following the notice date, or (iii) the
number of Nukkleus common stock obtained by dividing 1,500,000 by the closing sale price of Nukkleus common stock on the notice date. 

Nukkleus
is not entitled to draw on the White Lion Agreement if the closing sale price of Nukkleus common stock on the trading day immediately
preceding the notice date is less than 1.00 (following the reverse stock split proposed in connection with the closing of the Business
Combination and described in Nukkleus s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022, but adjusted for any
other reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other similar transaction). Nukkleus is not entitled to draw
on the White Lion Agreement unless each of the following additional conditions is satisfied: (i) each of Nukkleus s representations
and warranties set forth in the White Lion Agreement is true and correct (subject to qualifications as to materiality set forth therein)
in all respects as of such time; (ii) a registration statement is and remains effective for the resale of securities in connection
with the White Lion Agreement; (iii) the trading of the Company s common stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC, the
applicable trading market or FINRA, or otherwise halted for any reason; (iv) the Company shall have complied with its obligations
and shall not otherwise be in breach or default of any agreement set forth in the White Lion Agreement; (v) no statute, regulation,
order, guidance, decree, writ, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated, threatened or endorsed by any federal,
state, local or foreign court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction, including, without limitation, the SEC, which prohibits
the consummation of or which would materially modify or delay any of the transactions contemplated by the White Lion Agreement; (vi) all
reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been filed by us with the SEC
pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934 (other than Forms 8-K) shall have been filed with the SEC within the
applicable time periods prescribed for such filings; (vii) to the extent the issuance of the put shares requires shareholder approval
under the listing rules of the applicable national exchange or principal quotation system for the Nukkleus common stock, the Company
has or will seek such approval; and (viii) certain other conditions as set forth in the White Lion Agreement. 

In
addition to the shares to be issued under the White Lion Agreement, Nukkleus will include in its registration statement additional shares
of Nukkleus common stock in the amount of 750,000 being issued to White Lion in connection with the execution of the White Lion Agreement. 

White
Lion Registration Rights Agreement 

In
connection with the Company s entry into the White Lion Agreement, Nukkleus entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with White
Lion (the Registration Rights Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, Nukkleus has agreed
to use its commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement under the Securities Act registering the resale of the shares
sold under the White Lion Agreement within sixty days of the closing of the Business Combination. The Registration Rights Agreement also
provides that Nukkleus is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep the registration effective and to prepare and file
with the SEC such amendments and supplements if the foregoing registration statement is not then in effect, and the Company proposes
to file certain types of registration statements under as may be necessary to keep the registration statement effective. 

3 

FXDD
Agreements 

On May 24, 2016, Nukkleus Limited entered into a General Service
Agreement to provide its software, technology, customer sales and marketing and risk management technology hardware and software solutions
package to FML Malta Ltd. In December 2017, Nukkleus Limited, FML Malta Ltd. and Triton Capital Markets Ltd. TCM entered into a letter agreement providing that there was an error in drafting the General Service Agreement and acknowledging that the
correct counter-party to Nukkleus Limited in the General Service Agreement is TCM. Accordingly, all references to FML Malta
Ltd. have been replaced with TCM. TCM is a private limited liability company formed under the laws of Malta. The General Service
Agreement entered with TCM provides that TCM will pay Nukkleus Limited at minimum 2,000,000 per month. On October 17, 2017, Nukkleus
Limited entered into an amendment of the General Service Agreement with TCM. In accordance with the amendment, which was effective
as of October 1, 2017, the minimum amount payable by TCM to Nukkleus Limited for services was reduced from 2,000,000 per month to
 1,600,000 per month. Emil Assentato is also the majority member of Max Q Investments LLC Max Q ), which is managed by Derivative
Marketing Associates Inc. DMA ). Mr. Assentato is the sole owner and manager of DMA. Max Q owns 79 of Currency
Mountain Malta LLC, which in turn is the sole shareholder of TCM. 

In
addition, on May 24, 2016, in order to appropriately service TCM, Nukkleus Limited entered into a General Service Agreement with
FXDIRECT, which provides that Nukkleus Limited will pay FXDIRECT a minimum of 1,975,000 per month in consideration of providing personnel
engaged in operational and technical support, marketing, sales support, accounting, risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer
care and support. FXDIRECT may terminate this agreement upon providing 90 days written notice. On October 17, 2017,
Nukkleus Limited entered into an amendment of the General Service Agreement with FXDIRECT. Pursuant to the amendment, which was
effective as of October 1, 2017, the minimum amount payable by Nukkleus Limited to FXDIRECT for services was reduced from 1,975,000
per month to 1,575,000 per month. Currency Mountain Holdings LLC is the sole shareholder of FXDIRECT. Max Q is the majority shareholder
of Currency Mountain Holdings LLC. 

The
foregoing descriptions of the terms and conditions of the General Services Agreement with FML Malta Ltd, the amendment to such General
Services Agreement, and the General Services Agreement with FXDIRECT are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full
text of the applicable agreement, which are filed herewith as Exhibit 10.5, Exhibit 10.6 and Exhibit 10.7, respectively, and incorporated
herein by reference. 

The
Market Opportunity 

The
FX market is a global, decentralized market for the trading of currencies. Nukkleus s management believes that FX trading involves
the simultaneous buying and selling of a currency pair for the purposes of hedging currency risk or to generate a profit. Nukkleus s
management believes that the FX market, once limited to large financial institutions, has expanded and matured over the past decade,
and now captures a wide range of participants, including central banks, commercial banks, non-bank corporations, hedge funds, brokers
and individual investors and traders. The market s expansion has helped lead to a significant increase in trading activity. In
addition to the increase in the breadth of market participants, management believes the key factors driving higher transaction volumes
include the adoption of electronic and high frequency trading, tighter trading spreads, rising volatility among currencies and enhanced
access to FX trading markets primarily through online brokers, such as FXDD for retail investors. 

4 

Management
believes that FX trading, initially utilized primarily for hedging purposes, has evolved as investor sophistication levels have risen,
trading costs have fallen, and as currencies have become increasingly viewed as a viable investment asset class. FX s low, (or
even negative) correlation among certain other portfolio assets, namely equities and fixed income, may help investors reduce overall
portfolio volatility. As such, we believe that currencies are often viewed as an important portfolio diversification tool. 

Fueled
by the growing adoption of the internet, the retail segment of the FX market began to emerge in the late 1990s. Developing online brokerage
firms provided individual investors with direct access to the global FX markets. Prior to the development of these trading platforms,
we believe that individual retail investors were effectively locked out of the FX market as minimum trade sizes were typically too high
for individual retail investors. Online FX brokers lowered the minimum volume barriers and transactions costs for retail trading, allowing
individuals to establish trading accounts with much lower initial deposits. We believe the retail FX segment now represents the fastest
growing portion of the overall FX market. We believe this growth will be driven by a handful of key market trends, including: 

Increased
 investor demand for exposure to currencies; 

Increasing
 internet adoption across the globe; 

Growing
 engagement of the offline market; 

Development
 of emerging markets and the emergence of an affluent middle class; and 

Increasing
 regulation resulting in greater confidence. 

Participants
in the retail FX market are geographically dispersed. Retail FX brokers, such as FXDD are seeking to expand their presence in projected
high growth regional areas, such as Asia and the Middle East. 

Systems
and Services 

Nukkleus
provides its services in the following service categories, including pursuant to its General Services Agreement with TCM. Under the General
Services Agreement, Nukkleus provides software technology and technical support to TCM in each of these service categories. 

Category
 One: Introducing Broker Dealer Network and the Introducing Broker Interface 

Category
 Two: Chinese and Middle East customer desk support 

Category
 Three: Bridging software to the XWare (MT4 and MT5) platforms 

Category
 Four: Forex Market Liquidity Access 

Category
 Five: Turnkey risk management support software and Risk Management Team 

Category
 Six: Front End Software Retail Trading Platforms and Customer Application Systems 

Category
 Seven: Back Office Systems management 

5 

Cate g ory
One: Introducing Broker Dealer Network 

Nukkleus,
by arrangement pursuant to our services agreement with TCM and FXDIRECT, provides to TCM clients an introducing broker (IB) network spread
across China, Japan and the Middle East. Our approach to the retail FX market is to focus on the development of relationships with independent
local referring brokers who provide a recurring source of new customers. These referring brokers do not have an exclusive relationship
with us, but are offered a competitive commission structure to deliver new customers to us. Our account managers primarily focus on building
relationships with referring brokers, and master referring brokers (who refer other referring brokers to us), as well as with customers
referred to us by referring brokers and acquired by us directly. We believe this approach, in contrast to retail FX brokers that focus
solely or primarily on acquiring accounts through online marketing campaigns, has allowed us to provide services to TCM, which allows
entities to achieve strong levels of net trading income, and accounts, as well as lower up front customer acquisition costs and greater
customer satisfaction. Referring brokers are typically either individuals who are current or former FX traders or individuals or companies
active in the area of FX trading and education and investment services advisory business. 

The
Introducing Broker Interface: The Introducing Broker IB interface empowers our partners to
view real time account data such as payouts, customer activity and reports. 

Nukkleus
delivers the software product in this category to TCM pursuant to the GSA with TCM and does not monitor or measure the number of end
users of the software. 

Cate g ory
Two: Asia, including Chinese and Middle East Customer Desk Support 

Nukkleus,
by arrangement pursuant to our services agreement, provides to TCM customer desk support in multiple languages. A key element of the
business strategy is the large, multi-lingual and multi-ethnic team of account managers at the headquarters in Jersey City,
New Jersey, as well as in certain other locations such as Malta, Jakarta, Indonesia and Tokyo, Japan. We obtained the services of account
managers by virtue of our services agreement with FXDIRECT. Account managers are compensated to a significant degree based on their
performance, measured by net deposits inflows, new accounts funded and transaction volume generated by customers. We believe that this
compensation structure motivates our account managers and leads to more active communication with our referring brokers and customers,
an improved customer trading experience, improved referring broker and customer retention and increased deposits. 

Nukkleus
delivers the software product in this category to TCM pursuant to the GSA with TCM and does not monitor or measure the number of end
users of the software. 

Cate g ory
Three: Bridging Software to the XWare (MT4 and MT5) platforms 

XWare
4 Bridge: The MT4 Bridge is a middleware product that connects the XWare server with the XW Trading System.
The Bridge passes both market data (i.e. quotes) and trading data (i.e. trade executions) between MT4 and the XW servers. By seamlessly
integrating the two, the Bridge allows for real time trade execution, reduced slippage, and access to liquidity through the XW Liquidity
Matrix. 

Nukkleus
delivers the software product in this category to TCM pursuant to the GSA with TCM and does not monitor or measure the number of end
users of the software. 

Cate g ory
Four: Forex Market Liquidity Access 

XWare
Liquidity Matrix: Dealers need access to as much liquidity as possible. Forexware s liquidity aggregation
technology supports API from most of the world s largest liquidity providers, including banks, hedge funds and electronic communication
networks (ECN). Our aggregation technology integrates seamlessly with customers existing infrastructure, providing the power to
optimize trading processes, manage accounts and revealing the most relevant information to make effective trading decisions. 

The
XWare Liquidity Bridge: With the XWare liquidity bridge, brokers can automatically submit trade requests to
the liquidity provider of choice and receive confirmation prior to sending an accept or reject message to
the broker s client. The XWare Liquidity Bridge was developed to improve liquidity processes, risk and availability by providing
a direct line of communication to vital backend processes. Brokers can create unique price streams from aggregated liquidity with sophisticated
control over liquidity sources, pricing models, execution models and risk management. 

XWare
Live Rate Feed: The XWare Live Rate Feed provides customers with streaming liquidity and prices in real time
that integrate seamlessly with existing trading platforms. The Quote Aggregator identifies outliers and bad ticks to ensure our clients
capture accurate and reliable pricing to protect them from price fluctuations and anomalies that frequently occur with Liquidity Providers. 

Nukkleus
delivers the software product in this category to TCM pursuant to the GSA with TCM and does not monitor or measure the number of end
users of the software. 

6 

Cate g ory
Five: Turnkey Risk Management Support Software, and Risk Management Team 

Nukkleus,
by arrangement pursuant to our services agreement with FXDIRECT, fields a risk management team of seasoned professionals who constantly
monitor liquidity flows and manage the hedging of transactions on a 24 / 7 basis, with three eight-hour shifts. This service is
provided both to the TCM clients, as well as to third-party clients who request this service. 

XWare
Risk Monitor: The XWare Risk Manager is an essential component of the Forexware s turnkey Xware suite,
offered to new brokers entering the market, or existing brokers looking to replace their existing systems. Our management is of the belief
that the Risk Manager software suite is the most vigorous and advanced risk management system available in the market today providing
customers the power to customize risk management settings at their fingertips. 

Nukkleus
delivers the software product in this category to TCM pursuant to the GSA with TCM and does not monitor or measure the number of end
users of the software. 

Cate g ory
Six: Front End Software Retail Trading Platforms and Customer Application Systems 

XWare
Trader: is a proprietary platform for retail and institutional traders. It offers fully customizable layouts
including colors, layout manager and undocking of windows. Advanced charting, one-click trading, and automated execution for algo
traders are all embedded in a modern interface. 

Swordfish
Trader: Swordfish Trader is a proprietary platform for retail and institutional traders. It offers fully customizable
layouts including colors, layout manager, and undocking of windows. Advanced charting, one-click trading, and automated execution
for algo traders are all embedded in a modern interface. Swordfish further offers risk management monitors unique from other trading
platforms. Nukkleus has also acquired the right to apply for a US federal copyright in relation to Swordfish Trader. 

Nukkleus
delivers the software product in this category to TCM pursuant to the GSA with TCM and does not monitor or measure the number of end
users of the software. 

Cate g ory
Seven: Back Office Systems Management: 

XWare
Apptracker: Xware Apptracker is a data workflow system designed to automate and manage new customer applications
and account information in a centralized location. Xware App Tracker provides customers easy to use tools that save time, organize and
track customer application information and manage new customer contract details for fast and efficient review and approval. 

Reporting
System: This complex and proprietary application generates customized reports, with numerous data queries
pre-loaded to run in addition to those a client to choose to customize. It is designed to pull any number of named, defined data
fields from both local databases and those from third party-run databases, such as Oracle Financials. 

Nukkleus
delivers the software product in this category to TCM pursuant to the GSA with TCM and does not monitor or measure the number of end
users of the software. 

In
regard to its Digital RFQ business, Nukkleus currently quantifies and monitors certain metrics and indicators on a weekly, monthly, quarterly,
semi-annual, and annual basis, including the following: 

Total
 Trading Volume, 

Total
 Trading Revenue, 

Total
 Trading Loss, 

Total
 Trading Margin, 

Total
 Trading Clients, 

Total
 Number of Trades, 

Average
 Trading Volume, 

Average
 Trading Loss, 

Average
 Trading Margin. 

7 

Intellectual
Property 

We
have several registered trademarks and service marks (US and foreign) and software assets. We also intend to pursue additional foreign
trademark registrations. Nukkleus has been assigned various registrations and trademarks relating to: 

Forexware 

MTXTREME 

Total
 Broker Solution 

Extreme
 Spreads 

When
 the News Breaks, Be there to Trade it 

Swordfish 

Nukkleus
has further acquired Patent Number 8799142 in relation to Forexware Patent. This relates to a method of displaying information associated
with currency exchange transactions in real time. 

In
addition to the revenues from our General Services Agreement with TCM, Nukkleus received revenue from financial services through Digital
RFQ. 

Corporate
Office 

Nukkleus s
principal executive office is 525 Washington Blvd, 14 th Floor, Jersey City, New Jersey 07310. Our main telephone number
is 212- 791-4663. 

Employees 

We
have the equivalent to approximately 12 employees, of which 11 employees work for Digital RFQ and one employee works for Nukkleus. Through
our relationship with FXDIRECT, we have access to approximately 30 account managers who speak over 10 different languages, and FXDIRECT
has contractual relationships with hundreds of referring brokers in at least twenty different countries. It also has contracts with various
independent contractors and consultants to fulfill additional needs, including investor relations, exploration, development, permitting,
and other administrative functions, and may staff further with employees as it expands activities and brings new projects online. 

8 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Summary of Risk Factors The following summarizes
the principal factors that make an investment in our company speculative or risky, all of which are more fully described in the Risk Factors
section below. This summary should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and should not be relied upon as an exhaustive
summary of the material risks facing our business. The following factors could result in harm to our business, reputation, revenue, financial
results, and prospects, among other impacts: 

Risks
Related to Nukkleus s Business 

We
 have a limited operating history in an evolving and highly volatile industry, which makes
 it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not
 be successful. 

If
 we do not effectively manage our growth and the associated demands on our operational, risk
 management, sales and marketing, technology, compliance and finance and accounting resources,
 our business may be adversely impacted. 

We
 face intense and increasing competition and, if we do not compete effectively, our competitive
 positioning and our operating results will be harmed. 

We
 currently compete at multiple levels with a variety of competitors. 

Cyberattacks
 and security breaches of our systems, or those impacting our customers or third parties,
 could adversely impact our brand and reputation and our business, operating results and financial
 condition. 

We
 may incur significant liability as a result of ongoing disputes. 

Any
 significant disruption in our technology could adversely impact our brand and reputation
 and our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We
 rely on third parties in critical aspects of our business, which creates additional risk.
 Our ability to offer our services depends on relationships with other financial services
 institutions and entities, and our inability to maintain existing relationships or to enter
 into new such relationships could impact our ability to offer services to customers. 

Our
 banking relationships for transaction processing are concentrated in a small number of partners. 

Certain
 large customers provide a significant share of our revenue and the termination of such agreements
 or reduction in business with such customers could harm our business. If we lose or are unable
 to renew these and other marketplace and enterprise client contracts at favorable terms,
 our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Our
 products and services may be exploited to facilitate illegal activity such as fraud, money
 laundering, gambling, tax evasion, and scams. If any of our customers use our products or
 services to further such illegal activities, we could be subject to liability and our business
 could be adversely affected. Our efforts to detect and monitor such transactions for compliance
 with law may require significant costs, and our failure to effectively deal with bad, fraudulent
 or fictitious transactions and material internal or external fraud could negatively impact
 our business. 

Our
 compliance and risk management methods might not be effective and may result in outcomes
 that could adversely affect our reputation, operating results, and financial condition. We
 rely on third parties for some of our KYC and other compliance obligations. 

We
 rely on connectivity with blockchain networks for our Platforms. 

If
 we fail to develop, maintain, and enhance our brand and reputation, our business, operating
 results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. Moreover, unfavorable media coverage
 could negatively affect our business. 

9 

Our
 future growth depends significantly on our marketing efforts, and if our marketing efforts
 are not successful, our business and results of operations will be harmed. 

Concerns
 about the environmental impacts of blockchain technology could adversely impact usage and
 perceptions of Nukkleus, its subsidiaries and our Platforms. 

The
 COVID-19 pandemic could have unpredictable, including adverse, effects on our business, operating
 results, and financial condition. 

As
 a remote-first company, we are subject to heightened operational and cybersecurity risks. 

Risks
Related to Nukkleus s Platforms 

Our
 product offerings are centered on WebTrader, MetaTrader, XWare, Forexware and certain other
 platforms and product offerings (together, our Platforms ). The regulatory landscape
 as it relates to processing payment transactions, including through our Platforms, continues
 to evolve. Such evolution may create additional regulatory burden and expense and could materially
 impact the use and adoption of our Platforms. 

The
 future development and growth of our Platforms is subject to a variety of factors that are
 difficult to predict and evaluate and may be in the hands of third parties to a substantial
 extent. If our Platforms do not grow as we expect, our business, operating results, and financial
 condition could be adversely affected. 

Due
 to unfamiliarity and some negative publicity associated with blockchain technology, our customer
 base may lose confidence in products and services that utilize blockchain technology. 

Our
 Platforms and blockchain-enabled payment processing services are innovative and are difficult
 to analyze vis- -vis existing financial services laws and regulations around the world.
 Our platforms involve certain risks, including reliance on third parties, which could limit
 or restrict our ability to offer the product in certain jurisdictions. 

Risks
Related to Nukkleus s Financial Condition 

There
 is no assurance that we will maintain profitability or that our revenue and business models
 will be successful. 

We
 may experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. 

Our
 financial forecasts, which were presented to Nukkleus s Board and are included in this
 proxy statement/prospectus, may not prove to be accurate. 

Changes
 in U.S. and foreign tax laws, as well as the application of such laws, could adversely
 impact our financial position and operating results. 

If
 our estimates or judgment relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect,
 our operating results could be adversely affected. 

The
 nature of our business requires the application of complex financial accounting rules, and
 there is limited guidance from accounting standard setting bodies. If financial accounting
 standards undergo significant changes, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

10 

Business
 metrics and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and our business,
 operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected by real or perceived
 inaccuracies in those metrics. 

We
 are subject to changes in financial reporting standards or policies, including as a result
 of choices made by us, which could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations
 and financial condition and may have a corresponding material adverse impact on capital ratios. 

As
 a public company, we are required to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls
 over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls
 may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our
 stock. 

We
 might require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be
 available or may require stockholder approval to obtain. 

We
 may be affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates 

Risks
Related to Nukkleus s Employees and Other Service Providers 

In
 the event of employee or service provider misconduct or error, our business may be adversely
 impacted. 

The
 loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly
 qualified personnel in the future, could adversely impact our business, operating results,
 and financial condition. 

Our
 culture emphasizes innovation, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, our business
 and operating results could be adversely impacted. 

Our
 officers, directors, employees, and large stockholders may encounter potential conflicts
 of interests with respect to their positions or interests in certain entities, and other
 initiatives, which could adversely affect our business and reputation. 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation 

We
 are subject to various laws and regulations, and any adverse changes to, or our failure to
 comply with, any laws and regulations could adversely affect our brand, reputation, business,
 operating results, and financial condition. 

Legislative
 and regulatory actions taken now or in the future may increase our costs and impact our business,
 governance structure, financial condition or results of operations. 

The
 regulatory environment to which we are subject gives rise to various licensing requirements,
 legal and financial compliance costs and management time, and non-compliance could result
 in monetary and reputational damages, all of which could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial position and results of operations. 

The
 financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation. Major changes in laws and
 regulations, as well as enforcement actions, could adversely affect our business, financial
 position, results of operations and prospects. 

We
 are subject to laws, regulations, and executive orders regarding economic and trade sanctions,
 anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and counter-terror financing that could impair our ability
 to compete in international markets or subject us to criminal or civil liability if we violate
 them. As we continue to expand and localize our international activities, our obligations
 to comply with the laws, rules, regulations, and policies of a variety of jurisdictions will
 increase and we may be subject to investigations and enforcement actions by U.S. and
 non-U.S. regulators and governmental authorities. 

11 

Our
 consolidated balance sheets may not contain sufficient amounts or types of regulatory capital
 to meet the changing requirements of our various regulators worldwide, which could adversely
 affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We
 obtain and process a large amount of sensitive customer data. Any real or perceived improper
 use of, disclosure of, or access to such data could harm our reputation, as well as have
 an adverse effect on our business. 

We
 are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, and industry requirements related
 to data privacy, data protection and information security across different markets where
 we conduct our business, including in the EEA, such laws, regulations, and industry requirements
 are constantly evolving and changing. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such
 laws, regulations, and industry requirements, or our privacy policies/notices could harm
 our business by impairing customer trust and could subject us to fines and reputational harm. 

We
 are and may continue to be subject to litigation, including individual and class action lawsuits,
 as well as regulatory audits, disputes, inquiries, investigations and enforcement actions
 by regulators and governmental authorities. 

Risks
Related to Nukkleus s Intellectual Property 

Our
 intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could adversely
 impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

In
 the future we may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary
 rights. 

General
Risk Factors 

The
 SEC has adopted amendments to Rule 15c2-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which
 could adversely affect our common stock. 

Adverse
 economic conditions may adversely affect our business. 

We
 may be adversely affected by natural disasters, pandemics, and other catastrophic events,
 and by man-made problems such as war or terrorism, that could disrupt our business operations,
 and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from
 a serious disaster. 

Acquisitions,
 joint ventures or other strategic transactions create certain risks and may adversely affect
 our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Delaware
 law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws will contain certain provisions, including
 anti-takeover provisions that limit the ability of stockholders to take certain actions and
 could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 

12 

Risks
Related to Nukkleus s Business 

We
have a limited operating history in an evolving and highly volatile industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects
and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. 

Nukkleus
was formed in 2013 and since then our business model has continued to evolve. In 2021, we acquired a controlling interest in Match. In
2019, our Digital RFQ indirect subsidiary, and wholly owned subsidiary of Match, began to operate a payment processing business partly
using blockchain technology. The comparability of our results in prior quarterly or annual periods should not be viewed as an indication
of future performance. The blockchain technology used by Digital RFQ in its payment processing business and referred to
throughout this proxy statement/prospectus is intended to refer to stablecoins operated on the Bitcoin, Ethereum and Tron networks, or
such other blockchain networks as Digital RFQ may determine to be reliable and well established in the financial services industry, at
an advanced stage and fully tested and collaterialized based on certain criteria summarized below. The blockchain networks used by Digital
RFQ in its payment processing business are maintained and operated by third parties. 

Because
Digital RFQ makes use of blockchain technology only to process payments and does not hold digital assets, the criteria for the adoption
and use of any blockchain network may differ from those of investors in stablecoins. Digital RFQ evaluates each blockchain and/or stablecoin
on a daily and transaction-by-transaction basis, to minimize any risk associated with the blockchain or stablecoin and to ensure
that Digital RFQ can reliably complete the transaction in and out of the stablecoin quickly to minimize such risk. Digital RFQ determines
that a blockchain or stablecoin is suitable for use in its payment processing services by assessing the following criteria: 

First,
how widely supported is the blockchain stablecoin combination by Digital RFQ s trading partners, including the banks and financial
institutions Digital RFQ uses to support its business. Having sufficient trading partners that support the blockchain or stablecoin means
there may be multiple choices of blockchain to use for any given trade. 

Second,
 whether there is sufficient liquidity in those partners holdings of the stablecoin
 to ensure Digital RFQ is able to trade in or out without exposure to volatility and price
 risk. 

To
determine whether any blockchain technology meets Digital RFQ s requirements and is a suitable candidate for use in Digital RFQ s
payment processing business, we assess the following criteria. We monitor these criteria for each blockchain or stablecoin we use regularly
on an ongoing basis: 

Market
 share . Digital RFQ assesses a blockchain or stablecoin s
 share of the stablecoin market as a whole and market capitalization from publicly available
 information. Some stablecoins have been in existence longer than others and may have a larger
 market share and market capitalization. These factors also have an influence on the market
 perception of such stablecoins. For example, USDT Tether is the most prominent
 stablecoin measured by market capitalization but has faced auditing issues, while newer products
 such as GBPT have had professional Big Four auditors from inception but do not have material
 market share to date and thus would not be perceived or assessed as at an advanced stage
 or well established. 

Auditing
 and Collateralization . Auditing is paramount to the security and
 stability of stablecoins and for this reason Digital RFQ will only work with firms that adhere
 to full collateralization that is independently verified by an outside auditor. Digital RFQ
 believes that collateralization is key in maturing stablecoins. For example, the UST Terra
 Luna collapse showed that algorithmically-backed stability creates vulnerability
 to counterparty mismanagement and influence, driven by the difficulty and lack of auditing
 and intrinsic connection to the Terra network itself. In contrast, collateralized stablecoins
 such as USDT and USDC are fully backed by reserve fiat currency holdings and can be redeemed
 by holders for such fiat currency. Digital RFQ also views traditional markets, while much
 more established, as not completely free of risk since they rely substantially on fractional
 reserve banking to maintain the market. 

Counterparty
 Risk . Digital RFQ assesses counterparty risk in its stablecoin
 and blockchain selection in the issuer of the stablecoin and its governance and in the banks
 and financial institutions it uses to source liquidity. Digital RFQ assesses the degree of
 governance decentralization that may give direct control over funds (as backing, for example)
 or attack vectors to the governance architecture that could expose control over funds, and
 determines the degree of counterparty risk from the level of centralization. To assess the
 degree of centralization, Digital RFQ examines the number of parties controlling the blockchain
 protocol, the number of holders and the level of founder backing (demonstrated by founders
 holding a significant amount of the stablecoin). Digital RFQ is able to remain operationally
 stable throughout any given payment processing transaction due primarily to a robust counterparty
 infrastructure and minimal exposure to these transit legs of the transaction
 (for more information on the third parties involved in Digital RFQ s payment processing
 business, please refer to the section titled We rely on connectivity to blockchain
 networks for our Platforms . 

13 

Smart
 Contract Risk . Smart contract risk relates to the technical security
 of a blockchain or stablecoin based on its underlying code. If one of the supported stablecoins
 or other digital currencies is compromised, collateral will be affected, thus threatening
 the solvency of the blockchain protocol. Projects must have undergone audits to be considered.
 We assess maturity based on the number of days and the number of transactions of the smart
 contract as a representation of use, community and development. These proxies show how strong
 the code is. 

However,
because Digital RFQ makes use of blockchain technology only to process payments, and does not hold digital assets, we are able to constantly
monitor the status of any blockchain network or stablecoin before, during and after a payment is processed, and determine which of the
available blockchain networks is suitable for a particular transaction. We therefore do not believe we are exposed to material risks
associated with holding stablecoins or other digital assets. Furthermore, we do not use stablecoins of an algorithmic nature, and in
the event that we determine any particular stablecoin presents a threat or risk to the security of our business, customers or the transactions
we process, we promptly move to another stablecoin network. We do not accept payment in digital assets and do not hold digital assets
for investment or offer digital wallet services. 

Because
we have a limited history operating our business at its current scale and scope, it is difficult to evaluate our current business and
future prospects, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. For example, recently launched services require substantial
resources and there is no guarantee that such expenditures will result in profit or growth of our business. The rapidly evolving nature
of the market in which we operate, substantial uncertainty concerning how these markets may develop, and other economic factors beyond
our control, reduces our ability to accurately forecast quarterly or annual revenue. Failure to manage our current and future growth
effectively could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

If
we do not effectively manage our growth and the associated demands on our operational, risk management, sales and marketing, technology,
compliance and finance and accounting resources, our business may be adversely impacted. 

We
have experienced recent significant growth through our acquisition of Match. In our recent acquisitions, including our acquisition of
Match, our business has become increasingly complex by expanding the services we offer to include financial services and payment processing
services. To effectively manage and capitalize on our growth, we must continue to expand our information technology and financial, operating,
and administrative systems and controls, and continue to manage headcount, capital, and processes efficiently. Our continued growth could
strain our existing resources, and we could experience ongoing operating difficulties in managing our business as it expands across numerous
jurisdictions, including difficulties in hiring, training, and managing an employee base. Failure to scale and preserve our company culture
with growth could harm our future success, including our ability to retain and recruit personnel and to effectively focus on and pursue
our corporate objectives. If we do not adapt to meet these evolving challenges, or if our management team does not effectively scale
with our growth, we may experience erosion to our brand, the quality of our products and services may suffer, and our company culture
may be harmed. Moreover, the failure of our systems and processes could undermine our ability to provide accurate, timely, and reliable
reports on our financial and operating results, including the financial statements provided herein, and could impact the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting. In addition, our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions,
or fraud, though we have experienced no such material errors, omissions or fraud in the past. For example, our employees may fail to
identify transaction errors or fraudulent information provided by our customers. Any of the foregoing operational failures could lead
to noncompliance with laws, loss of operating licenses or other authorizations, or loss of bank relationships that could substantially
impair or even suspend company operations. 

We
intend to continue to develop our technology, in particular our blockchain-enabled payment processing offering. Successful implementation
of this strategy may require significant expenditures before any substantial associated revenue is generated and we cannot guarantee
that these increased investments will result in corresponding and offsetting revenue growth. Our growth may not be sustainable and depends
on our ability to retain existing customers, attract new customers, expand product offerings, and increase processed volumes and revenue
from both new and existing customers. 

The
future growth of our business depends on its ability to retain existing customers, attract new customers as well as getting existing
customers and new customers to increase the volumes processed through our payments platform and therefore grow revenue. Our customers
are not subject to any minimum volume commitments and they have no obligation to continue to use our services, and we cannot be sure
that customers will continue to use our services or that we will be able to continue to attract new volumes at the same rate as we have
in the past. 

A
customer s use of our services may decrease for a variety of reasons, including the customer s level of satisfaction with
our products and services, the expansion of business to offer new products and services, the effectiveness of our support services, the
pricing of our products and services, the pricing, range and quality of competing products or services, the effects of global economic
conditions, regulatory or financial institution limitations, trust, perception and interest in foreign exchange and payment processing
services and in our products and services, or reductions in the customer s payment and transfer activity. Furthermore, the complexity
and costs associated with switching to a competitor may not be significant enough to prevent a customer from switching service providers,
especially for larger customers who commonly engage more than one payment service provider at any one time. 

Any
failure by us to retain existing customers, attract new customers, and increase revenue from both new and existing customers could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. These efforts may require substantial financial
expenditures, commitments of resources, developments of our processes, and other investments and innovations. 

14 

We
face intense and increasing competition and, if we do not compete effectively, our competitive positioning and our operating results
will be harmed. 

We
operate in a rapidly changing and highly competitive industry, and our results of operations and future prospects depend on, among other
things: 

the
 growth of our customer base, 

our
 ability to monetize our customer base, 

our
 ability to acquire customers at a lower cost, and 

our
 ability to increase the overall value to us of each of our customers while they use our products
 and services. 

Despite
the regulatory barriers to enter the markets we serve, we expect our competition to continue to increase. In addition to established
enterprises, we may also face competition from early-stage companies attempting to capitalize on the same, or similar, opportunities
as we are. Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, particularly with respect to our digital financial
services products, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources, and a larger customer base than we do.
This allows them, among others, to potentially offer more competitive pricing or other terms or features, a broader range of digital
financial products, or a more specialized set of specific products or services, as well as respond more quickly than we can to new or
emerging technologies and changes in customer preferences. 

Our
existing or future competitors may develop products or services that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater
market acceptance than our products and services. This could attract new customers away from our services and reduce our market share
in the future. Additionally, when new competitors seek to enter our markets, or when existing market participants seek to increase their
market share, these competitors sometimes undercut, or otherwise exert pressure on, the pricing terms prevalent in that market, which
could adversely affect our market share and/or ability to capitalize on new market opportunities. 

We
currently compete at multiple levels with a variety of competitors, including: 

payment
 platforms; 

banks
 and non-bank financial institutions (including without limitation those using the Society
 for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system); and 

foreign
 exchange and derivative, including contract for difference CFD ), transfer
 processors. 

Because
we do not currently control a bank or a bank holding company, we may be subject to regulation by a variety of state, federal and international
regulators across our products and services and we rely on third-party banks to provide payment-processing services to our
customers. This regulation by federal, state and international authorities increases our compliance costs, as we navigate multiple regimes
with different examination schedules and processes and varying disclosure requirements. 

We
believe that our ability to compete depends upon many factors, both within and beyond our control, including the following: 

the
 size, diversity and activity levels of our customer base; 

the
 timing and market acceptance of products and services, including developments and enhancements
 to those products and services offered by us and our competitors; 

customer
 service and support efforts; 

15 

selling
 and marketing efforts; 

the
 ease of use, performance, price and reliability of solutions developed either by us or our
 competitors; 

changes
 in economic conditions, regulatory and policy developments; 

our
 ability to successfully execute on our business plans; 

our
 ability to enter new markets; 

general
 digital payments, capital markets, blockchain and stablecoin market conditions; 

the
 ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; and 

our
 brand strength relative to our competitors. 

Our
current and future business prospects demand that we act to meet these competitive challenges but, in doing so, our revenue and results
of operations could be adversely affected if we, for example, increase marketing expenditures or make other expenditures. All of the
foregoing factors and events could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects. 

Cyberattacks
and security breaches of our systems, or those impacting our customers or third parties, could adversely impact our brand and reputation
and our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
business involves the collection, storage, processing and transmission of confidential information, customer, employee, service provider
and other personal data, as well as information required to access customer assets. We have built our reputation on the premise that
our products and services offer customers a secure way to accept and make payments and store value. As a result, any actual or perceived
security breach of us or our third-party partners may: 

harm
 our reputation and brand; 

result
 in our systems or services being unavailable and interrupt our operations; 

result
 in improper disclosure of data and violations of applicable privacy and other laws; 

result
 in significant regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, penalties, and other legal, regulatory
 and financial exposure; 

cause
 us to incur significant remediation costs; 

lead
 to theft or irretrievable loss of our or our customers assets; 

reduce
 customer confidence in, or decreased use of, our products and services; 

divert
 the attention of management from the operation of our business; 

result
 in significant compensation or contractual penalties from us to our customers or third parties
 as a result of losses to them or claims by them; and 

adversely
 affect our business and operating results. 

Further,
any actual or perceived breach or cybersecurity attack directed at other financial institutions or blockchain companies, whether or not
we are directly impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in the use of technology to conduct financial transactions,
which could negatively impact us including the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and technology infrastructure. 

16 

An
increasing number of organizations, including large businesses, technology companies and financial institutions, as well as government
institutions, have disclosed breaches of their information security systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted
attacks, including on their websites, mobile applications, and infrastructure. Attacks upon systems across a variety of industries, including
the payment processing, forex and CFD industry, are increasing in their frequency, persistence, and sophistication, and, in many cases,
are being conducted by sophisticated, well-funded, and organized groups and individuals, including state actors. The techniques used
to obtain unauthorized, improper, or illegal access to systems and information (including customers personal data and digital
assets), disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and often are
not recognized or detected until after they have been launched against a target. These attacks may occur on our systems or those of our
third-party service providers or partners. Certain types of cyberattacks could harm us even if our systems are left undisturbed.
For example, attacks may be designed to deceive employees and service providers into releasing control of our systems to a hacker, while
others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware into our systems with a view to stealing confidential or proprietary data. Additionally,
certain threats are designed to remain dormant or undetectable until launched against a target and we may not be able to implement adequate
preventative measures. 

Although
we do not have a past history of material security breaches or cyberattacks, and do not believe we are a target of such breaches or attacks,
we have developed systems and processes designed to protect the data we manage, prevent data loss and other security breaches, effectively
respond to known and potential risks. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to bolster these protections, but there can
be no assurance that these security measures will provide absolute security or prevent breaches or attacks. Threats can come from a variety
of sources, including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, and insiders. Certain threat
actors may be supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even more sophisticated and difficult to detect.
As a result, our costs and the resources we devote to protecting against these advanced threats and their consequences may increase over
time. 

Although
we maintain insurance coverage that we believe is adequate for our business, it may be insufficient to protect us against all losses
and costs stemming from security breaches, cyberattacks, and other types of unlawful activity, or any resulting disruptions from such
events. Outages and disruptions of our systems, including any caused by cyberattacks, may harm our reputation and our business, operating
results, and financial condition. 

We
may incur significant liability as a result of ongoing disputes. 

We
were party to the BT Prime Litigation, and the case against us has now been dismissed with prejudice with no material liability to us.
We may be subject to various other legal proceedings, consumer arbitrations, and regulatory investigation matters. If any of these matters
are resolved unfavorably to us, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

17 

Any
significant disruption in our technology could adversely impact our brand and reputation and our business, operating results, and financial
condition. 

Our
reputation and ability to grow our business depends on our ability to operate our service at high levels of reliability, scalability,
and performance, including the ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions that occur at high volume
and frequencies across multiple systems. The proper functioning of our products and services, the ability of our customers to make and
receive payments, and our ability to operate at a high level, are dependent on our ability to access the blockchain networks underlying
our Platforms and other supported blockchain-based products and technology, for which access is dependent on our systems 
ability to access the internet. Further, the successful and continued operations of such blockchain networks will depend on a network
of computers, miners, or validators, and their continued operations, all of which may be impacted by service interruptions. 

Our
systems, the systems of our third-party service providers and partners, and certain blockchain networks, have experienced from time
to time and may experience in the future service interruptions or degradation because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions,
distributed denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, insider threats, break-ins, sabotage, human error, vandalism, earthquakes,
hurricanes, floods, fires, and other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, fraud, military or
political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses or other malware, or other events. In addition, extraordinary site usage could
cause our computer systems to operate at an unacceptably slow speed or even fail. Some of our systems, including systems of companies
we have acquired, or the systems of our third-party service providers and partners are not fully redundant, and our or their disaster
recovery planning may not be sufficient for all possible outcomes or events. 

If
any of our systems, or those of our third-party service providers, are disrupted for any reason, our products and services may fail,
resulting in unanticipated disruptions, slower response times and delays in our services, including our customers payments through
our Platforms. This could lead to failed or unauthorized payments, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, loss of customer information,
increased demand on limited customer support resources, customer claims, and complaints with regulatory organizations, lawsuits, or enforcement
actions. 

A
prolonged interruption in the availability or reduction in the availability, speed, or functionality of our products and services could
harm our business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in our services could cause current or potential customers or partners to believe
that our systems are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid or reduce the use of our products and services,
and could permanently harm our reputation and brands. 

Moreover,
to the extent that any system failure or similar event results in damages to our customers or their business partners, these customers
or partners could seek significant compensation or contractual penalties from us for their losses, and those claims, even if unsuccessful,
are likely to be time-consuming and costly for us to address. Problems with the reliability or security of our systems would harm
our reputation, and damage to our reputation and the cost of remedying these problems could negatively affect our business, operating
results, and financial condition. 

In
addition, we are continually improving and upgrading our information systems and technologies. Implementation of new systems and technologies
is complex, expensive, time-consuming, and may not be successful. If we fail to timely and successfully implement new information systems
and technologies, or improvements or upgrades to existing information systems and technologies, or if such systems and technologies do
not operate as intended, it could have an adverse impact on our business, internal controls (including internal controls over financial
reporting), operating results, and financial condition. 

Because
we are subject to regulation in certain jurisdictions, frequent or persistent interruptions could also lead to regulatory scrutiny, significant
fines and penalties, and mandatory and costly changes to our business practices, and ultimately could cause us to lose existing licenses
or banking relationships that we need to operate, or prevent or delay us from obtaining additional licenses that may be required for
our business. 

We
rely on third parties in critical aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. Our ability to offer our services depends on
relationships with other financial services institutions and entities, and our inability to maintain existing relationships or to enter
into new such relationships could impact our ability to offer services to customers. 

We
depend on various third-party partners and payment systems. More specifically, our offering of payments and transfer services depends
on our ability to offer blockchain transaction processing, Automated Clearing House network ACH transaction processing,
wire transfer and other payment processing services to our customers. 

In
order to provide such transaction processing services, we have established relationships with financial institutions whereby such financial
institutions provide us with access into the relevant payment networks (e.g., the card networks and the ACH). Our ability to offer our
core services depends on our ability to maintain existing relationships with financial institutions and to seek out and obtain new such
relationships. 

18 

Also,
critical aspects of our technology rely on third-party technologies, including blockchain networks. Our regulatory status, the status
of our Platforms and of blockchain technologies more generally, may be an impediment to our ability to receive or obtain services from
financial institutions. Should our partners cease providing access to such technologies and networks, we would be at risk of being unable
to provide the payment processing services that are core to our customer offering. 

Third
parties upon which we rely to process transactions may refuse to process transactions adequately, may breach their agreements with us,
refuse to renew agreements on commercially reasonable terms, take actions that degrade the functionality of our services, impose additional
costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competitive services or suffer outages in their systems, any of which
could disrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Some
third parties that provide services to us may have or gain market power and be able to increase their prices to us without competitive
constraint. In addition, there can be no assurance that third parties that provide services directly to us will continue to do so on
acceptable terms, or at all, or will not suffer from outages to their systems. If any third parties were to stop providing services to
us on acceptable terms, we may be unable to procure alternatives from other third parties in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable
terms, or at all, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
are subject to credit risks in respect of counterparties, including financial institutions. 

We
are and will continue to be subject to the risk of actual or perceived deterioration of the commercial and financial soundness, or perceived
soundness, of other financial institutions, in particular in relation to receivables from financial institutions regarding settled payment
transactions, and cash and cash-equivalents held at financial institutions. One institution defaulting, failing a stress test or
requiring mail-in by its shareholders and/or creditors and/or bail-out by a government could lead to significant liquidity
problems and losses or defaults by other institutions. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty
or major financial institution may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by financial institutions on which
we have an exposure. This risk resulting from the interdependence on financial institutions is sometimes referred to as systemic
risk and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as industry payment systems and banks, with whom we interact on a
daily basis. Systemic risk, particularly within the United States, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise
new funding and on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our
banking relationships for transaction processing are concentrated in a small number of partners. 

We
use a small number of banks and financial institutions as banking services providers. Should our relationships with such banks and financial
institutions deteriorate, we may be limited in our ability to offer the payment processing services that are core to our offerings. While
we have multiple such banking partners and are working to diversify these relationships further, we do not have written agreements with
such banks and financial institutions and there remains some risk that, in the short term, our ability to provide payment processing
services may be affected by any interruption in the banking services we receive. As such, should our relationships with our existing
banking and financial institution partners deteriorate or if such banks and financial institutions make a decision to discontinue the
services they provide us, we could lose our ability to process payments, financial transfers and other transactions. In such an
event, the value of our services would be negatively impacted and our institutional investor clients could be forced to process smaller
transaction volume with us or to cease transaction processing through us entirely. 

Certain
large customers provide a significant share of our revenue and the termination of such agreements or reduction in business with such
customers could harm our business. If we lose or are unable to renew these and other marketplace and enterprise client contracts at favorable
terms, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

The
largest customer provides significant contribution to our revenue. For the year ended September 30, 2022, our largest customer, TCM,
represented 89.2 of our revenue. Failure to retain this and other customers could negatively impact our business and could lead to significant
fluctuations in our performance. Customers may seek price reductions when renewing, expanding or changing their services with us and/or
when their need for payment, asset storage, investing or capital raise services experiences significant volume changes. 

Should
the rate of growth of our customers business slow or decline, this could have an adverse effect on volumes processed and therefore
an adverse effect on our results of operations. If our contracts are terminated by our large customers or if our large customers shift
business away, or if we are unsuccessful in retaining contract terms that are favorable to us, our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

19 

Our
products and services may be exploited to facilitate illegal activity such as fraud, money laundering, gambling, tax evasion, and scams.
If any of our customers use our products or services to further such illegal activities, we could be subject to liability and our business
could be adversely affected. Our efforts to detect and monitor such transactions for compliance with law may require significant costs,
and our failure to effectively deal with bad, fraudulent or fictitious transactions and material internal or external fraud could negatively
impact our business. 

We
may in the future be subject to liability for illegal transactions, including fraudulent payments initiated by our customers, money laundering,
gambling, tax evasion, and scams. Examples of fraud include when a party knowingly uses stolen or otherwise illicitly acquired access
information to a transaction. In addition, we are subject to the risk that our employees, counterparties or third-party service
providers commit fraudulent activity against us or our customers. 

Criminals
are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting, account takeover and fraud. It is
possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. The use of our products or services for illegal or improper purposes could
subject us to claims, individual and class action lawsuits, and government and regulatory investigations, prosecutions, enforcement actions,
inquiries, or requests that could result in liability and reputational harm for us. In addition, our efforts to detect and monitor such
transactions for compliance with law may require significant costs. 

Moreover,
certain activities that may be legal in one jurisdiction may be illegal in another jurisdiction, and certain activities that are at one
time legal may in the future be deemed illegal in the same jurisdiction. As a result, there is significant uncertainty and cost associated
with detecting and monitoring transactions for compliance with local laws. In the event that a customer is found responsible for intentionally
or inadvertently violating the laws in any jurisdiction, we may be subject to governmental inquiries, enforcement actions, prosecuted,
or otherwise held secondarily liable for aiding or facilitating such activities. Changes in law have also increased the penalties for
money transmitters, e-money issuers, broker-dealers and alternative trading systems for certain illegal activities, and government
authorities may consider increased or additional penalties from time to time. Owners of intellectual property rights or government authorities
may seek to bring legal action against us for involvement in the sale of infringing or allegedly infringing items. Any threatened or
resulting claims could result in reputational harm, and any resulting liabilities, loss of transaction volume, or increased costs could
harm our business. 

Moreover,
while fiat currencies can be used to facilitate illegal activities, blockchain technologies, such those used in our Platforms are relatively
new and, in many jurisdictions, may be lightly regulated or largely unregulated. Many blockchains have characteristics such as the speed
with which digital asset transactions can be conducted, the ability to conduct transactions without the involvement of regulated intermediaries,
the ability to engage in transactions across multiple jurisdictions, the irreversible nature of certain blockchain transactions, and
encryption technology that anonymizes these transactions, which may make blockchain technology susceptible to use in illegal activity. 

U.S. federal
and state and foreign regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies, such as the Department of Justice, the SEC, the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission, The Federal Trade Commission, the IRS and various state securities and financial regulators investigate,
issue subpoenas and civil investigative demands, and take legal action against persons and entities alleged to be engaged in fraudulent
schemes or other illicit activity involving blockchain technologies. 

While
we believe that our risk management and compliance framework is designed to detect significant illicit activities conducted by our potential
or existing customers, we cannot ensure that we will be able to detect all illegal activity on our systems. If any of our customers use
our products and services to further such illegal activities, our business could be adversely affected. We have not detected any material
illicit activities in the past. 

Our
risk management and compliance framework is key to our operations and is designed to address Anti Money Laundering AML and Counter Terrorist Finance CTF considerations consistent with our authorization by the Financial Conduct Authority
as an Electronic Money Directive Agent, among others. The key elements of the regulatory framework that impact us include, but are not
limited to, the following U.K. legislation: 

The
European Union 5 th and 6 th Money Laundering Directives. The main components of the 5 th Money
Laundering Directive was to (i) grant access to the general public to beneficial ownership information of EU based companies; (ii) requires
regulated entities to consult the beneficial ownership register when performing AML due diligence; (iii) obliges EU member states to
create a list of national public offices and functions that qualify as politically exposed persons (PEP); and (iv) introduces strict
enhanced due diligence measures for financial flows from high risk third countries. The 6 th Money Laundering Directive
introduced a harmonised list of 22 predicate offences that constitute money laundering and expanded its regulatory scope and criminal
definition to include aiding and abetting . Regulated entities such as Digital RFQ are required to ensure that their AML/CFT
programs address those offences. Criminal liability for those laundering money has been extended to legal persons, which means that organisations
can be punished for offences committed by the people that work for them. The change means that responsibility for corporate criminal
conduct falls on management personnel in addition to individual employees. 

20 

The
Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer), Regulation 2017. 

Proceeds
of Crime Act 2002. Digital RFQ is required to ensure sufficient controls are in place to enable its employees to recognise money laundering. 

Terrorism
Act 2000 and Counter Terrorism Act 2008 . Digital RFQ is required to ensure sufficient controls are in place so that the firm can
recognise terrorist financing. 

Fraud
Act 2006 . Digital RFQ is required to ensure controls are in place to identify the risk of both internal and external fraud and the
necessary controls are implemented 

Bribery
Act 2010 . Digital RFQ is required to ensure controls are in place to identify the risk of bribery and corruption and the necessary
controls are implemented 

The
primary objectives in establishing our AML/CTF policy are to: 

Conduct
regular assessments to continually understand the money laundering and terrorist financing ML/TF risks associated with
our business activities; 

Prevent
Digital RFQ s services from being used for tax evasion purposes; 

Ensure
Digital RFQ has appropriate controls to mitigate the ML/TF and tax evasion risks faced by the business; 

Establish
minimum standards of customer due diligence to be obtained for all entities we conduct business with, including to: 

Identify
and verify legal existence; 

Understand
who are the natural persons that ultimately own or control the entity; 

Understand
the risks posed by higher risks clients, business relationships or transactions; and 

Establish
standards to allow us to identify unusual or potential suspicious behavior and report suspicions of ML/TF or other financial crime, as
advised by law. 

DigitalRFQ s
risk-based approach to AML/CTF is driven by the clients risk rating. DigitalRFQ operates a three-tiered classification of a
potential client relationship: 

1. Low
Risk applying simplified due diligence of customers 

2. Medium
Risk applying standard client due diligence 

3. High
Risk applying enhanced due diligence 

Standard
customer due diligence is conducted on the majority of customers, who present a normal level of risk. Where enough low risk factors from
the customer are identified, Digital RFQ employs simplified due diligence, which is a light touch approach involving less stringent checks.
Conversely, if high risk factors are identified, then the firm employs enhanced due diligence, which involves a thorough deep
dive review of the customer. These customers, if approved, are then subject to ongoing monitoring. 

21 

Simplified
due diligence is for customers who present a very low risk: 

1. Timing
 the general rule is to verify identity before the establishment of a business relationship. However, there is now an exemption
to this if there is little risk of money laundering. With simplified due diligence, the verification can take place later, so we do not
interrupt the normal flow of business, provided that the verification is completed as soon as practicable after contact is first established. 

2. Electronic
 a customer s identification can be based purely on electronic identification if the verification software used is of sufficient,
accredited standard and that they can corroborate some of the information obtained with the customer. This could even be the case in
some non-face-to-face relationships, if there are sufficient low risk factors in place. 

3. Documentation
 this can be done with one document only and need not be independently certified. 

Enhanced
due diligence is followed in all circumstances where a customer is identified as high-risk, and this involves seven specific tasks: 

1. Conduct
enhanced monitoring of the business relationship by increasing the number and timing of controls applied, and selecting patterns of transactions
that need further examination. 

2. Obtaining
additional information about the customer. 

3. Capturing
additional information about the intended nature of the business relationship. 

4. Finding
out about the source of the funds or wealth of the customer. 

5. Understanding
the reasons for the intended or performed transactions. 

6. Getting
the approval of senior management for continuing the business relationship. 

7. Requiring
the first payment to be carried out through an account in the customer s name with a bank subject to similar customer due diligence
standards. 

22 

Digital
RFQ performs a customer risk assessment to determine whether a specific customer is high, medium or low risk and will take into consideration
the customer type, their geographic location and the product or service being provided. When assessing the risk, Digital RFQ considers
the following risk factors: 

Risk
 Type 
 
 High
 Risk Factors 
 
 Low
 Risk Factors 
 
 Customer 
 
 The
 business relationship is conducted in unusual circumstances 
 
 Customers
 that are resident in jurisdictions considered to present a higher risk 
 
 Legal
 persons or arrangements that are personal asset-holding vehicles 
 
 Companies
 that have nominee shareholders or shares in bearer form 
 
 Businesses
 that are cash-intensive 
 
 The
 ownership structure of the company appears unusual or excessively complex given the nature of the company s business 
 
 Public
 companies listed on a stock exchange and subject to disclosure requirements (either by stock
 exchange rules or through law or enforceable means), which impose requirements to ensure
 adequate transparency of beneficial ownership 
 
 Public
 administrations or enterprises Customers that are resident in jurisdictions considered to present a lower risk 

Geographic
 Location 
 
 Countries
 identified by credible sources as not having effective anti-money laundering (AML) or
 Combating the Financing of Terrorism (CFT) systems (such as mutual evaluations, detailed
 assessment reports or published follow-up reports) 
 
 Countries
 identified by credible sources as having significant levels of corruption or other criminal activity 
 
 Countries
 subject to sanctions, embargos or similar measures issued by, for example, the European Union or the United Nations 
 Countries
 providing funding or support for terrorist activities, or that have designated terrorist organisations operating within their country 
 
 EU
 Member States 
 
 Third
 leg countries having effective AML/CFT systems 
 
 Third
 leg countries identified by credible sources as having a low level of corruption or other criminal activity 
 
 Third
 leg countries which, on the basis of credible sources such as mutual evaluations, detailed assessment reports or published follow-up reports,
 have requirements to combat money laundering and terrorist financing consistent with the revised FATF recommendations and effectively
 implement those requirements 

Risk
 Type 
 
 High
 Risk Factors 
 
 Low
 Risk Factors 
 
 Product
 or Service 
 
 Products
 or transactions that might favour anonymity 
 
 Non-face-to-face business
 relationships or transactions, without certain safeguards, such as electronic signatures 
 
 Payments
 received from unknown or un-associated third parties 
 New
 products and new business practices 
 
 Life
 insurance policies for which the premium is low 
 
 Insurance
 policies for pension schemes, if there is no early surrender option and the policy cannot be used as collateral 
 
 Financial
 products or services that provide appropriately defined and limited services to certain types of customers, so as to increase access
 for financial inclusion purposes 

23 

Digital
RFQ undertakes ongoing monitoring regardless of the customer risk level and whether the onboarding process involved simple, standard
or enhanced due diligence. This is carried out using a risk-based approach that focuses on reviewing customer data and monitoring
transactions: 

Low
 risk factors 
 
 Normal
 risk factors 
 
 High
 risk factors 
 
 Simplified
 Due Diligence at onboarding, with ongoing DD monitoring conducted on a real-time suspicion basis only. 
 
 All
 checks with regards to Peps, Sanctions and adverse media take place and are refreshed every 6 months. 
 
 Transaction
 monitoring on a daily basis 
 
 Wallet
 verification and analysis when we whitelist the wallet 
 
 KYC
 refresh every 12 months for updated KYC for Directors, Shareholders, UBO s 
 
 6 month
 review of client and transactions 
 
 Standard
 Due Diligence at onboarding and then real time transaction checks as well as full customer review every couple of years. 
 
 All
 checks with regards to Peps, Sanctions and adverse media take place and are refreshed every 3 months or every transaction in
 some circumstances. 
 
 Transaction
 monitoring on a daily basis 
 
 Wallet
 verification and analysis every transaction 
 
 KYC
 refresh every 6 months for updated KYC for Directors, Shareholders, UBO s 
 
 6 month
 review of client and transactions 
 
 Enhanced
 Due Diligence at onboarding and then real time transaction checks as well as retrospective transaction checks on a monthly basis.
 A full customer review every 6 months. 
 
 All
 checks with regards to Peps, Sanctions and adverse media take place and are reviewed every transaction that takes place. 
 
 Transaction
 monitoring on a daily basis 
 
 Wallet
 verification and analysis on a regular basis 
 
 KYC
 refresh every 3 months for updated KYC for Directors, Shareholders, UBO s 
 
 Monthly
 review of client and transactions 

Where
Digital RFQ identifies suspicious activity, a designated officer notifies the UK National Crime Agency via a Suspicious Activity Report
(SAR). 

Internal 
 
 External 
 
 Raised
 by employee to the nominated officer 
 
 Suspicious
 activity is irrespective of amount and derives from red flags that have been identified by the employee throughout the course of
 their working life 
 
 An
 official Internal SAR form should be completed 
 
 Nominated
 officer decides to authorise or raise an external SAR 
 
 Raised
 by nominated officer to the National Crime Agency (NCA) 
 
 Can
 contain details identified in internal SAR or from risk assessments 
 
 Must
 wait for approval from NCA to continue 
 
 Details
 of all SARs (internal and external) must be recorded 
 
 Company
 must have documented procedures 

24 

The
client risk rating reflects DigitalRFQ s assessment of the money laundering and terrorist financing risk the client poses and is
determined by a combination of factors including: 

Country
risk Jurisdictions involved with respect to the domicile, operation and control of the client entity and personal links to the
beneficial owners and controllers; 

Sector
risk Links to sectors associated with higher risk corruption or links to sectors that involve significant amounts of cash as
certain businesses are considered to present a higher risk of potential financial crime; 

Entity
risk the legal form of the entity and its level of transparency including ownership and source of wealth; 

Product
or service risk the nature of the client s business and the products or services that the client will require as far as
can be assessed throughout the relationship and the risk classifications that Digital RFQ has attributed to them; 

Reputation
 any adverse media such as allegations or criminality, frozen assets or concerns of beneficial owner/director integrity; and 

PEP
risk all client relationships that have one or more PEPs either as their ultimate beneficial owner or a controller will be classified
as a PEP relationship or may be designated as high risk. 

Sanctions
risk individuals and related organisations may have sanctions imposed. 

The
above factors have a cumulative effect on risk rating; multiple adverse factors will increase the risk rating of the client and must
be referred to compliance for assessment. The client risk rating drives the frequency of periodic reviews. All due diligence is completed
inline with our AML policy and procedures and is documented and stored for five years. 

Digital
RFQ performs an annual risk assessment covering the following risk categories: 

Risk Types 
 
 Assessment factors 
 
 Information sources 
 
 Product Risk 
 
 The inherent financial crime risks presented by the product(s) and services that we are offering being in financial services we are subject to be a target for money laundering or helping to facilitate money laundering. 
 
 UK National Risk Assessment 

Customer Risk 
 
 Separate to the Customer Risk Assessment, this is an integral part of the business wide risk assessment, which considers the customer base that is being targeted and the risks that they will bring due to Peps/sanctions lists and adverse media. 
 
 Financial Actions Task Force (FATF) FCA Thematic Reviews 

Organisational Risk 
 
 The inherent organisational risks in relation to financial crime and convoluted organisational structures in relation to shareholdings and establishing the UBO s. 
 
 National Crime Agency 

Geographical Risk 
 
 The inherent geographical risks our company faces by medium or high risk jurisdictions. This also includes sanctioned countries and those listed on OFAC or FAFT in relation to their risk for money laundering 
 
 The European Commission 

Digital
RFQ follows internal controls that are proportionate to its businesses size and nature and consist of a number of controls including
senior management oversight, training and record keeping. 

25 

Our
compliance and risk management methods might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation,
operating results, and financial condition. We rely on third parties for some of our KYC and other compliance obligations. 

Our
ability to comply with applicable complex and evolving laws, regulations, and rules is largely dependent on the establishment and maintenance
of our compliance, audit, and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management
personnel. While we have devoted significant resources to develop policies and procedures to identify, monitor, and manage our risks,
and expect to continue to do so in the future, we cannot assure that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we
will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed in all market environments or against
all types of risks, including unidentified or unanticipated risks. Our risk management policies and procedures rely on a combination
of technical and human controls and supervision that are subject to error and failure. 

Some
of our methods for managing risk are discretionary by nature and are based on internally developed controls, observed historical market
behavior, and standard industry practices. These methods may not adequately prevent losses, particularly as they relate to extreme market
movements which may be significantly greater than historical fluctuations in the market. Our risk management policies and procedures
also may not adequately prevent losses due to technical errors if our testing and quality control practices are not effective in preventing
failures. In addition, we may elect to adjust our risk management policies and procedures to allow for an increased risk tolerance, which
could expose us 
to the risk of greater losses. 

Regulators
periodically review our compliance with our own policies and procedures and with a variety of laws and regulations. Though we believe
we have robust risk management and compliance procedures, and have received no findings from any applicable regulator of any violations
of applicable laws and regulations, if we fail to comply with these in future, or do not adequately remediate certain findings, regulators
could take a variety of actions that could impair our ability to conduct our business, including delaying, denying, withdrawing, or conditioning
approval of our licenses, or certain products and services. In addition, regulators have broad enforcement powers to censure, fine, issue
cease-and-desist orders or prohibit us from engaging in some of our business activities. In the case of non-compliance or alleged
non-compliance, we could be subject to investigations and proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits, including
by customers, for damages, which can be significant. Any of these outcomes would adversely affect our reputation and brand and our business,
operating results, and financial condition. Some of these outcomes could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 

Furthermore,
we rely on third parties for some of our KYC and other compliance obligations. If these third parties fail to effectively provide these
services, we may be subject to adverse consequences as described above. 

We
rely on connectivity with blockchain networks for our Platforms. 

Our
connectivity with existing blockchain networks, including the Bitcoin, Ethereum, Tron and other stablecoin networks, will enable our
customers to derive the benefit such networks may provide them in facilitating our payment processing services. Providing such connectivity
presents a risk that we may, under derivative theories of liability, be held responsible for the bad acts, failures or violations of
law of the blockchain networks. 

Although
we seek to minimize risks associated with any one blockchain network by electing which network to use for a given transaction and by
determining which network is appropriate for such transaction, based on our assessment of whether such blockchain technology is at an
advanced-stage, is fully tested, well-established and fully collateralized, we may be exposed to risks that affect blockchain networks
generally, or we may not be aware of or be able to identify risks associated with any individual network (for a summary of Digital RFQ s
considerations in assessing which blockchain networks to use in its payment processing business. Each blockchain network has only been
in existence for a limited number of years, and digital assets markets have a limited performance record, making them part of a
new and rapidly evolving industry that is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. For example, the following
are some of the risks could materially adversely affect Digital RFQ s financial performance and results of operations: 

As
a blockchain network continues to develop and grow, certain technical issues might be uncovered and the trouble-shooting and resolution
of such issues requires the attention and efforts of blockchains global development community. Like all software, blockchain networks
are at risk of vulnerabilities and bugs that can potentially be exploited by malicious actors. For example, in 2010, the Bitcoin network
underwent a fork to reverse the effects of a hack in which an unknown attacker took advantage of a software vulnerability in the early
source code of the Bitcoin network to fraudulently mint a large amount of digital assets. 

Different
blockchain networks are subject to material changes in their structure as technology and markets for digital assets evolve, and such
changes may lead to adverse consequences. As an example, the Ethereum network expects to complete, by the end of 2021, a change from
the proof-of-work consensus method to a proof-of-stake consensus method. The consequences of such change
cannot be entirely foreseen, and flaws resulting from that transition could negatively affect the Ethereum network. 

Certain
privacy-preserving features have been or are expected to be introduced to blockchain networks, such as the Ethereum network. This
could damage the public perception of blockchain networks generally or any one blockchain network in particular, and their or its utility
in Digital RFQ s payment processing system. 

26 

Networks
rely on the internet. A significant disruption of internet connectivity (i.e., one that affects large numbers of users or geographic
regions) could disrupt blockchain networks functionality and operations until the disruption in the internet is resolved. 

The
governance of decentralized networks, such as certain blockchain networks, is by voluntary consensus and open competition. In other words,
a typical network has no central decision- making body or clear manner in which participants can come to an agreement other than through
voluntary, widespread consensus. As a result, a lack of widespread consensus in the governance of a network may adversely affect the
network s utility and ability to adapt and face challenges, including technical and scaling challenges. The decentralized governance
of a network may make it difficult to find or implement solutions or marshal sufficient effort to overcome existing or future problems,
especially protracted ones requiring substantial directed effort and resource commitment over a long period of time, such as scaling
challenges. A network s failure to overcome governance challenges could exacerbate problems experienced by the network or cause
the network to fail to meet the needs of its users, and could cause users, miners, and developer talent to abandon the network or lead
to a drop in speculative interest, which could cause the value of a digital currency to decline. 

A
network may use a cryptographic protocol to govern the interactions within it. In the case of Bitcoin, a loose community known as the
 core developers has evolved to informally manage the source code for the protocol. The core developers can propose amendments
to the network s source code that, if accepted by users, could alter the protocols and software of the network. These alterations
would occur through software upgrades, and could potentially include changes to the irreversibility of transactions. Alternatively, software
upgrades and other changes to the protocols of the network could fail to work as intended or could introduce bugs, security risks, or
otherwise adversely affect, the network. Similar dynamics occur in other blockchain networks. 

Networks
that operate based on an open-source protocol are often maintained by the core developers and other contributor. As blockchain network
protocols generally are not sold or made available subject to licensing or subscription fees and their use does not generate revenues
for their development team, the core developers are generally not compensated for maintaining and updating the source code for the network
protocol. Consequently, there is a lack of financial incentive for developers to maintain or develop a blockchain network and the core
developers may lack the resources to adequately address emerging issues with the network protocol. Although blockchain networks are typically
supported by core developers, there can be no guarantee that such support will continue or be sufficient in the future. Alternatively,
some developers may be funded by entities, such as foundations or corporations, whose interests are at odds with other participants in
the network. In addition, a bad actor could also attempt to interfere with the operation of a network by attempting to exercise a malign
influence over a core developer. To the extent that material issues arise with a network protocol and the core developers and open-source contributors
are unable to address the issues adequately or in a timely manner, a blockchain network may be adversely affected. 

Blockchain
technologies are premised on theoretical conjectures as to the impossibility, in practice, of solving certain mathematical problems quickly.
Those conjectures remain unproven, however, and mathematical or technological advances could conceivably prove them to be incorrect.
Blockchain technology may also be negatively affected by cryptography or other technological or mathematical advances, such as the development
of quantum computers with significantly more power than computers presently available, that undermine or vitiate the cryptographic consensus
mechanism underpinning the blockchain and other distributed ledger protocols. If either of these events were to happen, markets and processes
that rely on blockchain technologies, such as Digital RFQ s blockchain-enabled payment processing operations, could be adversely
affected. 

If
we fail to develop, maintain, and enhance our brand and reputation, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely
affected. Moreover, unfavorable media coverage could negatively affect our business. 

Our
brand and reputation are key assets and a competitive advantage. Maintaining, protecting, and enhancing our brand depends largely on
the success of our marketing efforts, ability to provide consistent, high-quality, and secure products, services, features, and support,
and our ability to successfully secure, maintain, and defend our rights to use the Nukkleus , Forexware , XWare ,
 MetaTrader and other related marks and other trademarks important to our brand. We believe that the importance of our brand
will increase as competition further intensifies. Our brand and reputation could be harmed if we fail to achieve these objectives or
if our public image were to be tarnished by negative publicity, unexpected events, or actions by third parties. 

We
receive a high degree of media coverage. Unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, our product changes, product quality, litigation
or regulatory activity, privacy practices, terms of service, employment matters, the use of our products, services, or supported blockchain
technologies for illicit or objectionable ends, the actions of our customers, or the actions of other companies that provide similar
services to ours, has in the past, and could in the future, adversely affect our reputation. 

In
addition, actions by, or unfavorable publicity about, Emil Assentato, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jamal Khurshid, our Chief
Operating Officer, or other officers and managers of Nukkleus and its subsidiaries may adversely impact our brand and reputation. Such
negative publicity also could have an adverse effect on the size and engagement of our customers and could result in decreased revenue,
which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Further may be the target of social-media campaigns
criticizing actual or perceived actions or inactions that are disfavored by our customers, employees, or society at-large, which campaigns
could materially impact our customers decisions to use our products and services. Any such negative publicity could have an adverse
effect on the size, activity, and loyalty of our customers and result in a decrease in net revenue, which could adversely affect our
business, operating results, and financial condition. 

27 

Our
future growth depends significantly on our marketing efforts, and if our marketing efforts are not successful, our business and results
of operations will be harmed. 

We
have dedicated some, and intend to significantly increase, resources to marketing efforts. Our ability to attract and retain customers
depends in large part on the success of these marketing efforts and the success of the marketing channels we use to promote our products.
Our marketing channels include, but are not limited to, social media, traditional media such as the press, online affiliations, search
engine optimization, search engine marketing, and offline partnerships. 

While
our goal remains to increase the strength, recognition and trust in our brand by increasing our customer base and expanding our products
and services, if any of our current marketing channels becomes less effective, if we are unable to continue to use any of these channels,
if the cost of using these channels was to significantly increase or if we are not successful in generating new channels, we may not
be able to attract new customers in a cost-effective manner or increase the use of our products and services. If we are unable to
recover our marketing costs through increases in the size, value or other product selection and utilization, it could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects. 

Concerns
about the environmental impacts of blockchain technology could adversely impact usage and perceptions of Nukkleus, its subsidiaries and
our Platforms. 

The
energy usage and environmental impact of blockchain technology, particularly in relation to proof of work mining, has attracted considerable
recent attention. Government scrutiny related to restrictions on such energy consumption may increase, resulting in additional regulation
that could adversely impact usage of our Platforms and harm our business. The considerable consumption of electricity by mining operators
may also have a negative environmental impact, including contribution to climate change, which could create a negative consumer sentiment
and perception of blockchain technology generally and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could have unpredictable, including adverse, effects on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

The
global spread and unprecedented impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to create significant volatility, uncertainty and economic
disruption. The future effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration,
spread and intensity of the pandemic (including any resurgences), impact of the new COVID-19 variants and the rollout of COVID-19 vaccines,
and the level of social and economic restrictions imposed in the United States and abroad in an effort to curb the spread of the
virus, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. The continued impact of COVID-19 and
the imposition of related public health measures have resulted in, and are expected to continue to result in, increased volatility and
uncertainty in the broader economy. As a result, it is not currently possible to ascertain the overall impact of COVID-19 on our
business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

As
a remote-first company, we are subject to heightened operational and cybersecurity risks. 

As
a remote-first company, we are subject to heightened operational and cybersecurity risks. We are a remote-first company, meaning
that for all existing roles many of our employees work from their homes or other non-company dwellings. For example, technologies
in our employees and service providers homes and shared office spaces may not be as robust and could cause the networks,
information systems, applications, and other tools available to employees and service providers to be more limited or less reliable.
Further, the security systems in place at our employees and service providers homes and shared office spaces may be less
secure than those used in corporate offices, and while we have implemented technical and administrative safeguards to help protect our
systems as our employees and service providers work from home, we may be subject to increased cybersecurity risk which could expose us
to risks of data or financial loss, and could disrupt our business operations. There is no guarantee that the data security and privacy
safeguards we have put in place will be completely effective or that we will not encounter risks associated with employees and service
providers accessing company data and systems remotely. We also face challenges due to the need to operate with a remote workforce and
are addressing so to minimize the impact on our ability to operate. 

Risks
Related to Nukkleus s Platforms 

Our
product offerings are centered on WebTrader, MetaTrader, XWare, Forexware and certain other platforms and product offerings (together,
our Platforms ). The regulatory landscape as it relates to processing payment transactions, including through our Platforms,
continues to evolve. Such evolution may create additional regulatory burden and expense and could materially impact the use and adoption
of our Platforms. 

The
entirety of our product offering is today built on the ability of our customers to transfer funds and otherwise transact using our Platforms.
The blockchain technologies underlying our Platforms represent a relatively new development in the payments and financial services industry.
As such, the regulatory status of the use of our Platforms and other blockchain-enabled transfer processing technologies remains
somewhat uncertain in the United States and other jurisdictions. As regulatory interpretations develop throughout the world, we
may be required to obtain registrations and/or licenses in various jurisdictions that we do not currently hold. We may also be required
to take on new and additional compliance obligations in certain jurisdictions, or we could be directed to cease operations involving
certain Platforms or other Nukkleus or Digital RFQ products or services in one or more jurisdictions. Any of these scenarios could have
a detrimental impact on our business given that our Platforms and such other services are central to our Digital RFQ business, which
comprises a significant portion of our overall business. 

28 

The
regulatory treatment of our Platforms and other blockchain-enabled transfer processing technologies is highly uncertain and has
drawn significant attention from legislative and regulatory bodies around the world. The use of such technologies may implicate a variety
of banking, deposit, money transmission, prepaid access and stored value, anti-money laundering, commodities, securities, sanctions,
and other laws and regulations in the United States and in other jurisdictions. 

Further,
our business model relies on our ability to market and sell the utility of our Platforms to existing and potential customers. Our core
services involve offering fund transfer and payment functionalities to our customers utilizing our Platforms. The use of such services
by our customers, as well as the integration of such technologies into the product offerings that our customers make available to their
end customers, raises numerous regulatory questions. Financial services regulators in the United States or in other jurisdictions
around the world may not agree with our legal positions. In addition, should financial services regulators make changes to or alter interpretations
of applicable laws and regulations as they relate to our Platforms, we may be unable to continue offering our transfer and payment, services
to customers in certain jurisdictions or we may have to alter the services in a manner that may be materially detrimental to our financial
performance. 

The
future development and growth of our Platforms is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to predict and evaluate and may
be in the hands of third parties to a substantial extent. If our Platforms do not grow as we expect, our business, operating results,
and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We
introduced fund transfer and payment processing using blockchain technologies only in 2019, and such technology remains in the early
stages of development while continuing to evolve. The further growth and development of any such technology and the underlying networks
and other cryptographic and algorithmic protocols governing such technology and products represent a new and evolving paradigm that is
subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate, including: 

Any
blockchain-enabled process or product, like our Platforms, rely on third parties, including financial institutions and counterparties,
to hold funds, cash equivalents, and other assets. Those third parties have their own policies and may change their view and acceptance
of any blockchain or stablecoin at any time. This may result in delays and other barriers to payment processing through our Platforms. 

Many
blockchain networks have limited operating histories, have not been validated in production, and are still in the process of developing
and making significant decisions that will affect the underlying blockchain, any of which could adversely affect the blockchain technologies
on which our Platforms rely. 

The
governance of many blockchain networks is by voluntary consensus and open competition, and many developers are not directly compensated
for their contributions. As a result, there may be a lack of consensus or clarity on the governance of any particular blockchain network,
a lack of incentives for developers to maintain or develop the network, and other unforeseen issues, any of which could result in unexpected
or undesirable errors, bugs, or changes, or stymie such network s utility and ability to respond to challenges and grow. 

These
risks are fundamentally beyond our control and could materially and adversely affect our Platforms and our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

Due
to unfamiliarity and some negative publicity associated with blockchain technology, our customer base may lose confidence in products
and services that utilize blockchain technology. 

Products
and services that are based on blockchain technologies are relatively new. Many of our competitors are unlicensed, unregulated, operate
without supervision by any governmental authorities, and do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership
structure, management team, corporate practices, cybersecurity, and regulatory compliance. As a result, customers and the general public
may lose confidence in blockchain technology, including regulated products and services like ours. 

Since
the inception of blockchain technologies, numerous blockchain-enabled businesses and platforms have been sued, investigated, or
shut down due to fraud, illegal activities, the sale or issuance of unregistered securities, manipulative practices, business failure,
and security breaches. In many of these instances, customers of these platforms, products and services were not compensated or made whole
for their losses. We may be a target of hackers and malware and may also be more likely to be targets of regulatory enforcement actions. 

Negative
perception, a lack of stability and standardized regulation, and the closure or temporary shutdown of blockchain-enabled platforms,
including our Platforms, due to fraud, business failure, hackers or malware, or government mandated regulation, and associated losses
suffered by customers may reduce confidence in blockchain technologies and result in greater volatility of the prices of assets, including
significant depreciation in value. Any of these events could have a material and adverse impact on our business. 

Our
Platforms and blockchain-enabled payment processing services are innovative and are difficult to analyze vis- -vis existing financial
services laws and regulations around the world. Our platforms involve certain risks, including reliance on third parties, which could
limit or restrict our ability to offer the product in certain jurisdictions. 

Our
ability to offer our Platforms in jurisdictions around the world is unclear from a regulatory perspective. Further, our Platforms are
dependent on certain partners who will provide liquidity and the regulatory requirements with respect to those partners are uncertain.
Our dependency on the performance of those partners raises risk that turns upon their performance. If our partners fail to perform, both
we and our customers could be subject to losses, and we may be required to cease offering such Platform. 

29 

Risks
Related to Nukkleus s Financial Condition 

There
is no assurance that we will maintain profitability or that our revenue and business models will be successful. 

Our
ability to achieve and maintain profitability is based on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. We may not be able
to generate sufficient revenue to maintain profitability in the short or long-term. Our revenue growth may slow, or our revenue may decline
for a number of other reasons, including reduced demand for our offerings, increased competition, a decrease in the growth or size of
the forex and CFD industry, in the usage of blockchain technologies generally, or any failure to capitalize on growth opportunities. 

We
are continually refining our revenue and business model and have shifted our focus to the development and commercialization of our Platforms.
There is no assurance that these efforts will be successful or that we will generate revenues commensurate with our efforts and expectations
or become or stay profitable. We may be forced to make significant changes to our revenue and business model to compete with our competitors 
offerings, and even if such changes are undertaken, there is no guarantee that they will be successful or profitable. Additionally, we
will need to hire, train, and integrate qualified personnel to meet and further such changes to our business objectives at potentially
significant additional expense. Failure to successfully implement revenue and business models or manage related expenses could cause
us to be unprofitable and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We
may experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. 

We
could experience significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our
control. You should not rely on period-to-period comparisons of our operating results as an indication of our future performance.
Factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly operating results include, but are not limited to, the following: 

a
change in the transaction volume of TCM and our core forex and CFD transactions business generally; 

a
change in the transaction volume of our customers and use of our Platforms; 

planned
and unplanned increases in marketing, sales and other operating expenses that it may incur to grow and expand our customer base and operations,
and to remain competitive; 

the
success, or lack of success, in new marketing approaches we have recently undertaken or plan to undertake, which have not been previously
or fully tested; 

the
continued market acceptance of our Platforms in a highly competitive environment; 

system
disruptions, outages and other performance problems or interruptions on our Platforms, or breaches of data or system security, including
ransomware or other major cyber-attacks, which, if extended or severe, may harm our credibility and reputation in the market; 

our
failure to provide adequate customer service; 

our
ability to successfully, and in a timely manner, continue development, improvement and feature-enhancement of its products and services,
including its intellectual property, data analytics, proprietary technology and customer support functions; 

the
timing and success of new product and service introductions, and new product and service features or enhancements, by Nukkleus and its
subsidiaries, or our competitors, or other changes in the competitive landscape of the markets in which we operate; 

the
success of our expansion into new markets, products and services, or ones in which it is in the early stages; 

changes
in the adoption and use of blockchain technologies and the public perception of them, including changes in perceptions and demands regarding
such technologies as trading vehicles; 

30 

changes
in the legislative or regulatory environment, scope or focus of regulatory investigations and inquiries, or interpretations of regulatory
requirements, or outright prohibition of certain activities; 

disputes
with our customers, adverse litigation and regulatory judgments, enforcement actions, settlements or other related costs and the reputational
impact and public perception of such occurrences, including in emerging industries, or emerging components of industries; 

the
timing and amount of non-cash expenses, such as stock-based compensation and asset impairment; 

fraudulent,
unlawful or otherwise inappropriate customer behavior; 

development
of features or services that may be the subject of regulatory criticism or form the basis for regulatory enforcement action, including
regulatory actions to prohibit certain practices or features; 

the
overall tax rate for our business, which may be affected by new laws affecting the taxation or tax treatment of transactional taxes or
other tax treatment for trading in financial markets generally or for unrealized gains in financial services accounts; 

changes
in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and 

general
economic conditions in either domestic or international markets, including the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our
operating results may fall below the expectations of market analysts and investors in some future periods, which could cause the market
price of our Common Stock to decline substantially. 

Our
financial forecasts, which were presented to Nukkleus s Board and are included in this proxy statement/prospectus, may not prove
to be accurate. 

In
connection with the proposed Merger, Nukkleus s management presented certain forecasted financial information for Nukkleus and
the Combined Company to its Board, which information was internally prepared and provided by us. The forecasts were based on numerous
variables and assumptions known to us at the time of preparation. Such variables and assumptions are inherently uncertain and many are
beyond our control. Important factors that may affect actual results and cause the forecasts to not be achieved include, but are not
limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to our business, industry performance, the competitive environment, changes in technology,
and general business and economic conditions. Various assumptions underlying the forecasts may prove to not have been, or may no longer
be, accurate. The forecasts may not be realized, and actual results may be significantly higher or lower than projected in the forecasts.
The forecasts also reflect assumptions as to certain business strategies or plans that are subject to change. As a result, the inclusion
of such forecasts in this proxy statement/prospectus should not be relied on as guidance or otherwise predictive of actual
future events, and actual results may differ materially from the forecasts. 

Changes
in U.S. and foreign tax laws, as well as the application of such laws, could adversely impact our financial position and operating
results. 

We
are subject to complex income and non-income tax laws and regulations in the United States and a variety of foreign jurisdictions.
Both the United States and foreign jurisdictions may revise corporate income tax and other non-income tax laws which could
impact the amount of tax due in such jurisdiction. 

Our
determination of our corporate income tax liability is subject to review and may be challenged by applicable U.S. and foreign tax
authorities. Any adverse outcome of such challenge could harm our operating results and financial condition. The determination of our
worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and, in the ordinary course of business,
there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is complex and uncertain. Moreover, as a multinational
business, we have subsidiaries that engage in many intercompany transactions in a variety of tax jurisdictions where the ultimate tax
determination is complex and uncertain. Our existing corporate structure and intercompany arrangements have been implemented in a manner
we believe is in compliance with current prevailing tax laws. Furthermore, as we operate in multiple taxing jurisdictions, the application
of tax laws can be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. It is not
uncommon for taxing authorities in different countries to have conflicting views with respect to, among other things, the characterization
and source of income or other tax items, the manner in which the arm s-length standard is applied for transfer pricing purposes,
or with respect to the valuation of intellectual property. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge
our tax treatment of certain items or the methodologies we use for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements, which could
impact our worldwide effective tax rate and harm our financial position and operating results. 

31 

We
are also subject to non-income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, and goods and services taxes
in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. A change in the tax law could impact tax positions which could result in
an increased exposure related to such tax liabilities. Such changes could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial
condition. 

In
addition, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), a corporation that undergoes
an ownership change (as defined under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations) is subject
to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs and certain other tax attributes to offset post-change taxable
income or taxes. 

We
have not performed a study to determine whether our NOLs are currently subject to Section 382 limitations. We may also experience
a future ownership change under Section 382 of the Code that could affect our ability to utilize our NOLs to offset our income. 

If
our estimates or judgment relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our operating results could be adversely
affected. 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Nukkleus Critical Accounting Policies .
The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, and equity, and
the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates and judgments involve the
identification of performance obligations in revenue recognition, evaluation of tax positions, inter-company transactions, and the
valuation of stock-based awards and the fiat reserves we hold, among others. Our operating results may be adversely affected if
our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our operating results to fall
below the expectations of analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the trading price of Nukkleus Common Stock. 

The
nature of our business requires the application of complex financial accounting rules, and there is limited guidance from accounting
standard setting bodies. If financial accounting standards undergo significant changes, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

The
accounting rules and regulations that we must comply with are complex and subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, the SEC, and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles
or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results and may even affect the reporting of transactions
completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. Recent actions and public comments from the FASB and the SEC have focused
on the integrity of financial reporting and internal controls. In addition, many companies accounting policies are being subject
to heightened scrutiny by regulators and the public. 

For
example, on March 31, 2022, the staff of the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 121, or SAB 121, which represents a significant
change regarding how a company safeguarding digital assets held for its platform users reports such digital assets on its balance sheet
and requires retrospective application as of January 1, 2022. Moreover, recent actions and public comments from the FASB and the SEC
have focused on the integrity of financial reporting and internal controls. In addition, many companies accounting policies are
being subjected to heightened scrutiny by regulators and the public. Further, there has been limited precedent for the financial accounting
of digital assets and related valuation and revenue recognition, and no official guidance has been provided by the FASB or the SEC, with
the exception of SAB 121. In May 2022, the FASB added a project to its technical agenda to improve the accounting for and disclosure
of certain digital assets. In October 2022, the FASB decided to require fair value measurement of digital assets that fall within the
scope of this project. While the FASB has begun deliberating on the scope of this project, there has been no formal proposal or guidance
issued related to the project and no timeline has been publicly communicated for the issuance of such guidance. 

At
certain times, the funds of customers of Digital RFQ that we use to make payments on behalf of our customers, remain in the form of digital
assets in our customers wallets at our licensed trust companies awaiting final conversion and/or transfer to the customer s
payment final destination. These indirectly held digital assets, may consist of USDT (Stablecoin), Bitcoin, and Ethereum (collectively, our
customers digital assets ). We engage third parties, which are licensed trust companies, to provide certain custodial services,
including holding our customers digital token identifiers, securing our customers digital assets, and protecting them from
loss or theft, including indemnification against certain types of losses such as theft. Our third-party custodian holds the digital assets
in a custodial account in Digital RFQ s name for the benefit of Digital RFQ s customers. We maintain the internal recordkeeping
of our customers digital assets, including the amount and type of digital asset owned by each of our customers and digital token
identifiers in that custodial account. Given that we currently utilize one third-party custodian, there is concentration risk in the
event the custodian is not able to perform in accordance with our agreement. 

32 

There
remains uncertainty on how companies can account for blockchain transactions, value, and related revenue. Uncertainties in or changes
to regulatory or financial accounting standards could result in the need to change our accounting methods, restate our financial statements
or impair our ability to provide timely and accurate financial information, which could adversely affect our financial statements, result
in a loss of investor confidence, and more generally impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Business
metrics and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and our business, operating results, and financial condition
could be adversely affected by real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics. 

We
regularly review business metrics and other measures to evaluate growth trends, measure our performance, and make strategic decisions.
For example, we measure transaction volumes and concentration. These metrics are calculated using internal company data and have not
been validated by an independent third party. While these numbers are based on what we currently believe to be reasonable estimates for
the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in such measurements. If we fail to maintain an effective analytics
platform, our calculations may be inaccurate, and we may not be able to identify those inaccuracies. 

Our
business metrics may also be impacted by compliance or fraud-related bans, technical incidents, or false or spam accounts in existence
on our platform. Our customers are primarily institutional and, though we believe there is no reason for them to establish multiple accounts
with us unless such accounts serve a different business purpose for them, we permit our customers to hold and access multiple accounts,
which could overstate the number of customers we serve. Though we rely predominantly on transaction volumes to make projections about
our business, such customer metrics may also be used in our models. If our metrics provide us with incorrect or incomplete information
about customers and their behavior, we may make inaccurate conclusions about our business. 

We
are subject to changes in financial reporting standards or policies, including as a result of choices made by us, which could materially
adversely affect our reported results of operations and financial condition and may have a corresponding material adverse impact on capital
ratios. 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which are periodically revised or expanded. Accordingly, from
time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized bodies. It is possible that future accounting
standards and financial reporting standards or policies, including as a result of choices made by us, which we are required to adopt,
could change the current accounting treatment that applies to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have
a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and financial condition, and may have a corresponding material adverse
effect on capital ratios. 

As a public company,
we are required to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, and the fact that we are currently
unable to conclude that our internal controls are effective as of September 30, 2022 or any future failure to maintain the adequacy of
these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our stock. 

We
are required to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting.
During the evaluation and testing process of our internal controls, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting, we will be unable to certify that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. As of September
30, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria
set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, because of the Company s
small size and limited resources, internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of September 30, 2022. Further, we
cannot assure that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting
in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting in addition to that which has been identified in this
report could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. The conclusion that our
internal controls as of September 30, 2022 were not effective, if we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting
are effective in future filings, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant
deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our
financial reports, the market price of our stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the exchange
on which shares of our stock are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also
restrict our future access to the capital markets. 

We
might require additional capital to support business growth, and this capital might not be available or may require stockholder approval
to obtain. 

We
have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity financings, convertible notes, and revenue generated by our products
and services. We intend to continue to make investments in our business to respond to business challenges, including developing new products
and services, enhancing our operating infrastructure, expanding our international operations, and acquiring complementary businesses
and technologies, all of which may require us to secure additional funds. 

Additional
financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we incur additional debt, the debt holders would have rights senior
to holders of Nukkleus s commons stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations. 

33 

We
may be affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates 

We
are potentially exposed to adverse as well as beneficial movements in currency exchange rates. An increase in the value of the dollar
could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the U.S. where we sell in dollars, and a
weakened dollar could increase the cost of local operating expenses from sources outside the United States, and overseas capital
expenditures. We also conduct certain investing and financing activities in local currencies. Therefore, changes in exchange rates could
harm our financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Nukkleus s Employees and Other Service Providers 

In
the event of employee or service provider misconduct or error, our business may be adversely impacted. 

Employee
or service provider misconduct or error could subject us to legal liability, financial losses, and regulatory sanctions, and could seriously
harm our reputation and negatively affect our business. Such misconduct could include engaging in improper or unauthorized transactions
or activities, misappropriation of customer funds, and misappropriation of information, failing to supervise other employees or service
providers, or improperly using confidential information. 

Employee
or service provider errors, including mistakes in executing, recording, or processing transactions for customers, could expose us to
the risk of material losses even if the errors are detected. Although we have implemented processes and procedures and provide trainings
to our employees and service providers to reduce the likelihood of misconduct and error, these efforts may not be successful. Moreover,
the risk of employee or service provider error or misconduct may be even greater for novel products and services, and is compounded by
the fact that many of our employees and service providers are accustomed to working at tech companies which generally do not maintain
the same compliance customs and rules as financial services firms. 

This
can lead to high risk of confusion among employees and service providers, particularly in a fast growth company like ours, with respect
to compliance obligations particularly including confidentiality, data access, trading, and conflicts. It is not always possible to deter
misconduct and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. If we were found not to
have met our regulatory oversight and compliance and other obligations, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions, financial penalties
and restrictions on our activities for failure to properly identify, monitor and respond to potentially problematic activity, which could
seriously damage our reputation. Our employees, contractors, and agents could also commit errors that subject us to financial claims
for negligence, as well as regulatory actions, or result in financial liability. Further, allegations by regulatory or criminal authorities
of improper transactions could affect our brand and reputation. 

The
loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could
adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We
operate in a relatively new industry that is not widely understood and requires highly skilled and technical personnel. We believe that
our future success is highly dependent on the talents and contributions of our senior management team, including Jamal Khurshid, our
Chief Operating Officer, members of our executive leadership team, and other key service providers across finance, compliance, legal,
talent and marketing. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to attract, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and skilled employees and service providers.
The pool of qualified talent is extremely limited, particularly with respect to executive talent, engineering, risk management, and financial
regulatory expertise. We face intense competition for qualified individuals from numerous software and other technology companies. To
attract and retain key personnel, we incur significant costs, including salaries and benefits and equity incentives. Even so, these measures
may not be enough to attract and retain the personnel we require to operate our business effectively. The loss of even a few qualified
employees, or an inability to attract, retain and motivate additional highly skilled employees required for the planned expansion of
our business, could adversely impact our operating results and impair our ability to grow. 

Our
culture emphasizes innovation, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, our business and operating results could be adversely
impacted. 

We
believe that our entrepreneurial and innovative corporate culture has been a key contributor to our success. We encourage and empower
our employees and service providers to develop and launch new and innovative products and services, which we believe is essential to
attracting high quality talent, partners, and developers, as well as serving the best, long-term interests of our company. If we
cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, creativity and teamwork that has been integral to our business,
in which case our products and services may suffer and our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

Our
officers, directors, employees, and large stockholders may encounter potential conflicts of interests with respect to their positions
or interests in certain entities, and other initiatives, which could adversely affect our business and reputation. 

We
frequently engage with a wide variety of foreign exchange, CFD, payment processing and blockchain industry participants, as well as startups
and growth companies. These transactions could create potential conflicts of interests in management decisions that we make. For instance,
certain of our officers, directors, and employees are active investors in other growth companies themselves, and may make investment
decisions that favor projects that they have personally invested in. Many of our large stockholders also make investments in such businesses.
For more information, see the section titled Certain Relationships and Related Transactions . Our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, Emil Assentato, and our Chief Operating Officer, Jamal Khurshid, are involved in a number of initiatives related to such businesses
and more broadly, which could divert their time and attention from overseeing our business operations and have a negative impact on our
business. 

34 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation 

We
are subject to various laws and regulations, and any adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations could
adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Our
business is subject to laws, rules, regulations, policies, orders, determinations, directives, treaties, and legal and regulatory interpretations
and guidance in the markets in which we operate, which may include those governing financial services and banking, securities, broker-dealers,
cross-border and domestic money transmission, foreign currency exchange, CFD exchange, blockchain technologies, privacy, data governance,
data protection, cybersecurity, fraud detection, payment services, escheatment, antitrust and competition, bankruptcy, tax, anti-bribery,
economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering, and counter-terrorist financing. 

The
key elements of the regulatory framework that impact us include, but are not limited to, the following U.K. legislation: 

The
European Union 5 th and 6 th Money Laundering Directives, 

The
Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer), Regulation 2017, 

Proceeds
of Crime Act 2002, 

Terrorism
Act 2000, 

Counter
Terrorism Act 2008, 

Fraud
Act 2006, and 

Bribery
Act 2010. 

These
legal and regulatory regimes, including the laws, rules, and regulations thereunder, evolve frequently and may be modified, interpreted,
and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another. For a discussion of our risk
management framework and more detailed descriptions of the legislation and regulations applicable to Digital RFQ s business. 

We
are currently regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority. We plan to expand our operations to other countries
in future, including Dubai and Lithuania, in which case we would be subject to regulation in those jurisdictions. From our UK operations,
we currently offer cross-border payment processing services, in numerous countries in Europe, Dubai, Sub-Saharan Africa and
Asia. We offer payment processing services using blockchain technologies in the United Kingdom, the United States and Sub-Saharan Africa,
and intend to develop such products and services across other regions. As a business, we do not differentiate between cross-border and
domestic payment processing, so generally offer cross-border services in the countries in which we operate. While we believe our
risk management and compliance frameworks are sufficient to ensure we remain in material compliance with the applicable laws, and regulations
of the jurisdictions in which we operate, to the extent we do not comply with such laws, rules, and regulations, we could be subject
to fines, revocation of licenses, limitations on our products and services, reputational harm, and other regulatory consequences, each
of which may be significant and could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

In
addition to existing laws and regulations, various governmental and regulatory bodies, including legislative and executive bodies in
the United States, United Kingdom and in other countries, may adopt new laws and regulations, or new interpretations of existing
laws and regulations may be issued by such bodies or the judiciary, which may adversely impact the development of blockchain as a whole
and our legal and regulatory status in particular by changing how we operate our business, how our products and services are regulated,
and what products or services we and our competitors can offer, requiring changes to our compliance and risk mitigation measures, imposing
new licensing requirements, or imposing a total ban on transactions using blockchain technologies. 

Legislative
and regulatory actions taken now or in the future may increase our costs and impact our business, governance structure, financial condition
or results of operations. 

Federal,
state and international regulatory agencies frequently adopt changes to their regulations or change the way existing regulations are
applied. Regulatory or legislative changes to laws applicable to the financial industry, if enacted or adopted, may impact the profitability
of our business activities, require more oversight or change certain of our business practices, including the ability to offer new products
and to continue offering our current products, and could expose us to additional costs, including increased compliance costs. These changes
also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes to operations to comply and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Various
U.S. federal, state, and local and foreign governmental organizations and public advocacy groups have been examining the operations
of businesses using blockchain technologies and networks, and the safety and soundness of platforms and other service providers that
hold use such networks and technologies on behalf of users. Many of these entities have called for heightened regulatory oversight and
have issued advisories describing the risks posed by blockchain technologies to users and investors. Use of blockchain technologies is
novel and there is limited access to policymakers and lobbying organizations in many jurisdictions. Competitors from other, more established
industries, including traditional financial services, may have greater access to lobbyists or governmental officials, and regulators
that are concerned about the potential for stablecoins for illicit usage may affect statutory and regulatory changes. As a result, new
laws and regulations may be proposed and adopted in the United States and internationally, or existing laws and regulations may
be interpreted in new ways that harm the stablecoin and blockchain industry, which could adversely impact our business. 

35 

The
regulatory environment to which we are subject gives rise to various licensing requirements, legal and financial compliance costs and
management time, and non-compliance could result in monetary and reputational damages, all of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our existing, or obtain additional, required regulatory licenses, certifications
and regulatory approvals in the countries where we provide services or want to expand to. Furthermore, where we have obtained such regulatory
licenses, certifications and regulatory approvals, there are costs and potential product changes involved in maintaining such regulatory
licenses, certifications, and approvals, and we could be subject to fines or other enforcement action if we are found to violate disclosure,
reporting, anti-money laundering, capitalization, corporate governance or other requirements of such licenses. These factors could
impose substantial additional costs and involve considerable delay to the development or provision of our products or services, or could
require significant and costly operational changes or prevent us from providing any products or services in a given market. 

These
laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity or unclear application
to the business of non-traditional financial services. As a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance
is provided by supervisory authorities and the interpretation of requirements by supervisory authorities and courts may be further clarified
over time. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory bodies
or supervisory authorities due to ambiguities related to their interpretation, application and practice, supervisory authorities may
initiate legal and regulatory proceedings against us and our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flow could be materially and adversely affected. 

In
certain countries, it may not be clear whether we are required to be licensed as a money transmitter, payment services provider, bank,
financial institution, custodian, broker-dealer, exchange, or otherwise. Local regulators may use their power to slow or halt payments
or otherwise prohibit us from doing business in a country. We and our local businesses do not only need to comply with the local laws
and regulations, but also with certain laws and regulations with worldwide application. Further, because our services are accessible
worldwide, one or more jurisdictions may claim that we or our customers or partners are required to comply with their laws. Laws regulating
the internet, mobile and related technologies outside the United States may impose different, more specific, or even conflicting
obligations on us, as well as broader liability. 

If
we are unable to commit sufficient resources to regulatory compliance, this could lead to delays and errors and may force us to choose
between prioritizing compliance matters over administrative support for business activities, or may ultimately force us to cease offering
certain products or services globally or in certain jurisdictions. Any delays or errors in implementing regulatory compliance could lead
to substantial monetary damages and fines, public reprimands, a material adverse effect on our reputation, regulatory measures in the
form of cease and desists orders, increased regulatory compliance requirements or other potential regulatory restrictions on our business,
enforced suspension of operations and in extreme cases, withdrawal of regulatory licenses or authorizations to operate particular businesses,
or criminal prosecution in certain circumstances. 

In
addition to non-compliance by us ourselves, we may in the future suffer negative consequences of non-compliance by third parties
that use our payments and transfer infrastructure. We may also suffer negative consequences of customers operating businesses or schemes
in violation of applicable rules and regulations whose activities we could be held responsible for monitoring and, where applicable,
to denounce, interrupt or terminate the extension of services to such customers. We may be required to incur greater expenditures and
devote additional resources and management time to addressing these liabilities and requirements, which could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

The
financial services industry is subject to intensive regulation. Major changes in laws and regulations, as well as enforcement actions,
could adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and prospects. 

In
pursuit of a broad reform and restructuring of financial services regulation, national and supra-national legislatures and supervisory
authorities, predominantly in the United States and Europe but also elsewhere, continue to introduce and implement a wide range
of proposals that could result in major changes to the way our global operations are regulated and could have adverse consequences for
our business, business model, financial position, results of operations, reputation and prospects. These changes could materially impact
the profitability of our businesses or the value of our assets, require changes to business practices or force us to discontinue businesses
and expose us to additional costs, taxes, liabilities, enforcement actions and reputational risk and are likely to have a material impact
on us. 

The
timing and full impact of new laws and regulations cannot be determined and are beyond our control. The introduction of these and other
new rules and requirements could significantly impact the manner in which we operate, particularly in situations where regulatory legislation
can interfere with or even set aside national private law. New requirements may adversely affect our business, capital and risk
management strategies and may result in us deciding to modify our legal entity structure, capital and funding structures and business
mix or exit certain business activities altogether, or determine not to expand in certain business areas despite their otherwise attractive
potential. 

The
large number of legislative initiatives, in particular with respect to the financial services industry, requires constant attention from
our senior management and consumes significant levels of resources to identify and analyze the implications of these initiatives. We
may have to adapt our strategy, operations and businesses, including policies, procedures and documentation, to comply with these new
legal requirements. Based on the volume of existing initiatives, it cannot be excluded that certain new requirements will not be implemented
in a timely fashion or implemented without errors, or in a manner satisfactory to the applicable supervisory authority, resulting in
non-compliance and possible associated negative consequences such as administrative fine or public reprimands. Additionally, we
may be forced to cease to serve certain types of customers or cease to offer certain services or products as a result of new requirements.
Any of the other above factors, events or developments may materially adversely affect our businesses, financial position and results
of operations and prospects. 

36 

We
are subject to laws, regulations, and executive orders regarding economic and trade sanctions, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and
counter-terror financing that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to criminal or civil liability
if we violate them. As we continue to expand and localize our international activities, our obligations to comply with the laws, rules,
regulations, and policies of a variety of jurisdictions will increase and we may be subject to investigations and enforcement actions
by U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and governmental authorities. 

As
we expand and localize our international activities, we have and will become increasingly obligated to comply with the laws, rules, regulations,
policies, and legal interpretations both of the jurisdictions in which we operate and those into which we offer services on a cross-border basis.
Laws regulating financial services, the internet, mobile technologies, blockchain technologies, and related technologies outside the
United States often impose different, more specific, or even conflicting obligations on us, as well as broader liability. 

We
are subject to various anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations around the world that prohibit,
among other things, our involvement in transferring the proceeds of criminal activities. In the United States, most of our services
are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA
PATRIOT Act of 2001, and its implementing regulations (collectively, the BSA and other similar laws and regulations.
The BSA, among other things, requires money transmitters to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs,
to report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and, in some cases, to collect and maintain information about customers who
use their services and maintain other transaction records. Regulators in the United States and globally continue to increase their
scrutiny of compliance with these obligations, which may require us to further revise or expand our compliance program including the
procedures we use to verify the identity of our customers and to monitor transactions on our system, including payments to persons outside
of the United States. Regulators regularly re-examine the transaction volume thresholds at which we must obtain and keep applicable
records or verify identities of customers, and any change in such thresholds could result in greater costs for compliance. We could be
subject to potentially significant fines, penalties, inquiries, audits, investigations, enforcement actions, and criminal and civil liability
if regulators or third-party auditors identify gaps in our anti-money laundering program and such gaps are not sufficiently
remediated, or if our anti-money laundering program is found to violate the BSA by a regulator. 

Despite
our efforts to comply with the applicable laws, rules, and regulations, there can be no guarantee that these measures will be viewed
as compliant. If we were to be found to have violated sanctions, or become involved in government investigations, that could result in
negative consequences for us, including costs related to government investigations, financial penalties, and harm to our reputation.
The impact on us related to these matters could be substantial. Although we have implemented controls and screening tools designed to
prevent similar activity, there is no guarantee that we will not inadvertently provide our products and services to individuals, entities,
or governments prohibited by U.S. sanctions or those of another jurisdiction to whose laws and regulations we may be subject. 

Regulators
worldwide frequently study each other s approaches to the regulation of any novel or developing industry, including those using
blockchain-enabled technologies. Consequently, developments in any jurisdiction may influence other jurisdictions. New developments
in one jurisdiction may be extended to additional services and other jurisdictions. The European Commission, for example, has proposed
revisions to the Anti-Money Laundering Directives, which could make compliance more costly and operationally difficult to manage.
As a result, the risks created by any new law or regulation in one jurisdiction are magnified by the potential that they may be replicated,
affecting our business in another place or involving another service. Conversely, if regulations diverge worldwide, we may face difficulty
adjusting our products, services, and other aspects of our business with the same effect. These risks are heightened as we face increased
competitive pressure from other similarly situated businesses that engage in regulatory arbitrage to avoid the compliance costs associated
with regulatory changes. 

We
may operate our business in foreign countries where companies often engage in business practices that are prohibited by regulations applicable
to us. We are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the FCPA and other laws that prohibit the making or offering
of improper payments to foreign government officials and political figures. We have implemented policies, procedures, systems, and controls
designed to identify and address potentially impermissible transactions under such laws and regulations; however, there can be no assurance
that all of our employees, consultants and agents, including those that may be based in or from countries where practices that violate
U.S. or other laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies, for which we may be ultimately responsible. 

Our
consolidated balance sheets may not contain sufficient amounts or types of regulatory capital to meet the changing requirements of our
various regulators worldwide, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Effective
management of our capital and liquidity is critical to our ability to operate our businesses, to grow organically and to pursue our strategy.
As a regulated and licensed entity in various jurisdictions, we may be required to possess sufficient financial soundness and strength
to adequately support our regulated affiliate entities. The maintenance of adequate capital and liquidity is also necessary for our financial
flexibility in the face of turbulence and uncertainty in the global economy. We may from time to time incur indebtedness and other obligations
which could make it more difficult to meet applicable regulatory requirements. 

37 

In
addition, although we are not a bank holding company for purposes of United States law or the law of any other jurisdiction, as
a global provider of financial services and in light of the changing regulatory environment in various jurisdictions, we could become
subject to new capital requirements introduced or imposed by U.S. federal, state or international regulators. The changes to applicable
current or future capital and liquidity requirements may require us to raise additional regulatory capital or hold additional liquidity
buffers, for example because of different interpretations of or methods for calculating risk exposure amounts or liquidity outflows or
inflows, or because we do not comply with ratios and levels, or instruments and collateral requirements that currently qualify as capital
or capital risk mitigating techniques no longer do so in the future because of changes to the requirements or interpretations thereof.
Any change or increase in these regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial
condition. 

If
we are unable to raise the requisite regulatory capital, we may be required to reduce the amount of our risk exposure amount or business
levels, restrict certain activities or engage in the disposition of core and other non-core businesses, which may not occur on a
timely basis or at prices which would otherwise be attractive to us, and such inability to raise sufficient regulatory capital could
have an adverse effect on the market s trust in respect of the long-term viability of our products and services, which could,
for example, result in customers transferring to use our competitors platforms for financial transfer and payment infrastructure.
As a result of stricter liquidity requirements or higher liquidity buffers, we may be required to optimize our funding composition which
may result in higher funding costs for us, and in having to maintain buffers of liquid assets which may result in lower returns than
less liquid assets. Furthermore, if we are unable to adequately manage our liquidity position, this may prevent us from meeting our short-term financial
obligations. It is possible we may experience errors in currency handling, accounting, and regulatory reporting that leads us to be out
of compliance with those requirements. 

The
above changes and any other changes that limit our ability to manage effectively our balance sheet, liquidity position and capital resources
going forward, or to access funding sources, could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, regulatory capital position
and liquidity provision. 

We
obtain and process a large amount of sensitive customer data. Any real or perceived improper use of, disclosure of, or access to such
data could harm our reputation, as well as have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our
operations involve the storage and/or transmission of sensitive information, including highly personal data of our customers. Consequently,
we are subject to complex and evolving UK, European, and other jurisdictions laws, rules, regulations, orders and directives (referred
to as privacy laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security, processing and transfer (referred to as process of personally identifiable information (referred to as personal data in the countries where we operate. Much of the personal
data that we process, especially financial information, is regulated by multiple privacy laws and, in some cases, the privacy laws of
multiple jurisdictions. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information
between or among us and our subsidiaries. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our privacy policies or with any applicable
privacy laws in one or more jurisdictions could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, including
class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions, significant fines, penalties, judgments and reputational damages to us, requiring
us to change our business practices, increasing the costs and complexity of compliance, any of which could materially and adversely affect
its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Data
protection, privacy and information security have become the subject of increasing public, media and legislative concern. If our customers
were to reduce their use of our products and services as a result of these concerns, our business could be materially harmed. In addition,
we are also subject to the possibility of security breaches, which themselves may result in a violation of these privacy laws. Any failure
of us or our partners or others who use our services to adequately protect sensitive data could have a material and adverse effect on
its reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, and industry requirements related to data privacy, data protection and information
security across different markets where we conduct our business, including in the EEA, such laws, regulations, and industry requirements
are constantly evolving and changing. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws, regulations, and industry requirements,
or our privacy policies/notices could harm our business by impairing customer trust and could subject us to fines and reputational harm. 

Various
local, state, federal, and international laws, directives, and regulations apply to our collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure,
transfer, and any other processing of personal data. There is uncertainty and inconsistency in how these data protection and privacy
laws and regulations are interpreted and applied, and they continue to evolve in ways that could adversely impact our business. These
laws have a substantial impact on our operations directly as a data controller/business and as a data processor/service provider and
handler for various offshore entities. 

In
the United States, state and federal lawmakers and regulatory authorities have increased their attention on the collection and use
of consumer data. While our current product offering does not target retail consumers, some of our prior products have been offered to
retail consumers. In the United States, non-sensitive consumer data generally may be used under current rules and regulations,
subject to certain restrictions, so long as the consumer does not affirmatively opt out of the collection or use of such
data. If an opt-in model or additional required opt-outs were to be adopted in the United States, less
data could be available, and the cost of data would be higher. 

38 

California
has enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act, or the CCPA, along with related regulations, in 2020 and the California Privacy Rights
Act, or the CPRA, which has been passed and will become effective on January 1, 2023. The CCPA gives California residents new rights
to access and request deletion of their personal data, opt out of the sale of personal data, and receive detailed information about how
their personal data is processed. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data
breaches that involving the loss of personal data. This private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated
with, data breach litigation. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA, including by expanding consumers rights with respect to
certain personal data and creating a new state agency to oversee implementation and enforcement efforts. While the CCPA currently has
exemptions for business-to-business and human resources data, these exemptions are set to expire on January 1, 2023. It is
unclear if they will be extended. The CCPA and CPRA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability, particularly in the event
of a data breach, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, including how we use personal data, our financial condition,
and our operating results. 

Additionally,
the CCPA has prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state-level privacy legislation, such as in Nevada, Virginia, Colorado,
and others. Virginia s legislation, the Consumer Data Protection Act, or CDPA, passed and becomes effective January 1, 2023.
On June 8, 2021, the state of Colorado passed its bill, which is pending signature by the state governor. As of June 11, 2021,
five states have proposed legislation under consideration in the local legislatures. As each new state law is passed, it could add increasing
complexity to and significantly expand the scope of our compliance efforts, impact our business strategies, increase our potential liability,
increase our compliance costs, and adversely affect our business. 

As
a result of our presence in Europe and our service offering in the European Union, we are subject to the European General Data Protection
Regulation, which imposes stringent EU data protection requirements, and could increase the risk of non-compliance and the costs
of providing our products and services in a compliant manner. A breach of the GDPR could result in regulatory investigations, reputational
damage, fines and sanctions, orders to cease or change our processing of our data, enforcement notices, or assessment notices (for a
compulsory audit). We may also face civil claims including representative actions and other class action type litigation (where individuals
have suffered harm), potentially amounting to significant compensation or damages liabilities, as well as associated costs, diversion
of internal resources, and reputational harm. 

Additionally,
the UK Data Protection Act contains provisions, including its own derogations, for how GDPR is applied in the UK. We have to continue
to comply with the GDPR and also the Data Protection Act, with each regime having the ability to fine up to the greater of 20 million 17 million) or 4 of annual global turnover. The relationship between the UK and the EU remains uncertain, for example how
data transfers between the UK and the EU and other jurisdictions will be treated and the role of the UK s supervisory authority.
On June 28, 2021, the European Commission issued the UK with an adequacy decision to facilitate the continued free
flow of personal data from EU member states to the UK. However, this adequacy decision has a limited duration of four years
in case there is a future divergence between EU and UK data protection laws. In the event that the UK maintains an equivalent standard.at
the end of the four year period, it is open to the European Commission to renew its finding. In the event that the adequacy decisions
is not renewed after this time, the adjustments required to facilitate data transfers from EU member states to the UK will lead to additional
costs as we try to ensure compliance with new privacy legislation and will increase our overall risk exposure. 

In
addition, the GDPR imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU to a third country , including the
United Kingdom or the United States. These obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one
jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other requirements or our practices. On July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the
European Union invalidated the European Union-United States Privacy Shield (under which personal data could be transferred
from the EU to U.S. entities that had self-certified under the Privacy Shield scheme) on the grounds that the Privacy Shield
failed to offer adequate protections to EU personal data transferred to the United States. In addition, while the ECJ upheld the
adequacy of the standard contractual clauses (a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal
data transfer mechanism, and potential alternative to the Privacy Shield), it made clear that reliance on them alone may not necessarily
be sufficient in all circumstances. 

Use
of the standard contractual clauses must now be assessed on a case by case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the
destination country, in particular applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals. The use of standard contractual clauses for
the transfer of personal data specifically to the United States remains under review by a number of European data protection supervisory
authorities, along with those of some other E.U. member states. 

German
and Irish supervisory authorities have indicated, and enforced in recent rulings, that the standard contractual clauses alone provide
inadequate protection for E.U.-U.S. data transfers. As supervisory authorities continue to issue further guidance on personal data,
we could suffer additional costs, complaints, or regulatory investigations or fines, and if we are otherwise unable to transfer personal
data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services, the geographical
location or segregation of our relevant systems and operations, and could adversely affect our financial results. 

We
are also subject to evolving EU privacy laws on cookies and e-marketing. In the European Union, regulators are increasingly focusing
on compliance with requirements in the online behavioral advertising ecosystem, and an EU regulation known as the ePrivacy Regulation
will significantly increase fines for non-compliance once in effect. In the European Union informed consent, including a prohibition
on pre-checked consents and a requirement to ensure separate consents for each cookie, is required for the placement of a cookie
or similar technologies on a user s device and for direct electronic marketing. As regulators start to enforce the strict approach
in recent guidance, this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing
activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, negatively impact our efforts to understand customers, adversely affect
our margins, increase costs, and subject us to additional liabilities. 

39 

As
these and other laws and regulations may continue to evolve and be enacted, or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations apply,
it may require us to modify our data-processing practices, agreements and policies and to incur substantial costs in order to comply
with this evolving regulatory landscape. Restrictions on the collection, use, sharing or disclosure of personal information or additional
requirements and liability for security and data integrity could require us to materially modify our solutions and features, could limit
our ability to develop new services and features and could subject us to increased compliance obligations and regulatory scrutiny. We
use a variety of technical and organizational security measures and other measures to protect the data we process, in particular personal
data pertaining to our customers, employees and business partners. Despite measures we put in place, we may be unable to anticipate or
prevent unauthorized access to such personal data. 

There
is a risk that as we expand, we may assume liabilities for breaches experienced by the companies we acquire. Despite our efforts to comply
with applicable laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security, it is possible
that our practices or technology could fail, or be alleged to fail to meet applicable requirements. For instance, the overall regulatory
framework governing the application of privacy laws to blockchain technology is still highly undeveloped and likely to evolve. Despite
our efforts to choose vendors that meet applicable laws, regulations and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and
information security and maintain robust security controls, it is possible that a vendor could fail to comply or experience a data breach
impacting our data and our business. Our failure, or the failure by our third-party providers or partners, to comply with applicable
laws or regulations and to prevent unauthorized access to, or use or release of personal data, or the perception that any of the foregoing
types of failure has occurred, could damage our reputation or result in fines or proceedings by governmental agencies and private claims
and litigation, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We
are and may continue to be subject to litigation, including individual and class action lawsuits, as well as regulatory audits, disputes,
inquiries, investigations and enforcement actions by regulators and governmental authorities. 

We
have been and may from time to time become subject to material claims, arbitrations, individual and class action lawsuits, government
and regulatory investigations, inquiries, actions or requests and other proceedings alleging violations of laws, rules, and regulations,
both foreign and domestic, involving competition and antitrust law, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, information security,
anti-money laundering, counter terrorist financing, sanctions, anti-corruption, accessibility claims, securities, tax, labor and
employment, payment network rules, commercial disputes, services, and other matters. 

The
laws, rules and regulations affecting our business, including those pertaining to blockchain technologies, payment processing and financial
transaction services, and other financial services, are subject to ongoing interpretation by the courts and governmental and supervisory
authorities, and the resulting uncertainty in the scope and application of these laws, rules and regulations increases the risk that
we will be subject to private claims, governmental and regulatory actions alleging violations of those laws, rules, and regulations. 

The
scope, determination, and impact of claims, lawsuits, government and regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, disputes, and proceedings
to which we are subject cannot be predicted with certainty, and may result in: 

substantial
payments to satisfy judgments, fines, or penalties; 

substantial
outside counsel legal fees and costs; 

additional
compliance and licensure requirements; 

loss
or non-renewal of existing licenses or authorizations, or prohibition from or delays in obtaining additional licenses or authorizations,
required for our business; 

loss
of productivity and high demands on employee time; 

civil
or criminal sanctions or consent decrees; 

termination
of certain employees, including members of our executive team; 

barring
of certain employees from participating in our business in whole or in part; 

orders
that restrict our business or prevent us from offering certain products or services; 

changes
to our business model and practices; 

delays
to planned transactions, product launches or improvements; and 

damage
to our brand and reputation. 

Any
such matters can have an adverse impact, which may be material, on our business, operating results, or financial condition because of
legal costs, diversion of management resources, reputational damage, and other factors. 

40 

Risks
Related to Nukkleus s Intellectual Property 

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could adversely impact our business, operating results,
and financial condition. 

Our
business depends in large part on our proprietary technology and our brand. We rely on, and expect to continue to rely on, a combination
of trademark, trade dress, domain name, copyright, and trade secret and laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with
our employees, contractors, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, to establish and protect our brand and other
intellectual property rights. As of April 7, 2023, we held four registered trademarks in the United States, including Forexware ,
 XW , Total Broker Solution and Swordfish , and also held one registered trademark in various
foreign jurisdictions. 

Our
efforts to protect our intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or effective. Our proprietary technology and trade secrets
could be lost through misappropriation or breach of our confidentiality and license agreements, and any of our intellectual property
rights may be challenged, which could result in them being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. There can be no assurance
that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient to protect against others offering products, services, or technologies that
are substantially similar to ours and that compete with our business. 

As
we have grown, we have sought to obtain and protect our intellectual property rights in an increasing number of countries, a process
that can be expensive and may not always be successful. For example, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and various foreign governmental
intellectual property agencies require compliance with a number of procedural requirements to complete the trademark application process
and to maintain issued trademarks, and noncompliance or non-payment could result in abandonment or lapse of a trademark or trademark
application, resulting in partial or complete loss of trademark rights in a relevant jurisdiction. Further, intellectual property protection
may not be available to us in every country in which our products and services are available. We may also agree to license our intellectual
property to third parties as part of various agreements. Those licenses may diminish our ability, though, to counter-assert our
intellectual property rights against certain parties that may bring claims against us. 

In
the future we may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. 

In
recent years, there has been considerable patent, copyright, trademark, domain name, trade secret and other intellectual property
development activity, as well as litigation, based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property, including
by large financial institutions. Furthermore, individuals and groups can purchase patents and other intellectual property assets for
the purpose of making claims of infringement to extract settlements from companies like ours. Our use of third-party intellectual
property rights also may be subject to claims of infringement or misappropriation. 

We
cannot guarantee that our internally developed or acquired technologies and content do not or will not infringe the intellectual property
rights of others. From time to time, our competitors or other third parties may claim that we are infringing upon or misappropriating
their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon such rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to
incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty
payments, prevent us from offering our products or services or using certain technologies, force us to implement expensive work-arounds,
or impose other unfavorable terms. Our exposure to damages resulting from infringement claims could increase and this could further exhaust
our financial and management resources. Further, during the course of any litigation, we may make announcements regarding the results
of hearings and motions, and other interim developments. If securities analysts and investors regard these announcements as negative,
the market price of Nukkleus Common Stock may decline. Even if intellectual property claims do not result in litigation or are resolved
in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and require
significant expenditures. Any of the foregoing could prevent us from competing effectively and could have an adverse effect on our business,
operating results, and financial condition. 

Our
and our ecosystem partners products and services, including the blockchain technologies on which our Platforms are built, contain
third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses
could harm our business. 

Our
products and services contains software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses.
Also, the blockchain technologies on which our Platforms are built rely on open source licenses to operate. We also make certain of our
own software available to customers for free under various open source licenses. Use and distribution of open source software may entail
greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties,
indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability
of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our products and services. 

Some
open-source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based
upon the type of open source software we use, or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. If we combine our proprietary software
with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of
our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and
time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the public release of the affected
portions of our source code, we could be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software. 

41 

Although
we monitor our use of open-source software to avoid subjecting our products and services to conditions we do not intend, we have
not recently conducted an extensive audit of our use of open source software and, as a result, we cannot assure you that our processes
for controlling our use of open source software in our products and services are, or will be, effective. If we are held to have breached
or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, we could face litigation or infringement
or other liability, or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our offerings on terms that are not
economically feasible, to re-engineer our products or services, to discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings if re-engineering could
not be accomplished on a timely basis or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely
affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Moreover,
the terms of many open-source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts. As a result, there is a risk that
these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute
our products and services. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies
that incorporate open source software into their solutions. As a result, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership
of what we believe to be open-source software. 

General
Risk Factors 

The
SEC has adopted amendments to Rule 15c2-11 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which could adversely affect our common stock. 

Rule
15c2-11 (the Rule became effective on September 28, 2021 and will have an impact on the over-the-counter OTC market regulatory structure. The amended Rule is ostensibly to enhance disclosure and investor protection in the OTC market by ensuring
that broker-dealers in the OTC market do not publish quotations for an issuer s security when current issuer information is not publicly
available. Therefore, under the new Amendments to Rule 15c2-11, now, all OTC quoted companies must file at least current annual financial
statements or companies will not be publicly quoted on the OTC Markets and risk being downgraded to the Expert Market. Our Company is
currently listed on the OTC markets Pink Limited Information Tier. Currently, we have not filed all of our annual
and quarterly reports which are required to be filed by us with the SEC. We are striving to achieve this goal. Even so, it is possible
that our common stock may be downgraded to the Expert Market, if it determined that we failed to file our appropriate annual and quarterly
reports in a timely manner as required by the SEC. As of the date hereof, the Company has filed its annual report on Form 10K for the
year ended September 30, 2022 late and is presently required to file its quarterly report on Form 10Q for the quarter ended December
31, 2022, which is currently late. If it is determined that we did not comply with these new requirements, it is highly likely that it
may make it more difficult for investors in our stock to resell their shares to third parties or to alternatively dispose of them in
the open market or otherwise. 

Adverse
economic conditions may adversely affect our business. 

Our
performance is subject to general economic conditions, and their impact on the foreign exchange transfer and payments markets, as well
as our customers. The United States and other key European and other international economies have experienced cyclical downturns
from time to time in which economic activity declined resulting in lower consumption rates, restricted credit, reduced profitability,
weaknesses in financial markets, bankruptcies, and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. The impact of general economic conditions
on our business is highly uncertain and dependent on a variety of factors, including market activity, global trends in the blockchain
economy, central bank monetary policies, and other events beyond our control. Geopolitical developments, such as trade wars and foreign
exchange limitations can also increase the severity and levels of unpredictability globally and increase the volatility of global financial
markets. To the extent that conditions in the general economic and digital asset markets materially deteriorate, our ability to attract
and retain customers may suffer. 

We
may be adversely affected by natural disasters, pandemics, and other catastrophic events, and by man-made problems such as war or terrorism,
that could disrupt our business operations, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from
a serious disaster. 

Natural
disasters or other catastrophic events may also cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global
economy, and could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our business operations are subject
to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, and other events beyond our control. 

In
addition, our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, which could
harm our business and cause our operating results to suffer. For example, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and/or the
precautionary measures that we have adopted have resulted, and could continue to result, in difficulties or changes to our customer support,
or create operational or other challenges, any of which could adversely impact our business and operating results. 

Further,
war, acts of terrorism, labor activism and other geopolitical unrest could cause disruptions in our business or the businesses of our
partners or the economy as a whole. In the event of a natural disaster, including a major earthquake, blizzard, or hurricane, or a catastrophic
event such as a fire, power loss, or telecommunications failure, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions,
reputational harm, delays in development of our products and services, lengthy interruptions in service, breaches of data security, and
loss of critical data, all of which could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. 

42 

Acquisitions,
joint ventures or other strategic transactions create certain risks and may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results
of operations. 

Acquisitions,
partnerships and joint ventures are part of our growth strategy. We evaluate and expect in the future to evaluate potential strategic
acquisitions of, and partnerships or joint ventures with, complementary businesses, services or technologies. We may not be successful
in identifying acquisition, partnership and joint venture targets. In addition, we may not be able to successfully finance or integrate
any businesses, services or technologies that we acquire or with which we form a partnership or joint venture. 

We
may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or complete acquisitions in the future, which could adversely affect our
future growth; or businesses that we acquire may not perform as well as expected or may be more difficult or expensive to integrate and
manage than expected, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, the process of integrating these
acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert our resources. 

In
addition, acquisitions outside our current operating jurisdictions often involve additional or increased risks including, for example: 

managing
geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

integrating
personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; 

complying
with foreign regulatory requirements; 

fluctuations
in exchange rates; 

enforcement
and protection of intellectual property in some foreign countries; 

difficulty
entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets; and 

general
economic and political conditions. 

These
risks may arise for a number of reasons: we may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other
acceptable terms; we may face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; we may need to borrow money or sell equity
or debt securities to the public to finance acquisitions and the terms of these financings may be adverse to us; changes in accounting,
tax, securities or other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; we may incur unforeseen obligations
or liabilities in connection with acquisitions; we may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired
business; we may not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; we could enter markets
where we have minimal prior experience; and we may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges. 

We
cannot ensure that any acquisition, partnership or joint venture we make will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Delaware
law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws will contain certain provisions, including anti-takeover provisions that limit the
ability of stockholders to take certain actions and could delay or discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Nukkleus s
Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws contains provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing
an acquisition deemed undesirable by the Nukkleus Board and therefore depress the trading price of Nukkleus Common Stock. In addition,
as a Delaware corporation, the Company will generally be subject to provisions of Delaware law, including the DGCL. These provisions
could also make it difficult for stockholders to take certain actions, including electing directors who are not nominated by the current
members of the Nukkleus Board or taking other corporate actions, including effecting changes in management. 

Such
provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in the Nukkleus Board or management. 

Any
provision of Nukkleus s Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or preventing a
change in control could limit the opportunity for stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of the Company s capital stock
and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for Nukkleus Common Stock. 

43 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

Item
2. Properties. 

The
Company s headquarters are located in Jersey City, New Jersey. The Company uses office space of FXDD, an affiliated company, free
of rent, which is considered immaterial. 

We
believe our facilities are adequate for our current and planned business operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we are subject to ordinary routine litigation incidental to our normal business operations. We are not currently a party
to any material legal proceedings, except as set forth below. 

On
April 16, 2020, the Company was named as a defendant in the BT Prime Litigation. The BT Prime Litigation was brought
by BT Prime against Boston Technologies Powered by Forexware LLC f/k/a Forexware LLC Forexware ), Currency Mountain Holdings
LLC, Currency Mountain Holdings Limited f/k/a Forexware Malta Holdings Ltd., FXDirectDealer, LLC, FXDD Malta Ltd., Nukkleus, Nukkleus
Bermuda Limited and Global Elite Holdings Ltd. f/k/a Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Ltd. BT Prime sought, amongst other relief,
a determination that the defendants were liable for all of the debts of BT Prime stemming from its bankruptcy proceedings, and sought
to recover certain amounts transferred to Forexware and FXDD Malta prior to the initiation of the bankruptcy case. In the sole claim
asserted against Nukkleus, BT Prime alleged that Nukkleus acquired certain technology assets from Forexware and is a continuation of
the business of Forexware and a successor-in-interest to Forexware. Based on this theory, BT Prime alleged that Nukkleus should
be jointly and severally liable for any liability attributable to Forexware or the other defendants, should the court eventually find
any such liability. Although Nukkleus acquired licenses from Forexware, Forexware retained other assets and continued to operate a separate
business, which Nukkleus believes is the business that is pertinent to BT Prime s allegations. Nukkleus believes that the similarity
in Forexware and Nukkleus s business, including the shared use of software, caused BT Prime to conflate the two businesses, but
Nukkleus was not connected to the events that caused the initiation of BT Prime s liquidation and bankruptcy proceedings. 

Nukkleus
has issued a limited guarantee of the obligations under a settlement agreement among BT Prime and the defendants other than Nukkleus,
limited to an amount equal to 2,050,000, which guarantee is subject to release following payment by the defendants other than Nukkleus
of their obligations under the settlement agreement. Nukkleus management believes that the term of the limited guarantee will expire
without any payment obligation or other cost to Nukkleus. On May 31, 2022, the BT Prime Litigation was dismissed with prejudice
by the bankruptcy court as to Nukkleus and FXDD Malta Ltd., following which none of Nukkleus or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries
were party to the BT Prime Litigation. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable 

44 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

LIMITED
PUBLIC MARKET FOR COMMON STOCK 

A
symbol was assigned for our securities so that our securities may be quoted for trading under the symbol NUKK on the Pink
Limited Information tier. Minimal trading occurred through the date of this Annual Report based on a limited float. There can be no assurance
that a liquid market for our securities will ever develop. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or
blue-sky laws of various states and foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investments and
should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time. 

Quarterly ended 
 Low Price 
 High Price 
 
 December 31, 2020 
 0.04 
 0.09 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 0.04 
 2.05 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 0.14 
 0.51 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.06 
 2.29 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.17 
 0.93 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.15 
 0.38 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.10 
 0.23 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.07 
 0.17 

Holders
of Our Common Stock 

As
of April 7, 2023, there were 64 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include shares held by brokerage clearing
houses, depositories or others in unregistered form. 

Stock
Option Grants 

In
January 2022, the Company issued 50,000 stock options for software purchase that are exercisable at a per share price of 0.40. 

The
Company granted an option to acquire 5,800,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.09 per share to 2.50. The option s
life is one to five years. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent for our common stock is Issuer Direct Corporation, 500 Perimeter Park Drive, Suite D, Morrisville, NC 27560, telephone:
(919) 481-4000. 

Dividends 

To
date, we have not paid dividends on shares of our common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common
stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of any dividends will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition,
and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 

45 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Except
as set forth below, the Company has not sold unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 and through the
date hereof. 

On
October 20, 2021, the Company and the shareholders (the Original Shareholders of Jacobi Asset Management Holdings Limited Jacobi entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Jacobi Agreement pursuant to which the Company
agreed to acquire 5.0 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Jacobi in consideration of 20,000,000 shares of common stock
of the Company (the Jacobi Transaction ). On December 15, 2021, the Company, the Original Shareholders and the shareholders
of Jacobi that were assigned their interest in Jacobi by the Original Shareholders (the New Jacobi Shareholders entered
into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement agreeing that the Jacobi Transaction will be entered between the Company and the New Jacobi
Shareholders. The Jacobi Transaction closed on December 15, 2021. Jacobi is a company focused on digital asset management that has received
regulatory approval to launch the world s first tier one Bitcoin ETF. Jamal Khurshid and Nicholas Gregory own, directly and indirectly,
approximately 40 and 10 of Jacobi, respectively. Jamal Khurshid is the Company s chief operating officer and director and Nicholas
Gregory is the Company s director. The transactions contemplated by the Jacobi Agreement constituted a related-party transaction 
as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K because of Mr. Khurshid s and Mr. Gregory s position as beneficial owner of one
or more Original Shareholders and New Jacobi Shareholders. 

On December 30, 2021, the Company and the shareholder (the Digiclear
Shareholder of Digiclear Ltd. Digiclear entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Digiclear Agreement)
pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire 5,400,000 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Digiclear in consideration
of 15,151,515 shares of common stock of the Company (valued at 5,000,000 based on the market price of the Company s common stock
on the acquisition date) (the Digiclear Transaction ). In addition to, if and when the Company is acquired by a Special Purpose
Acquisition Company SPAC ), the Company will fund and capitalize Digiclear with a minimum of 1,000,000 operating capital.
Digiclear shall retain the right to unwind the transaction and to have the Company return the 5,400,000 ordinary shares of Digiclear share
in return for Digiclear returning to the Company the 15,151,515 of Company common shares. Digiclear can only unwind the transaction if
the Company is no longer under contract to be acquired by a SPAC. The Digiclear Transaction closed on March 17, 2022. Digiclear is a company
developing a custody and settlement utility operating system. 

No
underwriters were involved in the transactions described above. All of the securities issued in the foregoing transactions were
issued by the Company in reliance upon the exemption from registration available under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, including
Regulation D and Regulation S promulgated thereunder, in that the transactions involved the issuance and sale of the Company s
securities to financially sophisticated individuals or entities that were aware of the Company s activities and business and financial
condition and took the securities for investment purposes and understood the ramifications of their actions, or were non-U.S. persons. The
Company did not engage in any form of general solicitation or general advertising in connection with the transactions. The individuals
represented that they were each and accredited investor as defined in Regulation D or non-U.S. person as defined in Regulation
S at the time of issuance of the securities, and that it was acquiring such securities for its own account and not for distribution. All
certificates representing the securities issued have a legend imprinted on them stating that the shares have not been registered under
the Securities Act and cannot be transferred until properly registered under the Securities Act or an exemption applies. 

46 

Item
6. [Reserved]. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes to those consolidated financial statements
that are included elsewhere in this report. 

Certain
matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K involve risks and
uncertainties, including statements as to: 

our
future operating results; 

our
business prospects; 

any
contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the
dependence of our future success on the general economy; 

any
possible financings; and 

the
adequacy of our cash resources and working capital. 

Impact
of COVID-19 on Our Operations 

The
ramifications of the outbreak of the novel strain of COVID-19, reported to have started in December 2019 and spread globally, are filled
with uncertainty and changing quickly. Our operations have continued during the COVID-19 pandemic and we have not had significant disruption.
Due to the nature of our business, the technology we use and offer to our customers, and our employees ability to work remotely,
there was no material impact of COVID-19 on our business, operations and financial results. 

The
Company is operating in a rapidly changing environment so the extent to which COVID-19 impacts its business, operations and financial
results from this point forward will depend on numerous evolving factors that the Company cannot accurately predict. Those factors include
the following: the duration and scope of the pandemic, and governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue
to be taken in response to the pandemic. 

Overview 

We
are a financial technology company which is focused on providing software and technology solutions for the worldwide retail foreign exchange FX trading industry. We primarily provide our software, technology, customer sales and marketing and risk management
technology hardware and software solutions package to TCM. The FXDD brand (e.g., see FXDD.com) is the brand utilized in the retail forex
trading industry by TCM. 

We
have ownership of FOREXWARE, the primary software suite and technology solution which powers the FXDD brand globally today. We also have
ownership of the FOREXWARE brand name. We have also acquired ownership of the customer interface and other software trading solutions
being used by FXDD.com. By virtue of our relationship with TCM and FXDIRECT, we provide turnkey software and technology solutions for
FXDD.com. We offer the customers of FXDD 24 hours, five days a week direct access to the global over the counter OTC FX market, which is a decentralized market in which participants trade directly with one another, rather than through a central exchange. 

47 

In an
FX trade, participants effectively buy one currency and simultaneously sell another currency, with the two currencies that make up the
trade being referred to as a currency pair . Our software and technology solutions enable FXDD to present its customers
with price quotations on over the counter tradeable instruments, including over the counter currency pairs, and also provide our customers
the ability to trade FX derivative contracts on currency pairs through a product referred to as Contracts for Difference CFD ).
Our software solutions also offer other CFD products, including CFDs on metals, such as gold, and on futures linked to other products. 

In
July 2018, the Company incorporated Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd., which is a wholly-owned subsidiary. In July 2018, Nukkleus Malta Holding
Ltd. incorporated MDTG, formerly known as Nukkleus Exchange Malta Ltd. MDTG was exploring potentially obtaining a license to operate
an electronic exchange whereby it would facilitate the buying and selling of various digital assets as well as traditional currency pairs
used in FX Trading. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, management made the decision to exit the exchange business and to no longer
pursue the regulatory licensing necessary to operate an exchange in Malta. 

On
August 27, 2020, the Company renamed Nukkleus Exchange Malta Ltd. to Markets Direct Technology Group Ltd MDTG ). MDTG manages
the technology and IP behind the Markets Direct brand (which is operated by TCM). MDTG holds all the IP addresses and all the software
licenses in its name, and it holds all the IP rights to the brands such as Markets Direct and TCM. MDTG then leases out the rights to
use these names/brands licenses to the appropriate entities. 

In
fiscal year 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Match Financial Limited, a private limited
company formed in England and Wales Match ). Match is engaged in providing payment services from one fiat currency
to another. 

On
October 20, 2021, the Company and the shareholders (the Original Shareholders of Jacobi Asset Management Holdings Limited Jacobi entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Jacobi Agreement pursuant to which the Company
agreed to acquire 5.0 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Jacobi in consideration of 20,000,000 shares of
common stock of the Company (the Jacobi Transaction ). On December 15, 2021, the Company, the Original Shareholders and
the shareholders of Jacobi that were assigned their interest in Jacobi by the Original Shareholders (the New Jacobi Shareholders entered into an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement agreeing that the Jacobi Transaction will be entered between the Company and the
New Jacobi Shareholders. The Jacobi Transaction closed on December 15, 2021. Jacobi is a company focused on digital asset management
that has received regulatory approval to launch the world s first tier one Bitcoin ETF. Jamal Khurshid and Nicholas Gregory
own, directly and indirectly, approximately 40 and 10 of Jacobi, respectively. Jamal Khurshid is the Company s chief operating
officer and director and Nicholas Gregory is the Company s director. The transactions contemplated by the Jacobi Agreement constituted
a related-party transaction as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K because of Mr. Khurshid s and Mr. Gregory s
position as beneficial owner of one or more Original Shareholders and New Jacobi Shareholders. 

On December 30, 2021, the Company
and the shareholder (the Digiclear Shareholder of Digiclear Ltd. Digiclear entered into a Purchase and
Sale Agreement (the Digiclear Agreement) pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire 5,400,000 of the issued and outstanding
ordinary shares of Digiclear in consideration of 15,151,515 shares of common stock of the Company (valued at 5,000,000 based on the market
price of the Company s common stock on the acquisition date) (the Digiclear Transaction ). In addition to, if and when
the Company is acquired by a Special Purpose Acquisition Company SPAC ), the Company will fund and capitalize Digiclear
with a minimum of 1,000,000 operating capital. Digiclear shall retain the right to unwind the transaction and to have the Company return
the 5,400,000 ordinary shares of Digiclear share in return for Digiclear returning to the Company the 15,151,515 of Company common shares.
Digiclear can only unwind the transaction if the Company is no longer under contract to be acquired by a SPAC. The Digiclear Transaction
closed on March 17, 2022. Digiclear is a company developing a custody and settlement utility operating system. 

48 

Financial
Services Segment s Key Performance Indicators (KPI) 

The
key performance indicators outlined below are our financial services segment s metrics that provide management with the most immediate
understanding of the drivers of business performance and tracking of financial targets. 

Year Ended 
 From May 28, 2021 To 
 
 Performance Indicator 
 September 30, 2022 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 Trading volume 
 350,448,095 
 7,299,147 
 
 Financial services revenue 
 2,313,474 
 86,964 
 
 Financial services loss 
 (961,396 
 (382,322 
 
 Average cost per trade 
 2,122 
 15,643 
 
 Average trade 
 227,121 
 243,305 
 
 Number of trades 
 1,543 
 30 
 
 Clients active 
 93 
 18 
 
 Gross trading margin 
 0.7 
 1.2 
 
 Gross margin 
 (41.6 
 (439.6 

On
May 28, 2021, the Company acquired a controlling interest in Match. There was no comparable information prior to the date the Company
acquired a controlling interest in Match. 

Trading
volume is measured by number of trades and represents aggregate notional value of all trades 

Financial services revenue represents
the top-line revenue generated from trades, before considering the costs associated with the generation of financial services revenue. 

Financial
services loss is measured as financial services revenue, less costs which include amortization of intangible assets which consist
of license and banking infrastructure acquired on Match acquisition, introducing broker fees, banking, and trading fees incurred associated
with delivery of our services. For the year ended September 30, 2022, we saw a 4,701.2 increase in trade volume over the period
from May 28, 2021 through September 30, 2021. The increase in trading volume had a similar positive effect on all other KPIs. 

Average
cost per trade is driven by financial services costs. We gained significant economies of scale as average cost per trade decreased
measurably as trading volume increased. 

Active
clients for the year ended September 30, 2022 and for the period from May 28, 2021 through September 30, 2021 was 93 and 18,
respectively. We continue to bring on introducing brokers as well as increases in marketing spend from which we continue to add new clients. 

Gross
trading margin is a metric that measures financial services revenue to trading volume. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Changes in these estimates and assumptions
may have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Making estimates requires management to exercise
significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances
that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 

Significant
estimates during the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 include the useful life of intangible assets, assumptions used in assessing
impairment of long-term assets, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the asset acquisition of Match, valuation
of deferred tax assets and the associated valuation allowances, valuation of stock-based compensation, and fair value of customer
digital currency assets and liabilities. 

Customer
Custodial Cash and Customer Custodial Cash Liabilities 

Customer
custodial cash represents cash and cash equivalents maintained in Company bank accounts that are controlled by the Company but held for
the benefit of customers. Customer custodial cash liabilities represent these cash deposits to be utilized for its contractual obligations
to its customers. The Company classifies the assets as current based on their purpose and availability to fulfill the Company s
direct obligations to its customers. 

49 

Customer
Digital Currency Assets and Liabilities 

At
certain times, Digital RFQ s customers funds that Digital RFQ uses to make payments on behalf of its customers, remain in
the form of digital assets in its customers wallets at its digital asset trading platforms awaiting final conversion and/or transfer
to the customer s payment final destination. These indirectly held digital assets, may consist of USDT (Stablecoin), Bitcoin, and
Ethereum (collectively, Customer digital currency assets ). Digital RFQ maintains the internal recordkeeping of its customer
digital currency assets, including the amount and type of digital asset owned by each of its customers. 

Digital
RFQ has control of the private keys and knows the balances of all wallets with its digital asset trading platforms in order to be able
to successfully carry out the movement of digital assets for its client payment instruction. As part of its customer payment instruction,
Digital RFQ can execute withdrawals on the wallets in its digital asset trading platforms. 

The
Company has determined that the Company has control of the customer digital currency assets and records these assets on its balance sheet
with a corresponding liability. The Company recognizes customer digital currency liabilities and corresponding customer digital currency
assets, on initial recognition and at each reporting date, at fair value of the customer digital currency assets. Subsequent changes
in fair value are adjusted to the carrying amount of these customer digital currency assets, with changes in fair value recorded in other
general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Any
loss, theft, or other misuse would impact the measurement of customer digital currency assets. The Company classifies the customer digital
currency assets as current based on their purpose and availability to fulfill the Company s direct obligations to its customers. 

Investment,
at Cost 

Investment
in which the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial matters is accounted for
using the cost method. Under the cost method, investment is recorded at cost, with gains and losses recognized as of the sale
date, and income recorded when received. The Company periodically evaluates its cost method investment for impairment due to decline
considered to be other than temporary. If the Company determines that a decline in fair value is other than temporary, then a charge
to earnings is recorded in operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and a
new basis in the investment is established. No impairment expense for cost method investment was recorded for the year ended September
30, 2022. 

Investment
in Unconsolidated Company Digiclear Ltd. 

The
Company uses the equity method of accounting for its investment in, and earning or loss of, a company that it does not control but over
which it does exert significant influence. The Company considers whether the fair value of its equity method investment has declined
below its carrying value whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that recorded value may not be recoverable. If
the Company considers any decline to be other than temporary (based on various factors, including historical financial results and the
overall health of the investee), then a write-down would be recorded to estimated fair value. Impairment of equity method investment
amounted to 4,310,745 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Intangible
Assets 

Intangible
assets consist of trade names, regulatory licenses, technology and software, which are being amortized on a straight-line method over
the estimated useful life of 3 - 5 years. 

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 360, the Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable, or at least annually. The Company recognizes an impairment loss
when the sum of expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. The amount of impairment is measured
as the difference between the asset s estimated fair value and its book value. 

In
September 2022, the Company assessed its long-lived assets for any impairment and concluded that there were indicators of impairment
as of September 30, 2022 and it calculated that the estimated undiscounted cash flows related to its equity method investment were less
than the carrying amount of the equity method investment. Based on its analysis, the Company recognized an impairment loss of 4,310,745
for the year ended September 30, 2022, which reduced the value of equity method investment to 0. The Company did not record any impairment
charge for the year ended September 30, 2021 as there was no impairment indicator noted. 

50 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company accounts for revenue under the provisions of ASC Topic 606. The Company s revenues are derived from providing: 

General
support services under a GSA to a related party. The transaction price is determined in accordance with the terms of the GSA and payments
are due on a monthly basis. There are multiple services provided under the GSA and these performance obligations are combined into a
single unit of accounting. Fees are recognized as revenue over time as the services are rendered under the terms of the GSA. Revenue
is recorded at gross as the Company is deemed to be a principal in the transactions. 

Financial
services to its customers. Revenue related to its financial services offerings are recognized at a point in time when service is rendered. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

The
Company measures and recognizes compensation expense for all stock-based awards granted to non-employees, including stock options, based
on the grant date fair value of the award. The Company estimates the grant date fair value of each option award using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. 

For
non-employee stock-based awards, fair value is measured based on the value of the Company s common stock on the date that the commitment
for performance by the counterparty has been reached or the counterparty s performance is complete. The fair value of the equity
instrument is calculated and then recognized as compensation expense over the requisite performance period. 

Results
of Operations 

Summary
of Key Results 

For
the Year Ended September 30, 2022 Versus the Year Ended September 30, 2021 

Revenues 

For
both of the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, we had revenue from general support services rendered to TCM under a GSA of 19,200,000. 

We
had revenue from financial services commencing in May 2021. For the year ended September 30, 2022, we had revenue from financial
services of 2,313,474, as compared to 86,964 for the year ended September 30, 2021, an increase of 2,226,510, or 2,560.3 . The significant
increase was primarily attributable to our business expansion. We expect that our revenue from financial services will continue to increase
in the near future since we are making efforts on expanding our financial services. 

Costs
of Revenues 

For
both of the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, our cost of general support services was 18,900,000, which represented amount incurred
for services rendered by FXDIRECT under a GSA. 

Cost
of financial services include amortization of intangible assets which consist of license and banking infrastructure acquired on Match
acquisition, introducing broker fees, banking, and trading fees incurred associated with delivery of our services. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2022, cost of financial services amounted to 3,274,870, as compared to 469,286 for the year ended September
30, 2021, an increase of 2,805,584, or 597.8 . The significant increase was primarily attributable to the increase in amortization
costs of intangible assets which consist of license and banking infrastructure acquired on Match acquisition. 

51 

Gross
Profit (Loss) 

For
both of the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, our gross profit from general support services was 300,000, representing gross
margin of 1.6 . 

Gross
loss from financial services for the year ended September 30, 2022 was 961,396, as compared to 382,322 for the year ended September
30, 2021, an increase of 579,074, or 151.5 . Gross margin increased to (41.6) for the year ended September 30, 2022 from gross margin
of (439.6) for the year ended September 30, 2021. The gross losses were primarily attributable to a large portion of our cost of financial
services are fixed and do not change along with the increase/decrease in our revenue from financial services. The significant increase
in our gross margin for the financial services segment for the year ended September 30, 2022 as compared to the year ended September
30, 2021 was primarily attributed to the increased scale of operations resulting from larger revenue, which is reflected in the allocation
of fixed costs, mainly consisting of amortization costs of intangible assets, to cost of revenue. We expect that our gross margin for
the financial services segment will continue to increase since we anticipate we will generate more revenue from financial services and
we can improve our gross margin from financial services segment to the extent that we can become more efficient by increasing our revenue. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses consisted of advertising and marketing, professional fees, compensation and related benefits, amortization of intangible assets,
other general and administrative expenses, and impairment of equity method investment. 

Advertising
and marketing 

For
the year ended September 30, 2022, advertising and marketing expense increased by 402,312, or 2,250.8 , as compared to the year ended
September 30, 2021. The significant increase was primarily attributable to our incurred advertising and marketing activities to enhance
the visibility and marketability of our services and to improve brand recognition and awareness. We expect that our advertising and marketing
expense will remain in its current level with minimal increase in the near future. 

Professional
fees 

Professional
fees primarily consisted of audit fees, legal service fees, advisory fees, and consulting fees. For the year ended September 30,
2022, professional fees increased by 3,795,152, or 709.6 . The significant increase was primarily attributable to an increase in advisory
service fees of approximately 498,000 mainly due to increased advisory service related to our merger and acquisition, an increase in
legal service fees of approximately 149,000 due to increased legal service related to our merger and acquisition, an increase in consulting
fees of approximately 2,919,000, which was due to the increase in options granted to consultants of approximately 1,914,000 and the
increase of approximately 1,005,000 mainly related to merger and acquisition consulting services, and an increase in other miscellaneous
items of approximately 230,000 resulting from our business expansion. We expect that our professional fees will remain in its current
level with minimal increase in the near future. 

Compensation
and related benefits 

For
the year ended September 30, 2022, our compensation and related benefits increased by 355,113, or 231.6 , as compared to the year ended
September 30, 2021. The increase was mainly attributable to increased management in our financial services segment. We expect that our
compensation and related benefits will remain in its current level with minimal increase in the near future. 

Amortization
of intangible assets 

For
the year ended September 30, 2022, our amortization of intangible assets increased by 264,224, or 100.0 , as compared to the year ended
September 30, 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to increased intangible assets in fiscal 2022. We expect that our amortization
of intangible assets will remain in its current level in the near future. 

Other
general and administrative expenses 

Other
general and administrative expenses primarily consisted of rent, filing fee, travel and entertainment, miscellaneous taxes, and other
miscellaneous items. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2022, total other general and administrative expenses increased by 503,300, or 349.5 , as compared to the
year ended September 30, 2021. The increase was mainly due to an increase in rent expense of approximately 115,000 resulting from our
business expansion, an increase in filing fee of approximately 72,000, an increase in platform fee of approximately 91,000, an increase
in travel and entertainment of approximately 51,000, an increase in miscellaneous taxes of approximately 41,000, and an increase in
other miscellaneous items of approximately 133,000 resulting from our business expansion. We expect that other general and administrative
expenses will remain in its current level with minimal increase in the near future. 

Impairment of equity
method investment 

In September 2022, we
assessed our equity method investment for any impairment and concluded that there were indicators of impairment as of September 30, 2022
and we calculated that the estimated undiscounted cash flows related to our equity method investment were less than the carrying amount
of the equity method investment. The impairment is due to our conclusion that it will be unable to recover the carrying amount of the
investment due to the investee s a series of operating losses and global economic environment. Based on our analysis, we recognized
an impairment loss of 4,310,745 related to the equity method investment for the year ended December 31, 2022, which reduced the investment
value to zero. We did not record any impairment charge for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

52 

Other
(Expense) Income 

Other
(expense) income includes loss from equity method investment and other miscellaneous income (expense). 

Other
expense, net, totaled 703,333 for the year ended September 30, 2022, as compared to 4,442 for the year ended September 30, 2021, an
increase of 698,891, which was primarily attributable to an increase in loss from equity method investment of approximately 689,000. 

Net
Loss 

As
a result of the factors described above, our net loss was 11,845,657, or 0.03 per share (basic
and diluted), for the year ended September 30, 2022, as compared to 936,846, or 0.00 per share (basic and diluted), for the year
ended September 30, 2021, an increase of 10,908,811 or 1,164.4 . 

Foreign
Currency Translation Adjustment 

The reporting currency of the Company is U.S. Dollars. The functional
currency of the parent company, Nukkleus Inc., Nukkleus Limited, Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd. and its subsidiaries, is the U.S. dollar,
the functional currency of Match Financial Limited and its subsidiary, Digital RFQ Limited, is the British Pound GBP and
the functional currency of Digital RFQ Limited s subsidiary, DRFQ Europe UAB, is Euro. The financial statements of our subsidiaries
whose functional currency is the GBP or Euro are translated to U.S. dollars using period end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities,
average rate of exchange for revenues, costs, and expenses and cash flows, and at historical exchange rates for equity. Net gains and
losses resulting from foreign exchange transactions are included in the results of operations. As a result of foreign currency translations,
which are a non-cash adjustment, we reported a foreign currency translation gain of 49,779 and 8,440 for the years ended September 30,
2022 and 2021, respectively. This non-cash gain had the effect of decreasing our reported comprehensive loss. 

Comprehensive
Loss 

As
a result of our foreign currency translation adjustment, we had comprehensive loss of 11,795,878 and 928,406 for the years ended September
30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations and otherwise operate
on an ongoing basis. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, we had cash of 364,023 and 403,771, respectively, exclusive of customer custodial
cash. We had working capital deficit of 3,786,525 as of September 30, 2022. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the management of expenses and our ability to obtain the necessary financing
to meet our obligations and pay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due, and upon profitable operations. 

We need to either borrow funds or raise additional capital through
equity or debt financings. However, we cannot be certain that such capital (from our stockholders or third parties) will be available
to us or whether such capital will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. Any such financing likely would be dilutive to existing
stockholders and could result in significant financial operating covenants that would negatively impact our business. In the event
that there are any unforeseen delays or obstacles in obtaining funds through the aforementioned sources, TCM has committed to inject capital
into the Company in order to maintain the ongoing operations of the business. 

53 

The following table sets forth a summary of changes in our working
capital deficit from September 30, 2021 to September 30, 2022: 

September 30, 
 September 30, 
 Changes in 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 
 Percentage 
 
 Working capital deficit: 

Total current assets 
 3,687,799 
 5,060,372 
 (1,372,573 
 (27.1 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 7,474,324 
 6,655,165 
 819,159 
 12.3 
 
 Working capital deficit 
 (3,786,525 
 (1,594,793 
 (2,191,732 
 137.4 

Our working capital deficit increased by 2,191,732 to 3,786,525 at
September 30, 2022 from 1,594,793 at September 30, 2021. The increase in working capital deficit was primarily attributable to a decrease
in customer digital currency assets of approximately 920,000 due to the decrease in customer digital currency controlled by us in fiscal
2022, a decrease in due from affiliates of approximately 1,687,000 resulting from the payments received from our affiliates in fiscal
2022, an increase in customer custodial cash liabilities of approximately 1,221,000 resulting from our business expansion, an increase
in due to affiliates of approximately 256,000 driven by the payments received from our affiliates and expenses paid by our affiliates
on behalf of us in fiscal 2022, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately 262,000, which mainly attributable
to the increase in accrued directors compensation of approximately 67,000 and the increase in unearned revenue of approximately
 154,000 and the increase in accrued professional fees of approximately 44,000, offset by an increase in customer custodial cash of approximately
 1,221,000 resulting from our business expansion, and a decrease in customer digital currency liabilities of approximately 920,000 due
to the decrease in customer digital currency controlled by us in fiscal 2022. 

Because
the exchange rate conversion is different for the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated statements of cash flows, the changes
in assets and liabilities reflected on the consolidated statements of cash flows are not necessarily identical with the comparable changes
reflected on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Cash
Flow for the Year Ended September 30, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended September 30, 2021 

Net cash flow provided by operating activities for the year ended September
30, 2022 was 1,615,606, which primarily reflected the non-cash items adjustment primarily consisting of amortization of intangible assets,
mainly representing intangible assets acquired on Match acquisition, of approximately 2,691,000, stock-based compensation and service
expense of approximately 1,914,000 due to options granted for professional services, loss on equity method investment of approximately
 689,000, and impairment of equity method investment of approximately 4,311,000, and the changes in operating assets and liabilities,
primarily consisting of a decrease in customer digital currency assets of approximately 823,000 due to the decrease in customer digital
currency controlled by us in fiscal 2022, a decrease in due from affiliates of approximately 1,687,000 resulting from the payments received
from our affiliates in fiscal 2022, an increase in customer custodial cash liabilities of approximately 1,560,000 resulting from our
business expansion, an increase in due to affiliates of approximately 323,000 driven by the payments received from our affiliates and
expenses paid by our affiliates on behalf of us in fiscal 2022, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately
 321,000, which was mainly due to the increase in accrued directors compensation of approximately 67,000 and the increase in unearned
revenue of approximately 154,000 and the increase in accrued professional fees of approximately 44,000 and the increase in accrued other
miscellaneous items of approximately 56,000, offset by a decrease in customer digital currency liabilities of approximately 823,000
due to the decrease in customer digital currency controlled by us in fiscal 2022, and our consolidated net loss of approximately 11,846,000. 

Net cash flow provided by
operating activities was 1,166,982 for the year ended September 30, 2021, which primarily reflected the changes in operating assets and
liabilities, net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisition, mainly consisting of a decrease in due from affiliates of
approximately 1,092,000 resulting from the payments received from our affiliates in fiscal 2021, an increase in customer custodial cash
liabilities of approximately 822,000 mainly due to our business expansion, an increase in customer digital currency liabilities of approximately
 1,201,000 resulting from our business expansion, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of approximately 164,000,
which was primarily attributable to the increase in Match s accounts payable of approximately 55,000 and the increase in accrued
directors compensation of approximately 40,000 and the increase in unearned revenue of approximately 49,000, and the non-cash
items mainly consisting of amortization of intangible assets representing license and banking infrastructure acquired on Match acquisition
of approximately 469,000 and stock-based compensation of approximately 42,000 due to options granted for professional services, offset
by consolidated net loss of approximately 937,000, and the changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in acquisition, mainly consisting of an increase in customer digital currency assets of approximately 1,201,000 due to our business
expansion, a decrease in due to affiliates of approximately 467,000 due to the payments made to our affiliates in fiscal 2021. 

54 

Net
cash flow used in investing activities was 35,000 for the year ended September 30, 2022. During the year ended September 30, 2022, we
made payment for note receivable of 35,000. 

Net
cash flow used in investing activities was 23,302 for the year ended September 30, 2021. During the year ended September 30, 2021, we
made payments for acquisition of approximately 45,000, offset by cash acquired on acquisition of approximately 21,000. 

Our
operations will require additional funding for the foreseeable future. Unless and until we are able to generate a sufficient amount of
revenue and reduce our costs, we expect to finance future cash needs through public and/or private offerings of equity securities and/or
debt financings. We do not currently have any committed future funding. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities,
our stockholders could at that time experience substantial dilution. Any debt financing we are able to obtain may involve operating covenants
that restrict our business. Our capital requirements for the next twelve months primarily relate to mergers, acquisitions and the development
of business opportunities. In addition, we expect to use cash to pay fees related to professional services. The following trends are
reasonably likely to result in a material decrease in our liquidity over the near to long term: 

The
working capital requirements to finance our current business; 

The
use of capital for mergers, acquisitions and the development of business opportunities; 

Addition
of personnel as the business grows; and 

The
cost of being a public company. 

We need to either borrow funds or raise additional capital through
equity or debt financings. However, we cannot be certain that such capital (from our stockholders or third parties) will be available
to us or whether such capital will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. Any such financing likely would be dilutive to existing
stockholders and could result in significant financial operating covenants that would negatively impact our business. If we are unable
to raise sufficient additional capital on acceptable terms, we will have insufficient funds to operate our business or pursue our planned
growth. However, TCM has committed to inject capital into the Company in order to maintain the ongoing operations of the business. 

Consistent
with Section 144 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, it is our current policy that all transactions between us and our officers,
directors and their affiliates will be entered into only if such transactions are approved by a majority of the disinterested directors,
are approved by vote of the stockholders, or are fair to us as a corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by
the board. We will conduct an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis. 

Contractual
Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

Contractual
Obligations 

As
of September 30, 2022, we had no material contractual obligations other than: FXDirectDealer LLC receives a minimum of 1,575,000
per month and such obligation may be terminated by the Company upon providing 90 days notice. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
had no outstanding derivative financial instruments, off-balance sheet guarantees, interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency
contracts. We do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

For
information about recently issued accounting standards, refer to Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements appearing elsewhere
in this report. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

55 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

September
30, 2022 and 2021 

F- 1 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

September
30, 2022 and 2021 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID 688) F-3 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. (PCAOB ID F-4 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets - As of September 30, 2022 and 2021 (as restated) F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss - For the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (as restated) F-6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity - For the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (as restated) F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 (as restated) F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Nukkleus Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Nukkleus Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2022, the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
the year ended September 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Restatement 

As discussed in Note 16 to the consolidated
financial statements, the 2021 financial statements have been restated to correct errors. 

We also have audited the adjustments described
in Note 16 that were applied to restate the 2021 consolidated financial statements to correct errors. In our opinion, such adjustments
are appropriate and have been properly applied. We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the 2021 consolidated
financial statements of the Company other than with respect to the adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other
form of assurance on the 2021 consolidated financial statements taken as a whole. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2016 (such date takes into account the acquisition Rotenberg, Meril Solomon, Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. by Marcum LLP effective
February 1, 2023) 

Saddle Brook, New Jersey 

April
7, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors
and Stockholders of 

Nukkleus Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We have audited, before the
effects of the adjustments the Company identified during 2022 to restate the financial statements as described in 16, the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Nukkleus Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the "financial statements") (the 2021 financial statements before the effects of the adjustments the Company
identified during 2022 to restate the financial statements as described in Note 16 are not presented herein). In our opinion, the 2021
financial statements, before the effects of the adjustments described in Note 16, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of September 30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We were not engaged to audit,
review or apply any procedures to the adjustments the Company identified during 2022 to restate the financial statements as described
in Note 16, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such adjustments are appropriate and
have been properly applied. Those adjustments were audited by other auditors. 

Basis for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm that was registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and were required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We served as the Company's
auditor from 2016 to 2022. 

December 29, 2021 

F- 4 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of September 30, 

2022 
 2021 

(as restated in note 16) 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Customer custodial cash 

Customer digital currency assets 

Accounts receivable 
 -

Digital assets 

Due from affiliates 

Note receivable - related party 
 
 -

Other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cost method investment 
 
 -

Intangible assets, net 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Customer custodial cash liabilities 

Customer digital currency liabilities 

Due to affiliates 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - (Note 15) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; share issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021) 
 -
 
 -

Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes to
consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 5 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended 
 September 30, 

2022 
 2021 

(as restated in note 16) 
 
 REVENUES 

Revenue - general support services - related party 

Revenue - financial services 

Total revenues 

COSTS OF REVENUES 

Cost of revenue - general support services - related party 

Cost of revenue - financial services 

Total costs of revenues 

GROSS PROFIT (LOSS) 

Gross profit
- general support services - related party 

Gross
loss - financial services 

Total
gross loss 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Advertising and marketing 

Professional fees 

Compensation and related benefits 

Amortization of intangible assets 
 
 -

Other general and administrative 

Impairment of equity method investment 
 
 -

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME: 

Loss from equity method investment 
 
 -

Interest expense on redeemable preferred stock 
 -

Amortization of debt discount 
 -

Other expense 

Other income 

Total other expense, net 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAXES 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS: 

NET LOSS 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Unrealized foreign currency
 translation gain 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Basic and diluted

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic and diluted

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 6 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT)
EQUITY 

For the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Other 
 Stockholders 

Number of 
 
 Number of 
 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Equity 

Balance as of October 1, 2020 
 -
 
 -

-

Common stock issued in connection with acquisition 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Common stock issued for redeemable preferred stock conversion and related dividend 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of September 30, 2021, as restated in note 16 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issued in connection with cost method investment 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Common stock issued in connection with equity method investment 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock options issued for the purchase of an intangible asset 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of September 30, 2022 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 7 

NUKKLEUS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 
 September 30, 

2022 
 2021 

(as restated in note 16) 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 

provided by operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount 
 - 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Stock-based compensation and service expense 

Provision for bad debt 

Unrealized foreign currency exchange gain 

Loss on equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of digital assets 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of equity method investment 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities, net of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisition: 

Customer digital currency assets 

Accounts receivable 

Digital assets 

Other current assets 

Due from affiliates 

Customer custodial cash liabilities 

Customer digital currency liabilities 

Due to affiliates 

Accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Investment in note receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Cash acquired on asset acquisition 
 - 

Transaction costs of asset
 acquisition 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

Cash - beginning of year 

Cash - end of year 

Cash consisted of the following: 

Cash 

Customer custodial cash 

Total cash 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes 
 - 
 - 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common stock issued in connection
 with cost method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued in connection
 with equity method investment 
 
 - 
 
 Stock options issued for the
 purchase of an intangible asset 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued in connection
 with asset acquisition 
 - 

Common stock issued for redeemable
 preferred stock conversion and related dividend 
 - 

Cost of asset acquisition in
 accrued liabilities 
 - 

Adjustment for common stock issued
 in connection with asset acquisition 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these statements. 

F- 8 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per
month. Emil Assentato is also the majority member of Max Q Investments LLC Max Q ), which is managed by Derivative Marketing
Associates Inc. DMA ). Mr. Assentato, who is our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Chief Financial Officer CFO and chairman, is the sole owner and manager of DMA. Max Q owns of Currency Mountain Malta LLC, which in turn is the sole shareholder
of TCM. 

per month in consideration of providing personnel
engaged in operational and technical support, marketing, sales support, accounting, risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer
care and support. FXDIRECT may terminate this agreement upon providing days written notice. Currency Mountain Holdings
LLC is the sole shareholder of FXDIRECT. Max Q is the majority shareholder of Currency Mountain Holdings LLC. 

of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Jacobi in consideration of shares of common stock of the Company
(the Jacobi Transaction ). On December 15, 2021, the Company, the Original Shareholders and the shareholders of Jacobi that
were assigned their interest in Jacobi by the Original Shareholders (the New Jacobi Shareholders entered into an Amendment
to Stock Purchase Agreement agreeing that the Jacobi Transaction will be entered between the Company and the New Jacobi Shareholders.
The Jacobi Transaction closed on December 15, 2021. Jacobi is a company focused on digital asset management that has received regulatory
approval to launch the world s first tier one Bitcoin exchange-traded fund ETF ). 

F- 9 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 THE COMPANY HISTORY AND NATURE OF THE BUSINESS (continued) 

of
the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Digiclear in consideration of shares of common stock of the Company (valued at
 based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the acquisition date) (the Digiclear Transaction ).
In addition to, if and when the Company is acquired by a Special Purpose Acquisition Company SPAC ), the Company will fund
and capitalize Digiclear with a minimum of operating capital in exchange for of additional shares of Digiclear s
capital stock. Digiclear shall retain the right to unwind the transaction and to have the Company return the ordinary shares
of Digiclear share in return for Digiclear returning to the Company the of Company common shares. Digiclear can only unwind
the transaction if the Company is no longer under contract to be acquired by a SPAC. The Digiclear Transaction closed on March 17, 2022.
Digiclear is a company developing a custody and settlement utility operating system. 

and , respectively, exclusive of customer
custodial cash. 

and had a working capital deficit of at
September 30, 2022. These are indicators of substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for at
least one year from issuance of these financial statements. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
the management of expenses and ability to obtain necessary financing to meet its obligations and pay its liabilities arising from normal
business operations when they come due, and upon profitable operations. 

F- 10 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

United Kingdom 

Malta 

Total cash 

F- 11 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

-

Customer digital currency liabilities 
 -

-

-

Customer digital currency liabilities 
 -

-

. 

F- 12 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

. 

. The Company manages this credit risk by concentrating its cash balances, including customer custodial cash, in high quality
financial institutions and by periodically evaluating the credit quality of the primary financial institutions holding such deposits.
The Company may also hold cash at digital asset trading platforms and performs a regular assessment of these digital asset trading platforms
as part of its risk management process. The Company has not experienced any losses in such bank accounts and believes it is not exposed
to any risks on its cash in bank accounts. At September 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company s cash and customer custodial cash balances
had approximately and , respectively, in excess of the federally-insured limits. 

and , respectively. 

Impairment of equity method investment amounted to 
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

- years. 

F- 13 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Based on its analysis, the Company recognized an impairment loss of for the year ended September 30, 2022, which reduced the
value of equity method investment to . The Company did not record any impairment charge for the year ended September 30, 2021 as there
was no impairment indicator noted. 

mark-up to the costs of the services being provided by FXDirect Dealer, LLC. 

F- 14 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Financial services 

Total revenues 

and , respectively, which was included in operating expenses on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

F- 15 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

F- 16 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Per
share data (continued) 

Convertible preferred stock 
 -

Potentially dilutive securities 

F- 17 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements (continued) 

Customer digital currency assets 

Total customer assets 

Customer custodial cash liabilities 

Customer digital currency liabilities 

Total customer liabilities 

Stablecoin/USD Coin 

Ethereum 

Total customer digital currency assets 

F- 18 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Ethereum 

-

Stablecoin/USD Coin 

-

Other 

-

Total 

-

Ethereum 

-

Total 

-

and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was included
in other general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

. The investment represents the Company s minority interest in Jacobi, a
private company focused on digital asset management that has received regulatory approval to launch the world s first tier one Bitcoin
ETF. 

shares of its common stock to Jacobi s shareholders for acquisition
of equity interest of Jacobi. These shares were valued at per share), the fair market value on the
grant date using the reported closing share price of the Company on the date of grant. 

. The investment represents the Company s interest in Digiclear. Digiclear
was incorporated on July 13, 2021 in United Kingdom. The company and the other unrelated party accounted for and of
the total ownership, respectively. Digiclear is a company developing a custody and settlement utility operating system. 

F- 19 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
7 EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENT (continued) 

(the loss was composed of the Company s share of Digiclear s net loss of and the adjustment for allocated amortization
of intangible asset of ), and were included in loss from equity method investment in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Noncurrent assets 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 
 -

Equity 

Net loss 

related to the equity method investment for the year ended December 31, 2022, which reduced the investment value to . 

The straight-line method of amortization represents the Company s best estimate of the distribution of the economic
value of the identifiable intangible assets. 

Years 

Regulatory licenses 
 Years 

Technology 
 Years 

Software 
 Years 
 
 -

Less: accumulated amortization 

F- 20 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
8 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued) 

and , respectively, of which, and
 was included in cost of revenue financial services, and and was included in operating expenses,
respectively. Amortization of intangible assets attributable to future periods is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and thereafter 
 -

Unearned revenue 

Professional fees 

Accounts payable 

Others 

Total 

shares
of preferred stock. The Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the voting rights, rights of redemption and other rights
and preferences of preferred stock. 

of the preferred shares were redeemed and cancelled. 

5) The holders of the Series A preferred stock were not entitled to receive any preference upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the business of the Company. Each holder of Series A preferred stock shared ratably with the holders of the common stock of the Company. 

of proceeds received was allocated to the common stock and Series A preferred stock according to their relative fair
values determined at the time of issuance, and as a result, the Company recorded a total discount of on the Series A preferred
stock, which had been amortized to interest expense to the date of redemption. For the year ended September 30, 2021, amortization of
debt discount amounted to . 

F- 21 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
10 SHARE CAPITAL (continued) 

Common
stock and Series A preferred stock sold for cash (continued) 

years) and
the Company had a choice of redeeming the instrument either in cash or a variable number of shares of common stock based on a formula
in the certificate of designation. The conversion price had a floor of per share. As such, all dividends accrued and/or paid
and any accretions were classified as part of interest expense. For the year ended September 30, 2021, dividends on redeemable preferred
stock amounted to . 

and related accrued dividend of were exchanged
for shares of the Company s common stock. 

shares of its common stock to the original shareholders of Match Financial Limited Match
Shareholders for acquisition of equity interest of Match Initial Transaction ). 

shares of its common stock to Match Shareholders as consideration of an option commencing any
time after the closing of the Initial Transaction to acquire from the Match Shareholders the balance of ordinary shares
of Match representing of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Match for an additional shares of
common stock of the Company. 

ordinary
shares of Match representing of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Match for an additional shares
of common stock of the Company. 

shares of its common stock for of the issued and outstanding shares of Match, The total fair value of the shares issued was . 

shares of its common stock to the original shareholders of Jacobi as consideration of
acquisition of of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Jacobi. These shares were valued at , the fair
market value on the grant date using the reported closing share price of the Company on the date of grant, and the Company recorded cost
method investment of (see Note 6). 

shares of its common stock to the Digiclear Shareholder for acquisition of 
equity interest of Digiclear. These shares were valued at , the fair market value on the grant date using the reported
closing share price on the date of grant. 

F- 22 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
10 SHARE CAPITAL (continued) 

Options
(continued) 

Terminated / Exercised / Expired 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

Granted 

Terminated / Exercised / Expired 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at September 30, 2022 

Options exercisable at September 30, 2022 

Options expected to vest 

and ,
respectively. 

- , risk-free rate of - , annual dividend
yield of and expected life of - years. The aggregate fair value of the options granted during
the year ended September 30, 2022 was and the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of for
the year ended September 30, 2022 and intangible asset cost of and the remaining balance of as of September
30, 2022 will be amortized over the rest of corresponding service periods. 

, risk-free rate of , annual dividend yield of , and
expected life of years. The aggregate fair value of the options granted during the year ended September 30, 2021was
 . 

and
 , respectively, which was recorded as professional fees on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
loss. 

stock options for software purchase. The fair value of stock options
granted was which was recorded as the cost of software. For the year ended September 30, 2022, amortization in connection
with the software amounted to , which was included in amortization of intangible assets on the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Vested 
 -
 
 -

Nonvested at September 30, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

Nonvested at September 30, 2022 

F- 23 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Bermuda 
 
 -

Malta 

United Kingdom 

Lithuania 
 
 -

Total 

State 

Malta 

United Kingdom 

Lithuania 
 
 -

Total deferred income taxes (benefit) 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income taxes expense 
 -
 
 -

State tax 

Non-U.S. income taxed at different rates 

Permanent differences 

Prior year true-up 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 

F- 24 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
11 INCOME TAXES (continued) 

Accrued directors compensation 

Stock-based compensation 

Impairment of digital assets 
 
 -

Capitalized SPAC acquisition related professional fee 
 
 -

Total deferred tax assets, gross 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net 
 
 -

Deferred tax liabilities 

Unrealized foreign currency exchange gain 
 
 -

Total deferred tax liabilities 
 
 -

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

in U.S. federal net operating loss carry-forwards that can be utilized in future
periods to reduce taxable income. However, due to changes in stock ownership, the use of the U.S. federal net operating loss carry-forwards
is limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company has not performed a study to determine if the loss carryforwards
are subject to these Section 382 limitations. of the net operating loss carry-forwards will expire in fiscal years
2033 through 2038. The remaining net operating loss carry-forwards do not expire. In addition, the Company has net operating losses
in Malta and United Kingdom totaling and , respectively, with no expiration date. 

The Company is not subject to income taxes in Bermuda. The
Company s 2019 through 2022 tax years are subject to examination. 

. 

F- 25 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
12 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 

. 

which was included in revenue 
financial services on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Digiclear 
 
 -

TCM 

Total 

F- 26 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
12 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 

FXDIRECT 

CMH 

FXDD Trading (1) 

Markets Direct Payments (1) 
 
 -

Match Fintech Limited (2) 
 
 -

Total 

and , respectively,
which was included in customer digital currency assets and liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

on September 1, 2022. The note shall become
mature with respect to on March 1, 2023 and with respect to on September 1, 2023. The note bears a fixed interest rate
of per annum. 

and has been included in other income on
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

and was included in other current assets on the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 27 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

or more of the Company s revenues for the years
ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

or more of the Company s total outstanding due from affiliates
at September 30, 2022, accounted for of the Company s total outstanding due from affiliates at September 30, 2022. 

or more of the Company s total outstanding accounts receivable
and due from affiliates at September 30, 2021, accounted for of the Company s total outstanding accounts receivable and
due from affiliates at September 30, 2021. 

or more of the Company s costs of revenues
for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

or more of the Company s total outstanding accounts payable and
due to affiliates at September 30, 2022, accounted for of the Company s total outstanding accounts payable and due to
affiliates at September 30, 2022. 

or more of the Company s total outstanding accounts payable and
due to affiliates at September 30, 2021, accounted for of the Company s total outstanding accounts payable and due to
affiliates at September 30, 2021. 

F- 28 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
14 SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued) 

Financial services 

Total 

Costs of revenues 

General support services 

Financial services 

Total 

Gross profit (loss) 

General support services 

Financial services 

Total 

Operating expenses 

Financial services 

Corporate/Other 

Total 

Other expense 

Financial services 

Corporate/Other 

Total 

Net income (loss) 

General support services 

Financial services 

Corporate/Other 

Total 

Amortization 

Financial services 

Corporate/Other 
 
 -

Total 

Corporate/Other 

Total 

F- 29 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, which guarantee is subject to release following payment by the defendants other than Nukkleus
of their obligations under the settlement agreement. Nukkleus management believes that the term of the limited guarantee will expire
without any payment obligation or other cost to Nukkleus. On May 31, 2022, the BT Prime Litigation was dismissed with prejudice by the
bankruptcy court as to Nukkleus and FXDD Malta Ltd., following which none of Nukkleus or any of its direct or indirect subsidiaries were
party to the BT Prime Litigation. 

to Brilliant in subsequent period. The principal shall be payable promptly after the
date on which Brilliant consummates an initial business combination with a target business. The principal may be prepaid at any time.
These loans bear a fixed interest rate of per annum. These loans shall not be convertible into any securities of Brilliant, and the
Company shall have no recourse with respect to Brilliant s ability to convert these loans into any securities of Brilliant. 

F- 30 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
15 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued) 

or such
lower amount as may be required pursuant to the rules of the market on which shares of its common stock trades at such time. Pursuant
to terms of the White Lion Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement (as defined below), the Company is required to use its commercially
reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares to be acquired by White Lion within sixty days following
the closing of the previously announced business combination with Brilliant Acquisition Corporation described in its Current Report on
Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022 (the Business Combination ). 

of the dollar- volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock over the
two consecutive trading days immediately following receipt of the Company s notice of its intent to make a draw. As of September
30, 2022, the White Lion Agreement is not yet effective. 

(following the reverse stock split proposed in connection with the
closing of the Business Combination and described in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23,
2022, but adjusted for any other reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split or other similar transaction). The
Company is not entitled to draw on the White Lion Agreement unless each of the following additional conditions is satisfied: (i) each
of the Company s representations and warranties set forth in the White Lion Agreement is true and correct (subject to qualifications
as to materiality set forth therein) in all respects as of such time; (ii) a registration statement is and remains effective for
the resale of securities in connection with the White Lion Agreement; (iii) the trading of the Company s common stock shall
not have been suspended by the SEC, the applicable trading market or FINRA, or otherwise halted for any reason; (iv) the Company
shall have complied with its obligations and shall not otherwise be in breach or default of any agreement set forth in the White Lion
Agreement; (v) no statute, regulation, order, guidance, decree, writ, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated,
threatened or endorsed by any federal, state, local or foreign court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction, including,
without limitation, the SEC, which prohibits the consummation of or which would materially modify or delay any of the transactions contemplated
by the White Lion Agreement; (vi) all reports, schedules, registrations, forms, statements, information and other documents required
to have been filed by us with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934 (other than Forms 8-K) shall
have been filed with the SEC within the applicable time periods prescribed for such filings; (vii) to the extent the issuance of
the put shares requires shareholder approval under the listing rules of the applicable national exchange or principal quotation system
for the Company s common stock, the Company has or will seek such approval; and (viii) certain other conditions as set forth
in the White Lion Agreement. 

being issued to White Lion in connection with the execution
of the White Lion Agreement. 

F- 31 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

from the original estimated valuation with a corresponding
decrease in additional paid-in capital. The adjusted fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, plus transaction costs
were as follows: 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Intangible assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities assumed: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Purchase price 

, and an overstatement of non-cash investment
and financing activities: common stock issued in connection with acquisition of approximately for the nine months ended June
30, 2021. These errors did not have any impact on consolidated operating loss, net loss or earnings per share. The Company s June
30, 2021 financial statements have been restated for the impact of these adjustments as follows: 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

Additional paid-in capital 

Total Nukkleus Inc. stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interest 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

F- 32 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 16 RESTATEMENTS
OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

, an overstatement of
cost of revenue financial services and an understatement of operating expenses of approximately for the year ended September
30, 2021, and an understatement of net cash provided by operating activities of approximately for the year ended September 30,
2021. These errors did not have any impact on consolidated operating loss, net loss or earnings per share. The Company s September
30, 2021 financial statements have been restated for the impact of these adjustments as follows: 

Customer custodial cash 
 -

Customer digital currency assets 
 -

Digital assets 
 -

Total current assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

Customer custodial cash liabilities 
 -

Customer digital currency liabilities 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Additional paid-in capital 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Total costs of revenues 

Gross loss - financial services 

Total gross loss 

Professional fees 

Other general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

F- 33 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 16 RESTATEMENTS
OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Year
ended September 30, 2021 (continued) 

Digital assets 
 -

Customer custodial cash liabilities 
 -

Customer digital currency liabilities 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 

Net increase in cash 

Cash - end of year 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Common stock issued in connection with acquisition 

, an overstatement of
cost of revenue financial services and an understatement of operating expenses of approximately for the three months
ended December 31, 2021, and an understatement of net cash used in operating activities of approximately for the three months
ended December 31, 2021. These errors did not have any impact on consolidated operating loss, net loss or earnings per share. The Company s
December 31, 2021 financial statements have been restated for the impact of these adjustments as follows: 

Customer custodial cash 
 -

Customer digital currency assets 
 -

Digital assets 
 -

Total current assets 

Total assets 

Customer custodial cash liabilities 
 -

Customer digital currency liabilities 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

F- 34 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 16 RESTATEMENTS
OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Three
months ended December 31, 2021 - unaudited (continued) 

Total
 costs of revenues 

Gross
 loss - financial services 

Total
 gross loss 

Professional
 fees 

Other
 general and administrative 
 
 - 

Total
 operating expenses 

Digital assets 
 -

Customer custodial cash liabilities 
 -

Customer digital currency liabilities 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

F- 35 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 16 RESTATEMENTS
OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

, an overstatement of
cost of revenue financial services and an understatement of operating expenses of approximately and , respectively,
for the three and six months ended March 31, 2022, and an overstatement of net cash used in operating activities of approximately 
for the six months ended March 31, 2022. These errors did not have any impact on consolidated operating loss, net loss or earnings per
share. The Company s March 31, 2022 financial statements have been restated for the impact of these adjustments as follows: 

Customer custodial cash 
 -

Customer digital currency assets 
 -

Digital assets 
 -

Total current assets 

Total assets 

Customer custodial cash liabilities 
 -

Customer digital currency liabilities 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Total costs of revenues 

Gross loss - financial services 

Total gross loss 

Professional fees 

Total operating expenses 

Total costs of revenues 

Gross loss - financial services 

Total gross loss 

Professional fees 

Total operating expenses 

F- 36 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
16 RESTATEMENTS OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Six
months ended March 31, 2022 - unaudited (continued) 

Digital assets 
 -

Customer custodial cash liabilities 
 -

Customer digital currency liabilities 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

, an overstatement of
cost of revenue financial services and an understatement of operating expenses of approximately and , respectively,
for the three and nine months ended June 30, 2022, and an overstatement of net cash used in operating activities of approximately 
for the nine months ended June 30, 2022. These errors did not have any impact on consolidated operating loss, net loss or earnings per
share. The Company s June 30, 2022 financial statements have been restated for the impact of these adjustments as follows: 

Customer custodial cash 
 -

Customer digital currency assets 
 -

Digital assets 
 -

Total current assets 

Total assets 

Customer custodial cash liabilities 
 -

Customer digital currency liabilities 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

F- 37 

NUKKLEUS
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 16 RESTATEMENTS
OF PREVIOUSLY ISSUED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued) 

Nine
months ended June 30, 2022 - unaudited (continued) 

Total costs of revenues 

Gross loss - financial services 

Total gross loss 

Professional fees 

Compensation and related benefits 

Other general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Total costs of revenues 

Gross loss - financial services 

Total gross loss 

Professional fees 

Compensation and related benefits 

Other general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Digital assets 
 -

Customer custodial cash liabilities 
 -

Customer digital currency liabilities 
 -

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

F- 38 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Effective
February 1, 2022, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla,
P.C. Certified Public Accountants Rotenberg ), combined with Marcum LLP. Rotenberg continued to operate as an independent
registered public accounting firm as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Marcum LLP. 

Rotenberg
continued to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm through the filing of the Company s Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. On July 26, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the engagement of
Marcum LLP to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2022. 

During
the two years ended September 30, 2021 and through the date of this report, the Company did not consult Marcum LLP with respect to any
of (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed; (ii) the type of audit opinion
that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements; or (iii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement
(as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K) or an event of the type described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

Rotenberg s
transition into Marcum has progressed and Rotenberg has formally resigned on July 26, 2022, as our independent registered public accounting
firm and the services previously provided by Rotenberg will now be provided by Marcum LLP. 

Rotenberg s
report on our financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, and 2020 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer
of opinion, nor was it qualified or modified as to audit scope or accounting principles. 

During
the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 and the subsequent interim period through the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (i) we did not
have any disagreements with Rotenberg on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing
scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to Rotenberg s satisfaction, would have caused them to make reference thereto
in their reports on the Company s financial statements for such periods, and (ii) there were no reportable events, as defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

56 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, who is the same person, has evaluated
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation we have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The
management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as required
by Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Section 404(a). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the
supervision of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer and effected by the Company s Board
of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States generally
accepted accounting principles. 

Due
to its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. Also,
projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the
risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

As
of September 30, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based
on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of September 30, 2022, our
internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting, which are indicative of many small companies with limited staff: a) we have not
sufficiently designed, implemented and documented internal controls at the entity level and across the key business and financial
processes to allow us to achieve complete, accurate and timely financial reporting and b) we have not designed and implemented
controls to maintain appropriate segregation of duties in our business processes and c) we utilize third party service providers in
our financial services segment, for which the Company relies on for determining amounts pertaining to revenue and cryptocurrency
asset completeness, accuracy and existence. The third party service providers lack a key service organization control report. 

We
plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. To remediate such weaknesses, we
hope to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending September 30, 2023: (i) design, implement and document internal
controls at the entity level and across the key business and financial processes and (ii) design and implement controls and appoint or
hire sufficient staff to maintain appropriate segregation of duties in our business processes. The remediation efforts set out in (i)
and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are
unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of the year ended
September 30, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report by our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. As a smaller reporting company, our internal control over financial reporting was not subject to audit
by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide
only management s report. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the Companies officers and directors as of the date hereof. Our executive officers are
elected annually by our board of directors. Our executive officers hold their offices until they resign, are removed by the Board, or
his successor is elected and qualified. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Emil Assentato 
 
 73 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and
 Chairman 
 
 Craig Marshak 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Jamal Jamie Khurshid 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Nicholas Gregory 
 
 48 
 
 Director 
 
 Brian Schwieger 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Daniel Marcus 
 
 49 
 
 Director 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our current executive officers or directors. 

Emil
Assentato was previously the Chief Executive Officer of Tradition North America, one of the leading inter-dealer brokers in the world,
and a subsidiary of Compagnie Financiere Tradition, a leading global brand in inter-dealer broking listed on the Swiss Stock Exchange.
He continues today as Chairman of Tradition North America. His career spans over 30 years of Wall Street leadership in Institutional
Sales, Marketing and Senior Management. Mr. Assentato and his team were the founding shareholders of FXDD in 2002, and pioneered the
brand in the early days of the retail forex industry. Having lead a management buyout of the brand from Tradition, and whilst keeping
Tradition as a minority equity partner, Mr. Assentato in recent years, re-focused the brand strategy on Asian markets. 

Craig
Marshak has over twenty years of experience in financial services. From 2010 to 2014, he was a founding partner of Israel Venture
Partners, and a Managing Director at Cross Point Capital Advisors. From 2007 to 2010, Mr. Marshak headed the London office of Trafalgar
Capital, a 200 million mezzanine capital fund headquartered in Luxemburg. Prior to that, he was a managing director and co-head of Nomura
merchant banking technology growth fund. Prior to that, he was a managing director at Robertson Stephens. Prior to that, he was an executive
at Wertheim Schroder and its affiliates in New York and London. He commenced his Wall Street career at Morgan Stanley. He received his
bachelor s degree from Duke University, and a JD from Harvard Law School. 

Jamal
 Jamie Khurshid was appointed as Chief Operating Officer of the Company on August 2, 2021. An investment banker for
over 20 years at Goldman Sachs, Credit Suisse and Royal Bank of Scotland before joining Cinnober Financial Technology, the world s
leading independent exchange and clearing house technology provider, as a senior partner where Mr. Khurshid served from 2013 to 2018. In
2018, Mr. Khurshid co-founded digital RFQ, a leading digital asset execution service. From 2020 through 2021, Mr. Khurshid served as
the COO of Droit Financial Technology, an enterprise technology firm. Since 2021, Mr. Khurshid has served as CEO of Jacobi Asset Management,
Europe s first Bitcoin ETF founded by Mr. Khurshid. In 1997, Mr. Khurshid graduated from the University of Reading with a Bachelor
of Scient in Environmental Science. Mr. Khurshid was voted by financial news as one of the top 40 under 40 in European trading and
technology (2014) and ranked in the Exchange invest Top 1000 most influential people in global financial markets in 2017. 

Nicholas
Gregory is a digital currencies entrepreneur, software engineer and has been involved with Bitcoin since 2012. Providing start-up
support, Nicholas co-authored BIP175 of the bitcoin specification and has been instrumental in designing bitcoin protocols such as MainStay
and Lawyer 2 Solutions. He has had leadership positions, building talented teams, in multiple Wall Street Investment banks. Nicholas
developed many systems and programmes for a variety of companies and industries throughout his career, including Verizon, Capgemini,
Merrill Lynch and JP Morgan. He delivered the first Swiss-regulated gold-back token for DGLD and has provided enterprise bitcoin integration
on cloud storage systems such as Google Drive and Dropbox. Nicholas is CEO of CommerceBlock and has been quoted in many major publications
regarding digitalcurrencies and advisory work for government trade bodies. 

58 

Brian
Schwieger holds a number of non-executive director and consulting roles after 30 years in commodity and financial markets, including
to Redburn Europe Ltd and as senior advisor to McKinsey Company. In his eight years at London Stock Exchange Group, Brian was responsible
for the Equity markets in London and Milan as well as co-head of ETF and Fixed Income markets in London. He was also a non-executive
director of MTS, a leading European fixed income trading platform. Brian was previously a Managing Director at Bank of America Merrill
Lynch where he helped to build and market their European electronic trading platform. Earlier he held positions at Morgan Stanley (UK
Market Maker, European Portfolio Trader, Electronic Trading Business Development) and as a trader of propane and butane cargoes for BP
and Continental Grain. Pre-university education was in the US, Germany, Australia and UK. Brian has a BSc (Econ) from the London School
of Economics and a Master s degree in Finance from London Business School. 

Dan
Marcus is CEO of MarcX Limited, an advisory company specialising in financial market infrastructure and associated products and services.
Dan advises on business strategy, corporate structure, regulatory policy and legal issues. Previously Dan was Co-Head of Tradition UK
Managed Business, CEO, ParFX and Trad-X and Global Head of Strategy and Business Development, Tradition. Dan was responsible for the
development and implementation of strategic initiatives on a global basis, including planning for global regulatory change. He is a qualified
lawyer and joined Tradition in 2007 as General Counsel and has a wealth of experience in both business and legal roles within the financial
markets, including with the London Stock Exchange. Dan was Tradition s primary external representative and still sits on multiple
advisory boards and committees. He was instrumental in the creation of the ICE Swap Rate and the successor for LIBOR Term SONIA
in partnership with the industry. Dan has written Tradition s submissions to industry wide consultations as well various publication
and books and has appeared as a subject matter expert on television multiple times. 

Board
of Directors 

Directors
on our Board of Directors are elected for one-year terms and serve until the next annual security holders meeting or until their
death, resignation, retirement, removal, disqualification, or until a successor has been elected and qualified. All officers are appointed
annually by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. Currently, each director receives annual compensation of
 20,000 for their services on our Board. 

We
reimburse our directors for expenses incurred in connection with attending directors meetings. We will consider applying for officers
and directors liability insurance at such time when we have the resources to do so. 

59 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Concurrent
with having sufficient members and resources, our Board of Directors intends to establish an audit committee and a compensation committee.
The audit committee will review the results and scope of the audit and other services provided by the independent auditors and review
and evaluate the system of internal controls. The compensation committee will review and recommend compensation arrangements for the
officers and employees. No final determination has yet been made as to the memberships of these committees. 

As
of the date hereof, we have not established any Board committees. 

Family
Relationships 

No
family relationship exists between any director, executive officer, or any person contemplated to become such. 

Section
16(A) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our common
stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other of our equity securities.
During the year ended September 30, 2022, our officers, directors and 10 stockholders made the required filings pursuant to Section
16(a). 

Possible
Potential Conflicts 

Our
shares are quoted on OTC Pink which does not currently have any director independence requirements. 

No
member of management will be required by us to work on a full time basis. Accordingly, certain conflicts of interest may arise between
us and our officer(s) and director(s) in that they may have other business interests in the future to which they devote their attention,
and they may be expected to continue to do so although management time must also be devoted to our business. As a result, conflicts of
interest may arise that can be resolved only through their exercise of such judgment as is consistent with each officer s understanding
of his/her fiduciary duties to us. 

We
cannot provide assurances that our efforts to eliminate the potential impact of conflicts of interest will be effective. 

60 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

had any bankruptcy petition
 filed by or against any business of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy or
 within two years prior to that time; 

been convicted in a criminal
 proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

been subject to any order,
 judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities or
 banking activities; 

been found by a court of
 competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to
 have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been subject or a party
 to or any other disclosable event required by Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
currently do not have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive
Officers Compensation 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation earned by or paid to our Chief Executive Officer
and to other persons who served as executive officers as at and/or during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 or who earned compensation
exceeding 100,000 during fiscal year 2021 (the named executive officers ), for services as executive officers for the last
two fiscal years. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and principal position 
 Fiscal
 year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock
 awards 
 Option
 awards 
 Nonequity
 incentive plan compensation 
 Nonqualified
 deferred compensation earnings 
 All
 other compensation 
 Total 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 
 (i) 
 (j) 

Emil Assentato 
 2022 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 
 
 CEO 
 2021 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 20,000 

Jamal Jamie Khurshid 
 2022 
 246,868 
 - 
 - 
 207,193 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 454,061 
 
 COO 
 2021 
 43,498 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 43,498 

) Mr.
 Khurshid was appointed as our Chief Operating Officer on August 2, 2021. 

61 

Employment
Agreements 

On
September 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Consultancy Agreement with Jamal Jamie Khurshid, the Company s COO.
Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Khurshid is employed as Chief Operating Officer of the Company unless terminated pursuant to the terms
of the agreement. During the term of the agreement, Mr. Khurshid is entitled to two hundred and fifteen thousand Euro 215,000)
annually. 

In
2022, the Company entered into an amendment with Jamal Jamie Khurshid, pursuant to which the Company agreed to grant Jamal
 Jamie Khurshid stock options to acquire 3,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.09 per share. 

Option
Exercises and Stock Vested 

There
were no options exercised by our executive officers or stock vested to our executive officers during the year ended September 30, 2022. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the outstanding equity awards of our principal executive officers and principal
financial officer during the year ended September 30, 2022, and each person who served as an executive officer of the Company as of September
30, 2022: 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name and principal position 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised
 options Exercisable (#) 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised
 options Unexercisable (#) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options 
 (#) 
 Options exercise price 
 ) 
 Option expiration Date 
 Number of shares or units of stock
 that have not vested 
 (#) 
 Market value of shares or units of
 stock that have not vested 
 ) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number
 of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 (#) 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Market
 or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 ) 
 
 Emil Assentato, CEO 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Jamal Jamie Khurshid, COO 
 1,000,000 
 2,000,000 
 3,000,000 
 0.09 
 1/1/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

No
Pension Benefits 

The
Company does not maintain any plan that provides for payments or other benefits to its executive officers at, following or in connection
with retirement and including, without limitation, any tax-qualified defined benefit plans or supplemental executive retirement plans. 

62 

No
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 

The
Company does not maintain any defined contribution or other plan that provides for the deferral of compensation on a basis that is not
tax-qualified. 

Director
Compensation 

Name 
 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash 

Stock 
 Awards 

Option
 Awards 

Non-equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation 

Change
 in Pension Value and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 

All
 Other Compensation 

Total

Emil Assentato 

20,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

20,000 

Craig Marshak 

20,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

20,000 

Jamal Jamie Khurshid (1) 

246,868 

- 

207,193 

- 

- 

- 

454,061 

Nicholas Gregory (2) 

6,667 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

6,667 

Brian Schwieger (3) 

6,667 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

6,667 

Daniel Marcus (4) 

6,667 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

6,667 

(1) Mr.
 Khurshid s 2022 compensation consisted of cash of 246,868 and 900,000 options vested and valued
 at 207,193. Mr. Khurshid has been our director since April 26, 2022. 

(2) Mr.
 Gregory has been our director since May 31, 2022. 

(3) Mr.
 Schwieger has been our director since May 31, 2022. 

(4) Mr.
 Marcus has been our director since May 31, 2022. 

Agreement
with Craig Marshak 

On
August 1, 2016, Mr. Craig Marshak entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which he was appointed as our director in consideration
of an annual fee of 20,000. 

Agreement
with Emil Assentato 

On
August 1, 2016, Mr. Emil Assentato entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which he was appointed as our director in consideration
of an annual fee of 20,000. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of April 6, 2023 with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock, the sole
outstanding class of our voting securities, by (i) any person or group owning more than 5 of each class of voting securities, (ii) each
director, (iii) each executive officer, and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. As of April 6, 2023, we had 367,175,886
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

63 

Beneficial
ownership is determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power over
securities. Except in cases where community property laws apply or as indicated in the footnotes to this table, we believe that each
stockholder identified in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as beneficially
owned by the stockholder. 

Shares
of common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report
are considered outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Beneficial
 Ownership 
 
 Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Common 
 Shares 
 Percentage 
 
 Emil Assentato
 (1) 
 211,224,411 
 57.4 
 
 Craig Marshak 
 482,080 

Jamal Jamie 
 Khurshid 
 46,932,826 
 12.7 
 
 Nicholas Gregory 
 2,551,560 

Daniel Marcus 
 - 
 - 
 
 Brian Schwieger 
 - 
 - 
 
 All officers
 and directors as a group (6 persons) 
 261,190,877 
 70.9 

Officer and/or director
 of our company 

Less than 1 
 
 (1) 
 Represent 211,224,411 shares
 owned by Global Elite Holdings Ltd. which is wholly-owned by an entity that is majority-owned by Emil Assentato, our CEO, CFO and
 Chairman. 

Except
as otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Nukkleus Inc., 525 Washington Blvd., Jersey City 07310. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Services
provided by related parties 

From time to time, Oliver Worsley, a shareholder
of the Company, provides consulting services to the Company. As compensation for professional services provided, the Company recognized
consulting expenses of 45,310 and 0 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which have been included in professional
fees on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the accrued
and unpaid services charge related to Oliver Worsley amounted to 16,691 and 0, respectively, which have been included in accounts payable
and accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

From time to time, Craig Vallis, chief technology
officer of DRFQ and a shareholder of the Company, provides consulting services to the Company. As compensation for professional services
provided, the Company recognized consulting expenses of 80,026 and 4,845 for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which have been included in professional fees on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

The
Company uses affiliate employees for various services such as the use of accountants to record the books and accounts of the Company
at no charge to the Company, which are considered immaterial. 

Office
space from related parties 

The Company
uses office space of affiliate companies, free of rent, which is considered immaterial. 

Revenue
from related party and cost of revenue from related party 

The
Company s general support services operate under a GSA with TCM providing personnel and technical support, marketing, accounting,
risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer care and support. The minimum monthly amount received is 1,600,000. 

The
Company s general support services operate under a GSA with FXDIRECT receiving personnel and technical support, marketing, accounting,
risk monitoring, documentation processing and customer care and support. The minimum monthly amount payable is 1,575,000. 

64 

Both
of the above entities are affiliates through common ownership. 

During
the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, general support services provided to the related party, which was recorded as revenue 
general support services - related party on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss were as follows: 

Year
 Ended September 30, 2022 
 Year
 Ended September 30, 2021 
 
 Service provided to: 

TCM 
 19,200,000 
 19,200,000 

19,200,000 
 19,200,000 

During the
years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, services received from the related party, which was recorded as cost of revenue general
support services - related party on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss were as follows: 

Year
 Ended September 30, 2022 
 Year
 Ended September 30, 2021 
 
 Service received from: 

FXDIRECT 
 18,900,000 
 18,900,000 

18,900,000 
 18,900,000 

During
the year ended September 30, 2022, Digital RFQ earned revenue from FXDD Trading in the amount of 38,112 which was included in revenue
 financial services on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Due
from affiliates 

At
September 30, 2022 and 2021, due from related parties consisted of the following: 

September
 30, 2022 
 September
 30, 2021 
 
 NUKK
 Capital ) 
 
 - 
 
 144,696 
 
 Digiclear 
 35,762 
 - 
 
 TCM 
 895,374 
 2,473,177 
 
 Total 
 931,136 
 2,617,873 

) An
 entity controlled by Emil Assentato, the Company s chief executive officer, chief financial
 officer and chairman. 

The
balance due from NUKK Capital represents the Company s prior investment in digital currency that was transferred to NUKK Capital
in March 2019. The balance due from TCM represents unsettled funds due related to the General Services Agreement and monies that the Company
paid on behalf of TCM. The balance due from Digiclear represents advances made to Digiclear. 

Management
believes that the related parties receivables are fully collectable. Therefore, no allowance for doubtful account is deemed to
be required on its due from related parties at September 30, 2022 and 2021. The Company historically has not experienced uncollectible
receivable from the related parties. 

65 

Due
to affiliates 

At
September 30, 2022 and 2021, due to related parties consisted of the following: 

September
 30, 
 2022 
 September
 30, 
 2021 
 
 Forexware
 LLC (1) 
 1,079,229 
 579,229 
 
 FXDIRECT 
 3,042,101 
 3,341,893 
 
 CMH 
 42,000 
 42,000 
 
 FXDD Trading
 (1) 
 242,113 
 294,670 
 
 Markets
 Direct Payments (1) 
 2,114 
 - 
 
 Match
 Fintech Limited (2) 
 106,506 
 - 
 
 Total 
 4,514,063 
 4,257,792 

(1) Forexware
 LLC, FXDD Trading, and Markets Direct Payments are controlled by Emil Assentato, the Company s
 chief executive officer, chief financial officer and chairman. 

(2) Match
 Fintech Limited is controlled by the Company s managers. 

The
balances of due to related parties represent expenses paid by Forexware LLC, FXDIRECT, FXDD Trading, Markets Direct Payments, and Match
Fintech Limited on behalf of the Company and advances from CMH. The balance due to FXDIRECT may also include unsettled funds due related
to the General Service Agreement. 

The
related parties payables are short-term in nature, non-interest bearing, unsecured and repayable on demand. 

Customer
digital currency assets and liabilities related party 

At September
30, 2022 and 2021, FXDD Trading s digital currency, which was controlled by Digital RFQ, amounted to 248,214 and 1,168,349, respectively,
which was included in customer digital currency assets and liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Note
receivable related party 

The
Company originated a note receivable to its shareholder in the principal amount of 35,000 on September 1, 2022. The note shall become
mature with respect to 17,500 on March 1, 2023 and with respect to 17,500 on September 1, 2023. The note bears a fixed interest rate
of 5.0 per annum. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2022, the interest income related to this note amounted to 159 and has been included in other income on
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

As
of September 30, 2022, the outstanding interest balance related to this note was 159 and was included in other current assets on the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Jacobi
transaction 

On
October 20, 2021, the Company and the shareholders (the Original Jacobi Shareholders of Jacobi Asset Management Holdings
Limited Jacobi ), including entities of which Jamal Khurshid and Nicholas Gregory, respectively, are the beneficial owner,
entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Jacobi Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire 5.0 
of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Jacobi in consideration of 20,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company (the Jacobi
Transaction ). On December 15, 2021, the Company, the Original Jacobi Shareholders and shareholders of Jacobi that were assigned
their interest in Jacobi by the Original Shareholders (the New Jacobi Shareholders ), including entities of which Mr. Khurshid
and Mr. Gregory, respectively, are the beneficial owners, entered into an Amendment to the Jacobi Agreement agreeing that the Jacobi
Transaction would be entered between the Company and the New Jacobi Shareholders. The Jacobi Transaction closed on December 15,
2021. The 20,000,000 shares were valued at 6,602,000, the fair market value on the grant date using the reported closing share price
of the Company on the date of grant, and the Company recorded cost method investment of 6,602,000. Jacobi is a company focused on digital
asset management that has received regulatory approval to launch the world s first tier one Bitcoin ETF. The transactions contemplated
by the Jacobi Agreement constituted a related-party transaction as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K because of
Mr. Khurshid s and Mr. Gregory s position as beneficial owner of one or more Original Shareholders and New Jacobi Shareholders. 

66 

Letter
agreement with ClearThink 

Nukkleus
is party to a letter agreement with ClearThink dated as of November 22, 2021, pursuant to which ClearThink was engaged by Nukkleus
in connection with the Business Combination. 

Craig
Marshak, a member of the Board of Directors of Nukkleus, is a managing director of ClearThink, a transaction advisory firm. ClearThink
has been engaged by Nukkleus to serve as the exclusive transactional financial advisor, and finder with respect to the Business Combination,
to advise Nukkleus with respect to the Business Combination. As of the date of this annual report re-issuance Nukkleus has paid ClearThink
 140,000 and upon closing of the Business Combination Nukkleus is obligated to pay ClearThink 1.2 of the total transaction value plus
reimbursable expenses less the 140,000 paid to ClearThink as of the date of this annual report re-issuance. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors currently consists of six members. Our board of directors has determined that Nicolas Gregory, Daniel Marcus and Brian
Schwieger, qualify as independent directors in accordance with the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq listing requirements.
Mr. Emil Assentato, Mr. Craig Marshak and Mr. Jamal Jamie Khurshid are not considered independent. Nasdaq s independence
definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three (3) years, one
of our employees and that neither the director nor any of his or her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings
with us. In addition, as required by Nasdaq rules, our board of directors has made a subjective determination as to each independent
director that no relationships exist that, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. In making these determinations, our board of directors reviewed and discussed
information provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships
as they may relate to us and our management. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

We
do not have an audit committee. Our Board of Directors pre-approves all services, including both audit and non-audit services, provided
by our independent accountants. For audit services, each year the independent auditor provides our board of directors with an engagement
letter outlining the scope of the audit services proposed to be performed during the year, which must be formally accepted by the board
of directors before the audit commences. 

The
independent auditor also submits an audit services fee proposal, which also must be approved by the board of directors before the audit
commences. 

67 

Rotenberg
Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. Rotenberg served as our independent auditor for the year ended September
30, 2021. Effective February 1, 2022, Rotenberg combined with Marcum LLP. Rotenberg continued to
operate as an independent registered public accounting firm as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Marcum LLP. Rotenberg continued to serve
as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm through the filing of the Company s Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended March 31, 2022. On July 26, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the engagement of Marcum LLP to serve
as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2022. The following table
sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants for each of our last two fiscal years for the categories of services
indicated. 

Year
 Ended September 30, 2022 
 Year
 Ended September 30, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 289,914 
 102,500 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 25,221 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 11,200 
 5,500 
 
 All
 Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 3 26,335 
 108,000 

Audit
fees. Consists of fees billed for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our Form 10-K, review of our interim financial
statements included in our Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related
fees. Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees , review of our Forms 8-K filings and services that are
normally provided by the accountant in connection with non-year-end statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Tax
fees. Consists of professional services rendered by our accountants for tax compliance, tax advice, tax planning and the preparation
of income tax returns. 

Other
fees. The services provided by our accountants within this category consisted of advice and other services relating to SEC matters,
registration statement review, accounting issues and client conferences. 

68 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

The
following exhibits are incorporated into this Form 10-K Annual Report: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of February 22, 2022 by and among Nukkleus Inc. and Brilliant Acquisition Corporation (11) 

2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 21, 2022 by and among Nukkleus Inc. and Brilliant Acquisition Corporation (13) 

2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of September 28, 2022 by and among Nukkleus Inc. and Brilliant Acquisition Corporation (14) 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation filed June 3, 2016 (2) 

3.2 
 
 Statement of Designation, Powers, Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock (2) 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of Nukkleus Inc. (3) 

4.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Nukkleus Inc. and Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Limited dated June 3, 2016 (2) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated May 24, 2016, by and between Nukkleus Inc., its majority shareholder Charms Investments Ltd., and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Nukkleus Limited and Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Limited (1) 

10.2 
 
 General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FML Malta Limited dated May 24, 2016 (4) 

10.3 
 
 General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FXDirectDealer LLC dated May 24, 2016 (1) 

10.4 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated May 27, 2016 among Nukkleus Inc., IBIH Limited, the shareholders of IBIH Limited and Currency Mountain Holdings LLC (2) 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated June 2, 2016 to the Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc., its majority shareholder Charms Investments Ltd., and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Nukkleus Limited and Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Limited (2) 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated June 3, 2016 to the General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FXDD Trading Limited (2) 

10.7 
 
 Letter Agreement between Nukkleus Inc. and IBIH Limited dated June 3, 2016 (2) 

10.8 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc. and Craig Marshak dated August 1, 2016 (3) 

10.9 
 
 Amendment dated October 17, 2017 of that certain General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FML Malta Limited (5) 

10.10 
 
 Amendment dated October 17, 2017 of that certain General Service Agreement between Nukkleus Limited and FXDirectDealer LLC (5) 

69 

10.11 
 
 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release between Nukkleus Inc., IBIH Limited, Terra (FX) Offshore Limited, Ludico Investments Limited, Currency Mountain Holdings LLC and the IBIH Shareholders dated November 17, 2017 (6) 

10.12 
 
 Letter Agreement entered between FML Malta Ltd., FXDD Malta Limited and Nukkleus Limited (7) 

10.13 
 
 Stock Redemption Agreement dated February 13, 2018 between Nukkleus Inc. and Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda, Limited (8) 

10.14 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc. and Michael Stephen Greenacre, Nicholas Aaron Gregory, Jamal Khurshid, Travers David Lee, Azam Shah, Craig Iain Vallis, Bertram Bartholomew Worsley and Oliver James Worsley dated May 24, 2021 (9) 

10.15 
 
 Stock Option Exercise Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc. and Michael Stephen Greenacre, Nicholas Aaron Gregory, Jamal Khurshid, Travers David Lee, Azam Shah, Craig Iain Vallis, Bertram Bartholomew Worsley and Oliver James Worsley dated August 30, 2021 (10) 

10.16 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc. and White Lion Capital LLC dated as of May 17, 2022 (12) 

10.17 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc. and White Lion Capital LLC dated as of May 17, 2022 (12) 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive and Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive and Financial Officer 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 along with this document 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on May 31, 2016. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on June 3, 2016. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on October 25, 2016. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on October 19, 2017. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on December 5, 2017. 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10K Annual Report filed with the SEC on December 27, 2017. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 10Q Quarterly Report filed with the SEC on February 13, 2018. 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference
 to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on May 29, 2021. 

(10) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021. 

(11) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022. 

(12) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on May 19, 2022. 

(13) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on September 22, 2022. 

(14) Incorporated
 by reference to the Form 8K Current Report filed with the SEC on September 28, 2022. 

70 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

NUKKLEUS INC. 

Dated: April 7, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Emil Assentato 

Emil Assentato 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and 
 Accounting Officer) and Chairman 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Emil Assentato 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), 
 
 April 7, 2023 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) and Chairman 

/s/ Craig Marshak 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

/s/ Jamal Jamie Khurshid 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

/s/ Nicholas Gregory 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

/s/ Daniel Marcus 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

/s/ Brian Schwieger 
 
 Director 
 
 April 7, 2023 

71 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_nukkleusinc.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 

The following summary, which
includes applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), describes material provisions
of the capital stock of Nukkleus Inc. we , us or the Company and is intended
as a summary only and therefore is not a complete description of our capital stock. The description of our capital stock and provisions
of our certificate of incorporation, as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws, (the Bylaws ),
are summaries and are qualified entirely by reference to the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, which are included as exhibits to
our Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part. You should review these documents for a description of the rights,
restrictions and obligations relating to our capital stock. 

General 

We have one class of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which is our common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
authorizes us to issue up to 914,800,000 shares of capital stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of which (i) 900,000,000 shares are designated
as common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and (ii) 14,800,000 shares are designated as preferred stock, which includes 200,000 shares
that have been designated as Series A Redeemable Preferred Stock, the terms of which are to be determined, from time to time, by our
board of directors. 

Common Stock 

Dividends. 

The holders of our common
stock are entitled to receive, ratably, out of the funds legally available, any dividends only if, and as declared by our board of directors,
or a duly authorized committee of our board of directors, subject to any preferential dividend or other rights of the then outstanding
preferred stock. 

Voting Rights. 

Each share of common stock
entitles the holders of our common stock to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote by our stockholders, including the election
of directors; provided, that, unless otherwise required by law, holders of our common stock are not entitled to vote on any amendment
to our Certificate of Incorporation (or on any amendment to a certificate of designations of any series of undesignated preferred stock)
that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of our preferred stock, if the holders of such affected series are
entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to our
Certificate of Incorporation. Holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 

Rights Upon Liquidation
and Dissolution. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive, ratably, the net assets of the Company
available for distribution to our stockholders after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential or
other rights of any then outstanding preferred stock. 

Other Rights. 

Holders of our common stock
have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of common stock are
subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that we may designate
and issue in the future. 

Preferred Stock 

In accordance with our Certificate
of Incorporation, our board of directors is authorized to direct us to issue shares of undesignated preferred stock in one or more series
without stockholder approval. Our board of directors has the discretion to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions,
including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, repurchase rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of
each series of preferred stock. 

The purpose of authorizing
our board of directors to issue preferred stock and determine its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder
vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, future
financings and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or could discourage
a third-party from seeking to acquire, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 

Effects of Authorized but Unissued Stock 

Our authorized but unissued
shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval. These additional shares may
be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued
and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could make it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means
of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. In addition, if we issue preferred stock in the future, the issuance could adversely
affect the voting power of holders of our common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments
upon liquidation. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

The DGCL, our Certificate
of Incorporation and our Bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from
acquiring control of us. The purpose of these provisions, which are summarized below, is to discourage coercive takeover practices and
inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate
with our board of directors. 

Special Meetings. Except
as otherwise required by statute and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any series of our undesignated preferred stock,
special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution approved by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the Directors then in office. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at any meeting of the stockholders
will be determined by a presiding officer designated by our board of directors. 

Removal
of Directors. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our directors may be removed only by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors. 

2 

Stockholder Action by
Written Consent. Any action that is permitted to be taken by our stockholders by written consent without a meeting must first
satisfy the requirements and procedures set forth in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws. 

Advance Notice Requirements
for Stockholder Proposals. Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an
annual meeting of stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors. Stockholders at an annual
meeting are only able to consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the
direction of our board of directors or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting who is entitled to vote at the meeting
and who has delivered timely written notice in proper form to our secretary of the stockholder s intention to bring such business
before the meeting. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting stockholder actions that are
favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares entitled to vote. 

Delaware Business Combination
Statute. We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 of the DGCL prevents a publicly
held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder for three
(3) years following the date that the person became an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained such status
with the approval of our board of directors or unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination 
includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving us and the interested stockholder and the sale of more
than ten percent (10 of our assets. In general, an interested stockholder is any entity or person beneficially owning
fifteen percent (15 or more of our outstanding voting stock and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by
such entity or person. 

Amendment of Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws. The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote
on any matter is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation or by-laws, unless a corporation s certificate
of incorporation or by-laws, as the case may be, requires a greater percentage. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent for our common stock is Issuer Direct Corporation, 500 Perimeter Park Drive, Suite D, Morrisville, NC 27560, telephone:
(919) 481-4000. 

Listing 

Our common stock trades on
the OTC Markets under the symbol NUKK . 

3 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_nukkleusinc.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries: 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 Ownership 
 
 Nukkleus Limited 
 
 Bermuda 
 
 100 by Nukkleus, Inc. 
 
 Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd. 
 
 Malta 
 
 100 by Nukkleus, Inc. 
 
 Markets
 Direct Technology Group Ltd., formerly known as Nukkleus Exchange Malta Ltd. 
 
 Malta 
 
 100 owned by Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd., a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Nukkleus, Inc. 
 
 Nukkleus Payments Malta Ltd. 
 
 Malta 
 
 100 owned by Nukkleus Malta Holding Ltd., a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Nukkleus, Inc. 
 
 Match Financial Ltd. 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 100 by Nukkleus, Inc. 
 
 Digital RFQ Ltd. 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 100 by Match Financial Ltd. 
 
 DRFQ Payments Ltd. 
 
 England and Wales 
 
 100 by Match Financial Ltd. 
 
 DRFQ Europe UAB 
 
 Lithuania 
 
 100 by Digital RFQ Ltd. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_nukkleusinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE
AND FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Emil Assentato, CEO and CFO of Nukkleus Inc.,
certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Form 10-K Annual Report of Nukkleus Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. As
sole executive officer of the Registrant, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. As
sole executive officer of the Registrant, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 /s/ Emil Assentato 

Emil Assentato 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer)
 and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_nukkleusinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, the Chief Executive and Financial
Officer of Nukkleus Inc (the Company ), certifies that, to his knowledge: 

1. The
report of the Company for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on this
date (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

Date: April 7, 2023 
 /s/ Emil Assentato 

Emil Assentato 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) and 
Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nukk-20220930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nukk-20220930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nukk-20220930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nukk-20220930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nukk-20220930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

