<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230404_10-K_edgar_data_1828608_0001213900-23-026576.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4936092</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>436707</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>982284</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1010070</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1239690</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1141683</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-026576.hdr.sgml : 20230404
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230403194404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-026576
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230403

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Compute Health Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001828608
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40001
		FILM NUMBER:		23794633

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1105 NORTH MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19890
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 829-3500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1105 NORTH MARKET STREET
		STREET 2:		4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19890

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-026576.txt : 20230404

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_compute.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 
 
 , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant CPUH.U New York Stock Exchange Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 CPUH WS New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the Registrant s
Class A common stock outstanding, other than stock held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, computed as of June
30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately . 

As of April 3, 2023, there were shares
of the Registrant s Class A common stock and shares of the Registrant s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, issued and outstanding. 

COMPUTE HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I. 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 
 Business. 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1.A. 
 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 7 
 
 Item 1.B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 43 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties. 
 
 43 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 43 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 43 
 
 PART II. 
 
 44 
 
 Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 44 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved]. 
 
 45 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 45 
 
 Item 7.A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 
 
 54 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9.A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9.B. 
 
 Other Information. 
 
 55 
 
 Item 9.C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection. 
 
 55 
 
 PART III. 
 
 56 
 
 Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 56 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 63 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 63 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 64 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 66 
 
 PART IV. 
 
 67 
 
 Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 67 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 68 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
AND RISK FACTOR 
SUMMARY 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements
that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our financial position, business strategy and
the plans and objectives of management for future operations, including with respect to our recently announced proposed Business Combination
with Allurion (as defined below). These statements constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words anticipate, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predict, project, should, will, 
 would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that
a statement is not forward-looking. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

our
 being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues; 

our
 ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our
 ability to complete our initial Business Combination (as defined below), including our recently
 announced proposed Business Combination with Allurion; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses, including
 Allurion Technologies, Inc.; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial Business Combination; 

our
 directors and officers allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination; 

the
 ability of our directors and officers to generate a number of potential Business Combination
 opportunities; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from
 the COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, global hostilities, natural
 disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from
 interest income on the Trust Account balance; 

the
 Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; 

our
 financial performance; and 

the
 other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission (the SEC ), including in our preliminary prospectus/proxy statement
 to be included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that we will file with the SEC relating
 to our proposed business combination with Allurion (the Allurion Disclosure Statement ). 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

PART
I. 

References in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report to we, us, our or the Company 
are to Compute Health Acquisition Corp., a Delaware blank check company incorporated in Delaware. References to our management 
or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Compute
Health Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our initial stockholders refer to our Sponsor and
each of our independent directors. 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in Delaware on October 7, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). While
we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry or sector, we are focusing on opportunities that are emerging at the intersection
of computation and healthcare. Our sponsor is Compute Health Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). 

Our registration statement
for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering became effective on February 4, 2021. On February 9, 2021,
we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 86,250,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock
included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ), including 11,250,000 over-allotment Units to cover over-allotments (the
 Over-Allotment Units ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 862.5 million, and incurring offering costs of
approximately 48.4 million, of which approximately 30.2 million was for deferred underwriting commissions, which has been waived. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement (the Private Placement of 12,833,333 Private Placement
Warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price
of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to our Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 19.3 million. 

Upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement, 862.5 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain
of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having
a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of
a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

Our management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial Business
Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed
to management for working capital purposes, if permitted) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination.
However, we only intend to complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued
and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
required to register as an investment company under Investment Company Act. 

We intend to complete our
initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We have not engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until
we complete a Business Combination, and we have not generated any operating revenue to date. We will not generate any operating revenues
until after completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. Our entire activity from inception through December 31, 2022
related to our formation, the preparation for the Initial Public Offering, and following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the
search for a prospective initial Business Combination. Based on our business activities, we are a shell company as defined
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), because we have no operations and nominal assets
consisting almost entirely of cash. 

1 

We will provide the holders
of our Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon
the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for
a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (approximately 10.00 per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed
to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions, which has been waived. 

If we are unable to complete
a Business Combination within 30 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or August 9, 2023 (which was extended from February
9, 2023 by vote of our stockholders) (the Combination Period and our stockholders have not amended the amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to further extend such Combination Period (an Extension Period ), we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

Proposed Allurion Business Combination 

On February 9, 2023,
we entered into a business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with Compute Health Corp., a Delaware
corporation and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of us Merger Sub I ), Compute Health LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of us Merger Sub II and, together with Merger Sub I, the Merger Subs ),
Allurion Technologies Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Allurion (as defined below) Pubco ),
and Allurion Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation Allurion and, collectively with the Company, the Merger Subs and
Pubco, the Parties ). 

Pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, the business combination will be effected in
three steps: (a) we will merge with and into Pubco (the CPUH Merger, the closing of the CPUH Merger, the CPUH Merger
Closing and the time at which the CPUH Merger becomes effective, the CPUH Merger Effective Time ), with Pubco surviving
(Pubco, in its capacity as the surviving company in the CPUH Merger, the Surviving Corporation and, after giving effect
to such merger, becoming the publicly-listed company and the sole owner of each Merger Sub, (b) at least three (3) hours following the
consummation of the CPUH Merger, Merger Sub I will merge with and into Allurion (the Intermediate Merger, the closing of
the Intermediate Merger, the Intermediate Merger Closing and the time at which the Intermediate Merger becomes effective,
the Intermediate Merger Effective Time ), with Allurion surviving as the surviving company in the Intermediate Merger (Allurion,
in its capacity as the surviving company in the Intermediate Merger, the Intermediate Surviving Corporation and, after
giving effect to such merger, becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Surviving Corporation and (c) thereafter, the Intermediate Surviving
Corporation will merge with and into Merger Sub II (the Final Merger, and the time at which the Final Merger becomes effective,
the Final Merger Effective Time (the Final Merger, collectively with the CPUH Merger and the Intermediate Merger, the Mergers 
and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and the Ancillary Documents (as defined in
the Business Combination Agreement), the Proposed Transactions ), with Merger Sub II surviving as the surviving company in
the Final Merger (Merger Sub II, in its capacity as the surviving company of the Final Merger, the Surviving Subsidiary Company and, after giving effect to such merger, remaining a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Surviving Corporation. 

2 

In connection with the
execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Pubco entered into Subscription Agreements with certain accredited investors
or qualified institutional buyers (collectively, the Subscription Investors concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement on February 9, 2023. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the Subscription Investors agreed to subscribe for
and purchase, and Pubco agreed to issue and sell, to the Subscription Investors an aggregate of 5,386,695 shares of Pubco common stock
for a purchase price of 7.04 per share, or an aggregate of approximately 37.9 million, in a private placement. 

For more information about
the Business Combination Agreement and the proposed Allurion Business Combination, see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on February 9, 2023 and the Allurion Disclosure Statement that we will file with the SEC. Unless specifically stated, this Annual Report
does not give effect to the proposed Allurion Business Combination and does not contain the risks associated with the proposed Allurion
Business Combination. Such risks and effects relating to the proposed Allurion Business Combination will be included in the Allurion Disclosure
Statement. 

Effecting a Business Combination 

Our Business Strategy 

The past few years have seen
the doubling of computational power at a rate significantly faster than Moore s Law. Concurrently, technological devices have steadily
progressed to incorporate a growing component of data analytics at their core, with computational capabilities increasingly shifting from
the cloud to the edge. While edge devices used to mostly collect and send data to the cloud for further processing and analysis
and thus play a limited role in the computational process, these devices increasingly incorporate data analysis capabilities at the source,
removing any network latency and allowing for faster response times and real-time action. It is, however, an endless cycle 
with sophisticated algorithms having access to even more data being developed in the cloud. 

We believe that medical devices
have remained largely insulated from these two converging trends, driven by the relative lack of knowledge and capabilities to bridge
technological progress and medical applications, despite healthcare data now representing approximately 5 of all the data in the world.
For example, while a computed tomography, or CT, image may require 10 to 20 minutes for an expert to read it, we believe that an algorithm
could currently read the same image in under a minute, with the likelihood to significantly improve in line with more powerful computational
power. This increase in computational power in healthcare is estimated to have the potential to save 300 billion dollars solely in the
United States, and AI alone is expected to represent an approximately 45 billion market within healthcare by 2026, an increase from approximately
 4.9 billion in 2020, representing approximately 45 growth per annum over a 6-year period. 

We believe that while mature
players within healthcare are only catching on to the possibilities offered by computational progress, earlier-stage, more nimble companies
lack the capabilities, financing and velocity to tackle this technological opportunity at scale. We believe that the experience and expertise
of our founders across medical and technological innovations will allow us to bridge both worlds and further accelerate the computational
opportunity within healthcare. Further, we believe that our management team s experience combined with the opportunity that lies
at the intersection of computation and healthcare may generate substantial returns over time. 

We are focusing on healthcare
businesses that are already leveraging or have the potential to leverage computational power, with an emphasis on companies in the medical
device space, including imaging and robotics. We are also interested in companies operating in the virtual care space, including telehealth,
care delivery and next-generation payor and provider models. We believe that our knowledge, experience and expertise will add significant
value to this space. However, our efforts to identify a prospective initial Business Combination target will not be limited to a particular
industry, sector or geographic region. 

3 

Our founders possess a strong
combination of executive, strategic, operational, financial and transactional experience in these sectors, and have demonstrated a strong
track record of creating significant shareholder value at medical device companies at the forefront of technological advancement, such
as Medtronic plc, or a subsidiary thereof, Medtronic ), Digital Surgery Limited Digital Surgery and GE Healthcare
Systems. We believe that the experience and expertise of our founders will make us an attractive partner to potential target businesses
and bring value through their ability to: 

bring
 credibility and access to the global provider and payer network; 

contribute
 experience and knowledge around specific healthcare needs and workflows within defined medical
 specialties; 

create
 commercial relationships with key healthcare players; 

provide
 deep insight into the future of technology and healthcare, and identify the players who are
 best positioned to transform the landscape at the intersection of computation and healthcare; 

implement,
 where needed, and/or accelerate the scaling of technological innovation, leveraging computation,
 data and AI; 

identify
 and implement underexploited computational improvement opportunities to reshape the growth
 trajectory; and 

provide
 access to capital and other resources through longstanding relationships with the global
 business and finance community. 

When assessing targets, our
selection process will capitalize on our founders extensive network of relationships, technological expertise, deep industry knowledge,
acquisition experience and deal sourcing capabilities to access a broad spectrum of opportunities. More specifically, when searching for
acquisition opportunities our founders will rely upon the following key strengths: 

deep
 and broad network of relationships with chief executive officers, founders, family owners
 and private equity sponsors to create a significant pipeline of opportunities; 

extensive
 experience in sourcing, structuring, assessing, acquiring, operating, developing, growing,
 financing and selling businesses; 

ability
 to identify private businesses at the intersection of computation and healthcare that we
 believe will be well received in the public markets based on deep understanding of public
 market performance and requirements; 

significant
 M A experience, including in consummating transactions at attractive valuations across
 a wide range of product categories; and 

history
 of serving on public company boards and leading public companies to effect change. 

In addition to our own sourcing
and evaluation capabilities, we have built a board of directors that comprises other leading executives who we expect will deepen our
expertise and broaden our network of relationships. 

Following the completion
of the Initial Public Offering, we communicated with our global network of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for
a potential Business Combination and began the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities. 

4 

Business Combination Criteria 

Consistent with our business
strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target
businesses. We use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial
Business Combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. We intend to acquire a company that we believe: 

lies
 at the intersection of computation and healthcare, leveraging the power of technological
 innovation to provide improved efficiency and outcomes, better access to healthcare, and/or
 streamlines the healthcare pathway; 

approaches
 the marketplace with a computational angle, and/or has the potential to benefit and grow
 through integrating AI; 

has
 the potential for a leading position in an attractive segment, with market growth potential
 in the hospital and community setting; 

possesses
 technological and scientific differentiation with scale potential, offering competitive advantages
 in the markets in which it operates and which can benefit from access to additional capital
 as well as our industry relationships and expertise; 

exhibits
 significant long-term growth prospects, with multiple, diverse drivers of those growth prospects; 

offers
 the opportunity for our management team to partner with established leadership teams or business
 owners to achieve long-term strategic and operational excellence; 

offers
 the potential for an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders; and 

can
 benefit from being, and is prepared to be, a publicly owned company with access to broader
 capital markets to help achieve our business strategy and capital structure needs. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant,
on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event
that we decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines,
we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial Business
Combination, which would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

In addition to any potential
business candidates we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates will be brought to our attention from
various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to
divest non-core assets or divisions. 

Additional Disclosures 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review, which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings
with members of the target s management and other employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection
of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will call upon Dr. Ishrak, Dr. Nehm 
and Mr. Fink s extensive experience, as well as their network of relationships with chief executive officers, board members and
members of executive management teams to provide specialized insights into their areas of expertise as well as leverage their operational
and capital planning experience. 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek
to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, will obtain an opinion that our initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
view from either an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm. 

5 

Members of our management
team will directly or indirectly own Founder Shares (as defined below) and/or Private Placement Warrants following the Initial Public
Offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included
by a target business as a condition to our initial Business Combination. 

Each of our officers and
directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one
or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity
to such entities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable
for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations
and duties to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject
the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. For more information, see the section entitled Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest. 

We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our Business
Combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. 

While we pursue an acquisition
opportunity in any industry or sector, we are focusing on healthcare businesses that are already leveraging or have the potential to leverage
computation power, with an emphasis on companies in the medical device space, including imaging and robotics, and companies operating
in the virtual care space, including telehealth, care delivery and next-generation payor and provider models. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our Business Combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses
seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting Business
Combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other
resources than we do. Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for Business Combination targets has increased compared
to recent years and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing
Business Combinations. If the proposed Allurion Business Combination is not consummated, our ability to acquire target businesses will
be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation may give others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of
a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our Public Stockholders who exercise their redemption rights
may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they
potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial Business Combination. 

Human Capital 

We currently have two officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they
deem necessary to our affairs and will continue to do so until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time
they will devote in any time period will vary based on the status of the proposed Allurion Business Combination and, if the proposed Allurion
Business Combination is not consummated, whether a different target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination and
the stage of the initial Business Combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion
of our initial Business Combination. 

6 

Item 1.A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If
any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that
event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe
are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. For
risk factors related to the proposed Allurion Business Combination, see the Risk Factors section of the Allurion Disclosure
Statement that we will file with the SEC. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial
condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline,
and you could lose all or part of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

We
 have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our
 ability to achieve our business objective. 

Past
 performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of
 future performance of an investment in us. 

Our
 shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial Business
 Combination, which means we may complete our initial Business Combination even though a majority
 of our shareholders do not support such a combination. 

Your
 only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination
 may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor and members
 of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial Business Combination,
 regardless of how our Public Shareholders vote. 

The
 ability of our Public Stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial
 condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets, which may make it difficult
 for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. 

The
 ability of our Public Stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Business Combination
 or optimize our capital structure. 

The
 ability of our Public Stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large
 number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial Business Combination
 would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
 your shares. 

The
 requirement that we consummate an initial Business Combination within 30 months after the
 closing of the Initial Public Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over
 us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct
 due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our
 dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial Business
 Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. 

7 

Our
 search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate
 a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and
 the status of debt and equity markets. 

One
 of our Co-Chief Executive Officers, Jean Nehm , is party to a non-competition agreement
 that could limit the companies and businesses that we may target for an initial Business
 Combination. This could negatively impact our prospects for an initial Business Combination. 

We
 may not be able to consummate an initial Business Combination within 30 months after the
 closing of the Initial Public Offering, in which case we would cease all operations except
 for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors,
 executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase Public Shares or
 warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public
 float of our shares of Class A common stock or public warrants. 

If
 a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection
 with our initial Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
 its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain
 limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell
 your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

NYSE
 may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors 
 ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

You
 will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check
 companies. 

If
 we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions
 pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are
 deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our shares of Class A common stock, you will lose the
 ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our shares of Class A common stock. 

Because
 of our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities,
 it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we have
 not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public
 shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances,
 on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If
 the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
 not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 30 months
 following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, it could limit the amount available
 to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial
 Business Combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members
 of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial Business Combination. 

The
 other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this
 Annual Report. 

8 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation
of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

Our Public Stockholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our Business Combination, which means we may complete our initial Business Combination even though a majority
of our Public Stockholders do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a stockholder
vote to approve our initial Business Combination unless the Business Combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law
or stock exchange rules or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the rules of The New York
Stock Exchange NYSE currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting, but would still require
us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business
as consideration in any Business Combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a Business Combination that required us to issue more
than 20 of our issued and outstanding shares, we would seek stockholder approval of such Business Combination. However, except as required
by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination
or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek
stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of the issued and
outstanding shares of common stock do not approve of the Business Combination we consummate. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
Business Combination, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their shares in favor of such initial Business Combination,
regardless of how our Public Stockholders vote. 

Our Sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. As a
result, (i) assuming that all shares are voting together as a single class, in addition to their Founder Shares, we would not need any
(assuming all outstanding shares are voted) of the 9,213,194 currently outstanding Public Shares to be voted in favor of a transaction
in order to have our initial Business Combination approved and (ii) assuming that the shares of Class A common stock vote as a single
class, we would need 4,606,598 (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) of the 9,213,194 currently outstanding Public Shares to be
voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial Business Combination approved. In addition, Medtronic currently owns 1,500,000
Public Shares. If it were to vote those Public Shares in favor of our initial Business Combination, then, if the shares of Class A common
stock were to vote as a single class, we would need only 3,106,598 Public Shares in addition to the Public Shares held by Medtronic, or
33.7 of the 9,213,194 currently outstanding Public Shares, to be voted in favor of our initial Business Combination in order to have
our initial Business Combination approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of
our initial Business Combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if
our Sponsor, officers and directors agreed to vote their Founder Shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our Public
Stockholders. 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential Business Combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
unless we seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination. 

Since our board of directors
may complete a Business Combination without seeking stockholder approval, Public Stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to
vote on the Business Combination. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights in connection with the consummation
of an initial Business Combination. 

The ability of our Public Stockholders to
redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential target businesses, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into
a Business Combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many Public Stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such
closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. Furthermore, we will only redeem our Public
Shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets, or available cash, will be, immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial Business Combination, greater than any net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial Business Combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible
assets, or available cash, immediately prior to or upon completion of our initial Business Combination to be less than the amount necessary
to satisfy a closing condition, each as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business Combination
and may instead search for an alternate Business Combination or seek to persuade stockholders to reverse their redemption requests. Prospective
targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us. 

9 

The ability of our Public Stockholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Business Combination,
if at all, or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into
an agreement for our initial Business Combination, we will not, and at the time we entered into the Business Combination Agreement, we
did not, know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on
our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial Business Combination agreement requires
us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing,
we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In
addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction
to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing
may involve dilutive equity issuances, such as the PIPE Subscription Agreement or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable
levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize
our capital structure. 

The ability of our Public Stockholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial Business Combination
would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our initial Business Combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial Business
Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If
you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade
at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment
or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open
market. 

The requirement that we complete our initial
Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business
Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential target businesses, in particular as we approach
our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value
for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business
with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must complete our initial Business Combination
within 30 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating
a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination with that particular target business, we may
be unable to complete our initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the end of
the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence. As a result, we may be forced to enter
into an agreement for an initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected had we had more time to complete a transaction.
In July 2021, the SEC charged a special purpose acquisition company for misleading disclosures, which could have been corrected with more
adequate due diligence, and obtained substantial relief against the special purpose acquisition company and its sponsor. Although we will
invest in due diligence efforts and commit management time and resources to such efforts, there can be no assurance that our due diligence
will unveil all potential issues with a target business and that we or our Sponsor will not become subject to regulatory actions related
to such efforts. 

10 

We may not be able to complete our initial
Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up
and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate, in which case our Public Stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less
than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial Business Combination within 30 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial Business Combination within such
time period. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility
in the equity and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues both in the U.S. and
globally and, while the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability
to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party
financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact businesses
we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within such time period or any Extension Period, we
will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our Public Stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, and
our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our Public Stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption
of their shares. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the
per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors in this section. 

If we are unable to complete
an initial Business Combination within the 30-month period, we may seek an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to further extend the period of time we have to complete an initial Business Combination beyond 30 months. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation requires that such an amendment be approved by holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock. 

Our search for a Business Combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic
and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has
adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, global hostilities, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other
infectious diseases) could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business
with which we consummate a Business Combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete
a Business Combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 or other events restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential
investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction
in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which
are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of and perceptions to
COVID-19 and its variants and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19
or other events (such as terrorist attacks, global hostilities, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases)
continue for a prolonged period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with
which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, our ability
to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other
events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on
terms acceptable to us or at all. 

11 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
Business Combination, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into certain transactions,
including purchasing shares or warrants from the public, which may influence the outcome of a proposed Business Combination and reduce
the public float of our securities. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase Public Shares or public
warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial Business Combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement
that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not
to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase
shares in privately negotiated transactions from Public Stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such
selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. Additionally, at any time at or prior to
our initial Business Combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our
initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide
them with incentives to acquire Public Shares, vote their Public Shares in favor of our initial Business Combination or not redeem their
Public Shares. We have currently entered into an agreement with Medtronic, Inc. Medtronic whereby Medtronic has
agreed that, in connection with our initial Business Combination, it will not redeem 700,000 of the shares Class A common stock owned
by it. The purpose of any other such transactions could be to (1) vote such shares in favor of the initial Business Combination and thereby
increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial Business Combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants
outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial Business
Combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met.
This may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice
of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the tender
offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our
compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may
not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem Public Shares. For example, if we hold a stockholder meeting to approve
a transaction, we may require our Public Stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or
hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior
to the vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the
event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 

You are not entitled to protections normally
afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

We are exempt from certain
rules promulgated by the SEC related to certain blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits
or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial Business Combination
than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering was subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the
release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released
to us in connection with our completion of an initial Business Combination. 

12 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares
sold in the Initial Public Offering, without our prior consent. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not
restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination.
Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and
you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will
not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination. And as a result,
you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your
stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Because of our limited resources and the
significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share
on our redemption of our Public Shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter intense
competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or
investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting,
directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors
possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially
acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with
respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. 

Furthermore, because we are
obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our Public Stockholders redeem in connection with our initial Business
Combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Additionally,
our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by target businesses. This may
place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating and completing an initial Business Combination. If we are unable to
complete our initial Business Combination, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our Public Stockholders may receive less than 10.00
per share upon our liquidation. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be
reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors in
this section. 

13 

Due to the number of special purpose acquisition
companies, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial Business Combination. This could increase the costs
associated with completing our initial Business Combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target for our initial
Business Combination and/or complete our initial Business Combination. 

In recent years, the number
of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into Business
Combinations with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets
for their initial Business Combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As
a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable
target for an initial Business Combination and/or complete our initial Business Combination. 

In addition, because there
are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination.
This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete
our initial Business Combination. 

If the funds not being held in the Trust
Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 30 months following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we may
be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. 

The funds available to us
outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 30 months following the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, assuming that our initial Business Combination is not completed during that time. We have incurred, and expect to incur
significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through potential loans
from certain of our affiliates are discussed in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional
financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding
our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. 

Of the funds available to
us, we could use a portion of the funds to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use
a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements
designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more
favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention
to do so. If we enter into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business
and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds
to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we have not completed our initial Business
Combination within the required time period, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain
circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See - If third parties bring claims
against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be
less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors herein. 

Changes in the market for directors and
officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination. 

Recently, the market for
directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management
team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies
have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 

The increased cost and decreased
availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete
an initial Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming
a public company, the post-Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore,
any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-Business Combination s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

14 

In addition, after completion
of any initial Business Combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to such initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the
post-Business Combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ).
The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-Business Combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than
 10.00 per share. 

Our placing of funds in the
Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities (except for our independently registered public accounting firm) with which we do business
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the
benefit of our Public Stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not
be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary
responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain
an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to
execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target
businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute
such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Our independent registered public accounting
firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, nor have the underwriters of the
Initial Public Offering. 

Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our Public Shares, if we
have not completed our initial Business Combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection
with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may
be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by Public Stockholders
could be less than the 10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Our Sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or by a prospective
target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to
below (i) 10.00 per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn
to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to
seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable
against a third party, then our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not
independently verified whether our Sponsor, has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s
only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we
believe it is unlikely our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount
per Public Share in connection with any redemption of your Public Shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

15 

Our independent directors may decide not
to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available
for distribution to our Public Stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the
Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case
net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. 

While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost
of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors
determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations,
the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our Public Stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

The securities in which we invest the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes
or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by Public Stockholders may be less
than 10.00 per share. 

The proceeds held in the
Trust Account may only be invested in direct U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market
funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive
rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest
rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in
the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which
we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination,
our Public Stockholders are entitled to receive their share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income. If the
balance of the Trust Account is reduced below 92,231,940 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the Trust Account
available for distribution to our Public Stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. Negative interest rates could also reduce
the amount of funds we have available to complete our initial Business Combination. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the Trust Account to our Public Stockholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims
of punitive damages. 

If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a liquidator could seek to
recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary
duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying Public Stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims
of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

16 

If, before distributing the proceeds in
the Trust Account to our Public Stockholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and
the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the
proceeds in the Trust Account to our Public Stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable insolvency law, and may be included
in our liquidation estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent
any liquidation claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection
with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities; 

each
of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules
 and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

I n
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must
ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities
do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our
total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and
complete a Business Combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to
buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to
be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our
anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may
only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted
to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business
plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant
bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of an initial
Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with
our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within
30 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; and (iii) absent a Business Combination, our return of the funds held in the Trust
Account to our Public Stockholders as part of our redemption of the Public Shares. Stockholders who do not exercise their rights to the
funds in connection with an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would still have rights to the funds in
connection with a subsequent Business Combination. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject
to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory
burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a Business Combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share
on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our Public Stockholders may
receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share 
and other risk factors in this section. 

17 

Changes in laws or regulations or how such
laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business,
investments and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal
requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws
and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, including as a result of changes in economic,
political, social and government policies, and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results
of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. 

On March 30, 2022, the
SEC issued proposed rules that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in business combination transactions
involving special purpose acquisition companies and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable
to business combination transactions involving such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in
SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential
liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and impact the extent to which special purpose acquisition
companies could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or
in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination
and may increase the costs and time related thereto. 

Our stockholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the Delaware General
Corporation Law DGCL ), stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent
of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our Public Stockholders upon
the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the required time period may
be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280
of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which
any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought,
and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However,
it is our intention to redeem our Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 30th month from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering (or the end of any Extension Period) in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination and, therefore,
we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for
our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our
dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers,
etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could
potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our Public
Stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the required
time period is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful,
then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful
redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

18 

We may not hold an annual stockholder meeting
until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Our Public Stockholders will not have the right to elect or remove directors
prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination. 

We may not hold an annual
meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial Business Combination (unless required by the NYSE) and thus may not be in
compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting of stockholders be held for the purposes of electing directors
in accordance with a company s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. Therefore, if our
stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of our initial Business Combination, they may attempt to force
us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Until we
hold an annual meeting of stockholders, Public Stockholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management.
In addition, prior to our Business Combination (a) as holders of our Class A common stock, our Public Stockholders will not have the right
to vote on the election of our directors and (b) holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock
may remove a member of our board of directors for any reason. 

The grant of registration rights to our
initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may
adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into in connection with the Initial Public Offering, at or after the time of our initial Business Combination,
our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their Founder Shares, after those shares
convert to shares of our Class A common stock. In addition, holders of our Private Placement Warrants and their permitted transferees
can demand that we register the resale of the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the Private Placement Warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that
we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of
registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market
may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may
make our initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may
increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market
price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our Private Placement
Warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale. 

Because we are not limited to a particular
industry, sector or geographic area nor any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial Business Combination, you will
be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

We may seek to complete our
initial Business Combination with a target business in any industry, sector or geographic area. However, we will not, under our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to complete our initial Business Combination solely with another blank check company
or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an
entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations
of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors or that
we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with
no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an
investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were
available, in a target business. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder
following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely
to have a remedy for such reduction in value, unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our
officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim
under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained
an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities in
industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. 

We will consider a Business
Combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a Business Combination candidate is presented to us and we determine
that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the
risks inherent in any particular Business Combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all
the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable
to investors in the Initial Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a Business Combination candidate.
In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise
may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant
risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial
Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for
such reduction in value. 

19 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial Business Combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter
into our initial Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination
with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination
with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination
with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights,
which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or
a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder
approval of our initial Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable
to complete our initial Business Combination, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain
circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our Public Stockholders
may receive less than 10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share 
and other risk factors in this section. 

We may seek acquisition opportunities with
an early stage company, a private company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings,
which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To the extent we complete
our initial Business Combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These
risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or
earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the
risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors and
we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with
no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We may also seek to complete our
initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and
we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination on the basis of limited information,
which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We may not obtain an opinion from an independent
valuation provider, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that our initial Business Combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our Business
Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine
fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination. 

Any due diligence in connection with an
initial Business Combination may not reveal all relevant considerations or liabilities of a target business, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The due diligence undertaken
with respect to a potential initial Business Combination may not reveal all relevant facts that may be necessary to evaluate such transaction
or to formulate a business strategy. Furthermore, the information provided during due diligence may not be adequate or accurate. As part
of the due diligence process, we will also make subjective judgments regarding the results of operations, financial condition and prospects
of a potential initial Business Combination, and these judgments may be inaccurate. 

Due diligence conducted in
connection with an initial Business Combination may not result in the initial Business Combination being successful. If the due diligence
investigation fails to identify material information regarding an opportunity, or if we consider such material risks to be commercially
acceptable relative to the opportunity, and we proceed with an initial Business Combination, our company may subsequently incur substantial
impairment charges or other losses. In addition, following an initial Business Combination, we may be subject to significant, previously
undisclosed liabilities of the acquired business that were not identified during due diligence and which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

20 

We may issue additional common stock or
preferred stock to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business
Combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than
one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 300,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
30,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 3,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per
share. As of December 31, 2022, there were 290,776,806 and 8,437,500 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class
B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved
for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding warrants or the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common
stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible
into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain
circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial Business Combination. 

We may issue a substantial
number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial Business Combination (including pursuant to a specified
future issuance) or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue shares of
Class A common stock to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time
of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Our Class B common stock shall only be convertible at the time of our initial Business Combination. However, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional
securities that would entitle the holders thereof, to (1) receive funds from the Trust Account or (2) vote as a class with our Public
Shares (a) on any initial Business Combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
The restriction on issuing additional shares of capital stock described in the prior sentence will expire upon consummation of our initial
Business Combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of public investors, which dilution would increase
 if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class
 A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights
 senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could
 cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards,
 if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A common stock and/or warrants;
 and 

may
 not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction
in connection with our initial Business Combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders or warrant holders. 

We may effect a Business
Combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is
located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction. Such transactions may result in tax liability for a stockholder or a warrant holder
in the jurisdiction in which the stockholder or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax
transparent entity), in which the target company is located, or in which we reincorporate. We do not intend to make any cash distributions
to pay such taxes. Stockholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 

Resources could be wasted in researching
acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00
per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to
complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial Business
Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable
to complete our initial Business Combination, our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our Public Stockholders may receive less than 10.00
per share on the redemption of their shares. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk
factors in this section. 

21 

We may engage in a Business Combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers
which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement
of our Sponsor directors and officers with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor,
directors and officers. Certain of our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including those
described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance-Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may
compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction
with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines
for a Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our
agreement that we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to
acquire, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more businesses affiliated
with our Sponsor, directors or officers, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination
may not be as advantageous to our Public Stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since our Sponsor, officers and directors
will lose their entire investment in us if our Business Combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. 

Our initial stockholders
hold 21,532,500 Founder Shares as of the date of this Annual Report, including 21,442,500 held by our Sponsor. The Founder Shares will
be worthless if we do not complete an initial Business Combination. In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 12,833,333 Private
Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, for a purchase
price of 19,250,000, or 1.50 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within
the allocated time period. In addition, we may obtain loans from our initial stockholders, officers, directors, or their affiliates. The
personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business
Combination, completing an initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination.
This risk may become more acute as the deadline for completing our initial Business Combination nears. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

We may choose to incur substantial
debt to complete our initial Business Combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from
the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance
of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have
a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest 

payments
 when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial
 ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on
 demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting
 our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will
 reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to
 pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate
 purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
 in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other
 purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

22 

The value of the Founder Shares following
completion of our initial Business Combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the
trading price of our shares of common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Our Sponsor has invested
in us an aggregate of 19,275,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the Founder Shares and the 19,250,000 purchase price for
the Private Placement Warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, the
21,442,500 Founder Shares held by the Sponsor would have an aggregate implied value of 214,425,000. Even if the trading price of our
shares of common stock were as low as approximately 0.8989 per share, and the Private Placement Warrants were worthless, the value of
the Founder Shares would be equal to the Sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our Sponsor is likely to be able to make
a substantial profit on its investment in us at a time when our Public Shares have lost significant value and our warrants are worthless.
Accordingly, our management team, some of whom own interests in our Sponsor, may be more willing to pursue a business combination with
a riskier or less-established target business than would be the case if our Sponsor had paid the same per share price for the Founder
Shares as our Public Stockholders paid for their Public Shares. 

We may only be able to complete one Business
Combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be
solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively
impact our operations and profitability. 

We may complete our initial
Business Combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that
present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By
completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous financial,
economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible
spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several Business Combinations
in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial Business Combination
in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business,
property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes
or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous financial, economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse
impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete
Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and
give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay
our ability, to complete our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

We may attempt to complete our initial Business
Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Business Combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our acquisition
strategy, we may seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally
exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination
on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected,
if at all. 

23 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial Business Combination with which
a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial
Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our Public Stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed
their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to
our initial stockholders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be
required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash
conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not
complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to
the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

In order to complete our initial Business
Combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or other governing instruments, including our
warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial Business Combination but that our stockholders
or warrant holders may not support. 

In order to complete a Business
Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including
their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of Business Combination, increased redemption
thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial Business Combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant
agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or other governing instruments, including to further extend the time we have to
consummate an initial Business Combination in order to complete our initial Business Combination. 

The provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing
the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock,
which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial Business Combination that
some of our stockholders may not support. 

Some other blank check companies
have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s
pre-Business Combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the company s stockholders. In those companies,
amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding between 90 and 100 of the company s Public Shares.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-Business Combination activity
(including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants into the
Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to Public Stockholders
as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, and
corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders
of at least 65 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon; provided that amendments relating to the appointment or removal
of directors prior to our initial Business Combination require a resolution passed by the holders of a majority of shares of our Class
B common stock. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority
of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules.
We may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof, prior to our initial Business Combination, to (1) receive
funds from the Trust Account or (2) vote as a class with our Public Shares (a) on any initial Business Combination or (b) to approve an
amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. The restriction on issuing additional securities described in the
prior sentence will expire upon consummation of our initial Business Combination. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially
own at least 20.0 of our common stock, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or
trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which governs our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily than some other
blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial Business Combination with which you do not agree. Our
stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

24 

Our Sponsor, officers, and
directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination
or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 30 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity, unless we provide our Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest
shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party
beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers or directors
for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our Public Stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder
derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular Business Combination. 

If the net proceeds of the
Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants available to us prove to be insufficient, either because of the
size of our initial Business Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to
repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination
or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may be required to
seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available
on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business
Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial Business
Combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the
payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial Business Combination, or to fund the purchase
of other companies. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, we may require
such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material
adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors, or stockholders is required
to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. 

If we are unable to complete
our initial Business Combination, our Public Stockholders may only receive approximately 10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust
Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our Public Stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share
on the redemption of their shares. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could
be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and other risk factors
in this section. 

Our initial stockholders will control the
election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial Business Combination and will exert a substantial influence on actions
requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

Our initial stockholders
own shares representing 20.0 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, prior to our initial Business Combination,
holders of our Class B common stock will have the right to appoint all of our directors and may remove members of our board of directors
for any reason. Holders of our Public Shares will have no right to vote on the election of directors during such time. These provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by a resolution passed by the holders of a majority of shares
of our Class B common stock. As a result, you will not have any influence over the election of directors prior to our initial Business
Combination. 

25 

If our initial stockholders
purchase any additional shares of common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control.
In addition, prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, only holders of the Class B common stock have the right to vote
on the election of directors and holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock may remove members of our
board of directors for any reason. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by certain of our initial stockholders,
is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our Business
Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Business Combination.
If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors
will be considered for election and our Sponsor, because of its ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome.
Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our Business Combination. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may
make it more difficult for use to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

If: 

we issue additional shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor
or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total
equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of
our initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and 

the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period
starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 

then the exercise price of
each warrant will be adjusted such that the effective exercise price per full share will be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per-share redemption trigger price applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the
nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per-share redemption trigger
price applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target business. 

Our warrants and Founder Shares may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination. 

We have issued warrants to
purchase 21,562,500 shares of our Class A common stock as part of the Units and, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, we issued Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 12,833,333 shares of Class A common stock. Our initial stockholders
currently own an aggregate of 21,532,500 Founder Shares. The Founder Shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates makes
any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option
of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

To the extent we issue shares
of Class A common stock to complete a Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares
of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a
target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the
value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the Business Combination. Therefore, our warrants and Founder Shares may
make it more difficult to complete a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

The Private Placement Warrants
are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units except that, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees,
(i) they will not be redeemable by us (except under certain limited exceptions), (ii) they (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after
the completion of our initial Business Combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) the holders
thereof (including with respect to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights.
The Private Placement Warrants will not vote on any amendments to the warrant agreement discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report of 10-K. 

26 

Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial Business Combination
with some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require
that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender
offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared
in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international
financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the
historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire
because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance
with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Only in the
event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will
we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome
on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial Business Combination
may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of
the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to
complete any such acquisition. 

If we complete our initial Business Combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that
may negatively impact our operations. 

If we complete our initial
Business Combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special
considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with
different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex withholding taxes; 

laws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

27 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

challenges in managing and staffing international operations; 

longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; and 

government appropriations of assets. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Since only holders of our Founder Shares
have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the NYSE, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled
company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements. 

After completion of the Initial
Public Offering, only holders of our Founder Shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the NYSE may
consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate
governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled
company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the
rules of the NYSE; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with
a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

28 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent
directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 

We have not utilized these
exemptions and currently comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However,
if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders
of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. 

Our initial stockholders may receive additional
shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

The shares of Class B common
stock will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial Business Combination, or earlier at
the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like, and subject to further adjustment as described herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked
securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of our
initial Business Combination, including pursuant to a specified future issuance, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall
convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class
B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance, including pursuant to a specified
future issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will
equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the
completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued
in connection with our initial Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with our
initial Business Combination and excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business
Combination). 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other
persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial Business Combination will also be required to waive) any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason
whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside
of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination
Company 

There are risks related to the healthcare
industry to which we may be subject. 

Business Combinations with
companies with operations in the healthcare industry entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a Business
Combination with a target business with operations in the healthcare industry, we will be subject to, and possibly adversely affected
by, the following risks, including but not limited to: 

Competition could reduce profit margins. 

Our inability to comply with governmental regulations affecting the healthcare industry could negatively
affect our operations. 

An inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend. 

29 

The success of our planned business following consummation of our initial Business Combination may depend
on maintaining a well-secured business and technology infrastructure. 

If we are required to obtain governmental approval of our products, the production of our products could
be delayed and we could be required to engage in a lengthy and expensive approval process that may not ultimately be successful. 

Continuing government and private efforts to contain healthcare costs, including through the implementation
of legal and regulatory changes, may reduce our future revenue and our profitability following such Business Combination. 

Changes in the healthcare related wellness industry and markets for such products affecting our customers
or retailing practices could negatively impact customer relationships and our results of operations. 

The healthcare industry is susceptible to significant liability exposure. If liability claims are brought
against us following a Business Combination, it could materially adversely affect our operations. 

Dependence of our operations upon third-party suppliers, manufacturers or contractors whose failure to
perform adequately could disrupt our business. 

The Affordable Care Act, possible changes to it or its repeal, and how it is implemented could negatively
impact our business. 

A disruption in supply could adversely impact our business. 

Any of the foregoing could
have an adverse impact on our operations following a Business Combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses
will not be limited to the healthcare industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks will likely
not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which
we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. For risk factors related to the proposed Allurion Business Combination, see the
 Risk Factors section of the Allurion Disclosure Statement that we will file with the SEC. 

Subsequent to the completion of our initial
Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you
to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that
may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that
could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be
non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative
market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants
to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination
debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder or warrant holder following our initial
Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security holders are unlikely to have a remedy for
such reduction in value, unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors
of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws
that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material
misstatement or material omission. 

30 

After our initial Business Combination,
our results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political, social and government policies,
developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. 

The economic, political and
social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic
growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future.
If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand
for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our
ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination and if we effect our initial Business
Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 

Our management may not be able to maintain
control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target
business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial
Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our Public Stockholders own or acquire shares will own less than 100 
of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target business sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target, our
stockholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post Business Combination company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target,
or issue a substantial number of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial Business Combination. In such cases,
we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock,
our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent
to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or
group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that
our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control
of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may have a limited ability to assess
the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial Business Combination with a target business
whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact
the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore,
may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability
of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain a stockholder
or warrant holder following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such security
holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The officers and directors
of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a target business s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s
key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our
initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

31 

If our management following our initial
Business Combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws,
which could lead to various regulatory issues. 

Following our initial Business
Combination, any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the company, and the management of the target
business at the time of the Business Combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S.
securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar
with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our
operations. 

Risks Relating to Our Management Team 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends
on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial Business Combination. In addition,
our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have
conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations
and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our
directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have
a detrimental effect on us. 

Our ability to successfully complete our
initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team,
some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. The loss of such people could negatively impact the operations and
profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully
complete our Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team. The role of members of our management
team in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some members of our management team may remain with the
target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of
the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our
initial Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals
may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources
helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In addition, the officers
and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a target business s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s
key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that
certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our
initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place.
The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

32 

Members of our management team may negotiate
employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements may
provide for them to receive compensation following our Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous. 

Members of our management
team may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate
employment or consulting agreements in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with
the negotiation of the Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the Business Combination. The personal and financial
interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability
of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination will not be the determining factor in our
decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential Business Combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members
of our management team will remain with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that any members
of our management team will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of
our management team will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. 

Our officers and directors may allocate
their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. 

None of our officers or directors
is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between
our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses, including other business endeavors for which he or
she may be entitled to substantial compensation. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial
Business Combination. Our independent directors also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and
directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial Business Combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, please
see section entitled Item 10. Directs, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest. 

Certain of our officers and directors are
now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be
conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Until we consummate our initial
Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Certain
of our officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles)
that are engaged in a similar business. 

Our officers and directors
also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities in the future to
which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties or otherwise have an interest in, including Medtronic and any other special purpose
acquisition company in which they may become involved with. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity
a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business
may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us and we might be required to seek another entity s approval prior
to engaging with or entering into a business opportunity, although to the best of our knowledge we do not believe that any such entities
have an interest in directly acquiring the companies we intend to pursue. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

For a complete discussion
of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of,
please see the sections entitled Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance, Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. - Certain Relationships and Related Party
Transactions - Administrative Services Agreement. 

33 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer
or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising
pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting
a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of
Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there
is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the
personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction
of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction,
as to which the Court of Chancery and the U.S. federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction.
If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process
on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application
of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent
it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27
of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the
federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents. Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the
rules and regulation thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability
of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. While the
Delaware courts have determined that such exclusive forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring
a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions, and there can be no assurance that such provisions will
be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions, however, we note that investors cannot waive compliance with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased
consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may limit our stockholders 
ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors
and officers. 

Our officers, directors, security holders
and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial
interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact
we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, directors or officers,
or any of their affiliates. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

Despite our agreement that,
in the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company business that is affiliated with our initial stockholders,
officers or directors, or any of their affiliates, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial
Business Combination is fair to us from a financial point of view, potential conflicts of interest still may exist. As a result, the terms
of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our company and our Public Stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts
of interest. 

34 

The personal and financial
interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing
a Business Combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target
business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination
are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to
us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders 
rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

Omar Ishrak, our Chairman, and Jean Nehm ,
our Co-Chief Executive Officer, are each party to non-competition agreements that could limit the companies and businesses that we may
target for an initial Business Combination. This could negatively impact our prospects for an initial Business Combination. 

Omar Ishrak, our Chairman,
and Jean Nehm , our Co-Chief Executive Officer, are each party to separate non-compete agreements with Medtronic. These non-compete
agreements preclude Drs. Ishrak and Nehm from, without the consent of Medtronic, providing services to any business which may
compete with Medtronic, without Medtronic s consent. For Dr. Ishrak, this preclusion applies during his employment by Medtronic
and for a term of two years following the end of such employment. Dr. Ishrak s employment by Medtronic ended in December 2020. For
Dr. Nehm , this preclusion applies during his employment by Medtronic and until the later of February 12, 2023 or six months after
the end of such employment. Dr. Nehm is currently employed by Medtronic. No assurance can be given that Medtronic would provide
any consent on terms satisfactory to us or at all. As a result, we may be precluded from pursuing an initial Business Combination with
certain businesses, which could limit our prospects for an initial Business Combination and make us a less attractive buyer to certain
target companies. In addition, if our initial Business Combination does not cause Drs. Ishrak or Nehm to violate their non-compete
agreements, no assurance can be given that the combined company would not in the future engage in competitive activities which would cause
Drs. Ishrak or Nehm to be in breach of their non-compete agreements. If a court were to conclude that a violation of the non-compete
agreements had occurred, it could enjoin Drs. Ishrak or Nehm from participating in our company, or enjoin us from engaging in
aspects of the business which compete with Medtronic, as applicable. The court could also impose monetary damages against Dr. Ishrak,
Dr. Nehm or us. This could materially harm our business and the trading prices of our securities. Even if ultimately resolved
in our favor, any litigation associated with the non-competition could be time consuming, costly and distract management s focus
from locating suitable acquisition candidates and operating our business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination,
our Public Stockholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Please see - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the
Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share and
other risk factors herein. 

Members of our management team and board
of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result, certain of
those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the business affairs
of the companies with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede
our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination. 

During the course of their
careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers or
executives of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain persons were, are now, or may
in the future become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings relating to the business affairs of such companies or
transactions entered into by such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team s
and board s attention and resources away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial Business
Combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial Business Combination. 

35 

Risks Relating to Our Securities 

You will not have any rights or interests
in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced
to sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our Public Stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial Business Combination,
and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the
limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within
30 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity and (c) the redemption of our Public Shares if we have not completed our initial Business
Combination within 30 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law. Stockholders who do not exercise
their rights to the funds in connection with an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would still have rights
to the funds in connection with a subsequent Business Combination within the allocated time period for any reason, compliance with Delaware
law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds
held in our Trust Account. In that case, Public Stockholders may be forced to wait beyond the end of such period before they receive funds
from our Trust Account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account.
Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate
your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

The NYSE may delist our securities from
trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional
trading restrictions. 

We cannot assure you that
our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial Business
Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. In general, we must maintain a minimum number of
holders of our securities (generally 300 Public Stockholders). Additionally, in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will
be required to demonstrate compliance with the applicable exchange s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than
continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able
to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 

If any of our securities
are delisted from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect
such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers
trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the
secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities,
which are referred to as covered securities. Our Units, Class A common stock and warrants currently qualify as covered securities
under such statute. Although the states are pre-empted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow
the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states
can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to
prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators
view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of
blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities
under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with
our initial Business Combination, which may negatively impact our ability to consummate our initial Business Combination. 

36 

You will not be permitted to exercise your
warrants unless we register and qualify the issuance of the underlying shares of Class A common stock or certain exemptions are available. 

Pursuant to terms of the
warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial
Business Combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial Business
Combination to have declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement
and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set
forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current,
complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the
Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable
for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless
the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder,
or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not
be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our commercially reasonable efforts
to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required
to net cash settle any warrant. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt
from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have
no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full
unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption
from registration exists for holders of our Private Placement Warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does
not exist for holders of the public warrants that were included as part of the Units. In such an instance, the initial purchasers and
their permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the common
stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying
common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register
or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem
the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in
a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants will be issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to (i) cure any ambiguity or correct
any mistake or defective provision, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the
warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering, (ii) adjusting the provisions relating
to cash dividends on shares of common stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing
any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem
necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, but requires
the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders of public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants
or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, 50 of the number of the then-outstanding Private
Placement Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least
50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants
with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments
to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period
or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided
that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30
trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders
and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right
even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result,
we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of
the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous
for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii)
to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. 

37 

In addition, unlike many
other similarly structured blank check companies, we have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants 90 days after they become exercisable
for 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise
their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value
of our Class A common stock and provided certain other conditions are met. We would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe
it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay fair market value to the warrant holders. We
can also redeem the warrants for common stock when the Class A common stock is trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the
exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant
holders with fair market value in the form of shares of Class A common stock. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A common
stock is trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares
of Class A common stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for shares of Class A common
stock if and when the Class A common stock trades at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50. Any such redemption may have similar
consequences to the redemption described in the above paragraph. In addition, such redemption may occur at a time when the warrants are
 out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from a subsequent increase in the value of the
Class A common stock had your warrants remained outstanding. Finally, this redemption feature provides a ceiling to the value of your
warrants since it locks in the redemption price in the number of Class A common stock to be received if we choose to redeem the warrants
for common stock. 

Because each unit contains one-quarter of
one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than Units of other blank check companies. 

Each unit contains one-quarter
of one warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, only a whole
warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose Units include one share of common
stock and one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components
of the Units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the warrants
will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-quarter of the number of shares compared to Units that each contain a warrant to purchase
one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive Business Combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this
unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if they included one whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant
to purchase one whole share. 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides
that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement,
including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the
exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or
any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or
entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to
the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions
of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed
to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with
any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of
process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision
may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company,
which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

38 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to
be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of our board of directors to designate
the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination only
holders of our shares of Class B common stock, which are held by our initial stockholders, are entitled to vote on the election of directors
and holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock may remove members of our board of directors for any reason,
each of which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of
a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover
provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management
more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our
securities. 

You may only be able to exercise your public
warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer shares of Class A common
stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

The warrant agreement provides
that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will,
instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the
arrant agreement; and (ii) if we have so elected and the shares of Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not
listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act. If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances described in clauses (i) and (ii)
in the preceding sentence, you would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock
equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) of our Class A common stock over the exercise
price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant. The fair market value 
of our Class A common stock for this purpose shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A common stock as reported during
the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. As a result,
you would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

Certain agreements related to the Initial
Public Offering may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Each of the agreements related
to the Initial Public Offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement,
may be amended without stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial
stockholders, Sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders; the Private Placement
Warrants purchase agreement between us and our Sponsor; and the administrative services agreement among us, our Sponsor and an affiliate
of our Sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our Public Stockholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter
agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants
and other securities held by our initial stockholders, Sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the
consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons,
including to facilitate our initial Business Combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any
of these agreements prior to our initial Business Combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business
judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into
in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
as applicable, related to such initial Business Combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be
disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion
of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment
in our securities. 

39 

General Risk Factors 

We have no operating revenues, and you have
no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Because we lack an operating
history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination
with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a
Business Combination with our company and may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our Business
Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past performance by our management team
and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

Information regarding performance
by, or businesses associated with, our management team and their respective affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past
performance by our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to locate a suitable
candidate for our initial Business Combination or (ii) of success with respect to any Business Combination we may consummate. Our officers
and directors have not had management experience with special purpose acquisition corporations in the past. You should not rely on the
historical performance of our management team and their respective affiliates as an indication of the future performance of an investment
in our company or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. In addition, an investment in our company is not an investment
in any other entities affiliated with our management team, including Medtronic. 

We may be a passive foreign investment company,
or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. 

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion
thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our taxable
year ended December 31, 2022, our current taxable year, and our subsequent taxable years may depend upon the status of an acquired company
pursuant to a business combination and whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances,
the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the
start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31,
2022, our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not be determinable
until after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder
such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order
to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we
will timely provide such required information, and such election would likely be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases.
We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our ordinary
shares and warrants. 

We are an emerging growth company and a
smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth
company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our
common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would
no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

40 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period,
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an
emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may
make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100
million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million
as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may
also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Our proximity to our liquidation date expresses
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting
Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern, management has determined that mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company
be required to liquidate after August 9, 2023 (which was extended from February 9, 2023 by vote of our stockholders). The financial statements
do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

If we are unable to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period and our stockholders have not amended the amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to further extend such Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not
previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then
outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the
right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had approximately 766,000 of operating cash, and working capital of approximately 568,000 (not taking into account working capital
loans from our Sponsor of approximately 932,000 at fair value 2.2 million of principal). Further, we have incurred, expect to continue
to incur, significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need are discussed under Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our plans to raise capital and
to consummate our initial Business Combination may not be successful. The deadline for us to complete our initial Business Combination
is August 9, 2023 (which was extended from February 9, 2023 by vote of our stockholders). These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time which is considered to be one year from the issuance of these
financial statements. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might result
from our inability to continue as a going concern. Management plans to complete a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation
date. 

41 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities
and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On April 12, 2021, the Acting
Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued the SEC Statement, which focused
on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers following a Business Combination, which terms are similar
to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants. As a result of the SEC Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment
of our 21,562,500 Public Warrants and 12,833,333 Private Placement Warrants (collectively, the Warrants issued on February
9, 2021 and determined to classify the Warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period
reported in earnings. 

As a result, included on
our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 contained elsewhere in this Annual Report are derivative liabilities related to the
embedded features contained within our Warrants. ASC 815 provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives at each
balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings in the
statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements and results of operations may fluctuate
quarterly, based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize
non-cash gains or losses on our Warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us
could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss. 

The Excise Tax included in the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 may decrease the value of our securities following our initial Business Combination, hinder our ability to consummate
an initial Business Combination, and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution in connection with a liquidation. 

On August 16, 2022, President
Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on the fair market value
of stock repurchased by a domestic corporation beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). Because we are
a Delaware corporation and our securities trade on the NYSE, we are a covered corporation within the meaning of the Inflation
Reduction Act, and while not free from doubt, it is possible that the Excise Tax will apply to any redemptions of our common stock after
December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with an initial Business Combination and any amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to further extend the time to consummate an initial Business Combination, unless an exemption is available.
Consequently, the value of your investment in our securities may decrease as a result of the Excise Tax. In addition, the Excise Tax may
make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets, and thus, potentially hinder our ability to enter
into and consummate an initial Business Combination. 

42 

Our search for a Business Combination, and
any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical
conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and
entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. 

United States and global
markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia
in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military
forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions
and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions
from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries, including the United States,
have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing
geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken
in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns
that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in
Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and
capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely
affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the abovementioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a Business Combination and any target business with
which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions
and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue
for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions
may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report
on Form 10-K. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate
a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be
materially adversely affected. 

In addition, the invasion
of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased
cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. 

Item 1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at 1100 North Market Street, 4 th Floor, Wilmington, DE 19890. The cost for this space is included in the
 10,000 per month fee that we will pay an affiliate of our Sponsor for administrative and support services. The Sponsor has waived these
fees through December 31, 2022. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings . 

We are not currently subject
to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers
or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

43 

PART
II. 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market Information 

Our Units began trading on
NYSE on February 5, 2021. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-quarter of one redeemable warrant to purchase
one share of Class A common stock. On March 26, 2021, we announced that holders of the Units may elect to separately trade shares of the
Class A common stock and redeemable warrants included in the Units commencing on March 29, 2021. Any Units not separated continue to trade
on the NYSE under the symbol CPUH.U. Any underlying shares of Class A Common Stock and redeemable warrants that were separated
trade on the NYSE under the symbols CPUH and CPUH WS, respectively. 

(b) Holders 

As of April 3, 2023, there
was approximately one holder of record of our Units, approximately one holder of record of our separately traded shares of Class A common
stock, and approximately two holders of record of our redeemable warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our shares of Class A common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

The performance graph has been omitted
as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

On October 16, 2020, our
Sponsor purchased 21,562,500 shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, (the Founder Shares for an
aggregate price of 25,000. Our Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 2,812,500 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option
was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0 of the our issued and outstanding shares
after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full on February 9, 2021; thus, these 2,812,500
Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 12,833,333 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.50 per
Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 19.3 million. 

The issuance was made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid
with respect to such sales. 

44 

Use of Proceeds 

On February 9, 2021, we consummated
our Initial Public Offering of 86,250,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 862,500,000. Goldman Sachs Co.
LLC acted as the sole book-running manager for the Initial Public Offering. The securities sold in the Initial Public Offering were registered
under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-252245). The SEC declared the registration statement effective
on February 4, 2021. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 12,833,333 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of
 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 19.3 million. 

In connection with the Initial
Public Offering, we incurred offering costs of approximately 48.4 million (including deferred underwriting commissions of approximately
 30.2 million, which has been waived). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of preparation fees related to the Initial
Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable
upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, if consummated) and the Initial Public Offering expenses, 862.5 million of the
net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds from the Private Placement of the Private Placement Warrants
(or 10.00 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are held in the Trust Account and invested as described elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

There has been no material
change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as is described in our final prospectus
related to the Initial Public Offering. For a description of the use of the proceeds generated from the Initial Public Offering, see Item
1. Business. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, 
 our, us or we refer to Compute Health Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements
and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual
results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those
that will be set forth in our preliminary prospectus/proxy statement to be included in a Registration Statement on Form S-4 that we will
file with the SEC relating to our proposed business combination with Allurion (the Allurion Business Combination ). Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in Delaware on October 7, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). Our Sponsor is Compute
Health Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. We intend to complete our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock
and debt. 

The registration statement
for our Initial Public Offering became effective on February 4, 2021. On February 9, 2021, we consummated its Initial Public Offering
of 86,250,000 Units, including 11,250,000 Over-Allotment Units to cover over-allotments, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 862.5 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 48.4 million, of which approximately 30.2 million was for deferred
underwriting commissions, which has been waived. 

45 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 12,833,333 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.50 per
Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 19.3 million. 

Upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement, 862.5 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain
of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 180 days or
less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only
in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

On December 2, 2022, our
stockholders approved amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation extending the time for us to complete a Business Combination from
24 months from the date of the Initial Public Offering to 30 months from the date of the Initial Public Offering. In connection with the
extension, stockholders elected to redeem 77,026,806 shares of our common stock, representing approximately 71.45 of the issued and outstanding
shares of our common stock and 89.31 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock sold in the our Initial Public Offering.
As a result, there are currently 9,223,194 shares of our Class A common stock outstanding. After the satisfaction of such redemptions,
the balance in our Trust Account was approximately 93.0 million, as described further in Recent Developments Trust
Account Redemptions and Extension of Combination Period . 

If we are unable to complete
a Business Combination within 30 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or August 9, 2023 (which was extended from February
9, 2023 by vote of our stockholders) (the Combination Period and our stockholders have not amended the amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to further extend such Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in in each
case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The issuance of additional
shares of our stock in a business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering, which dilution
would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than
one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior
to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which
may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation
or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership
or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

46 

Similarly, if we issue debt
securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments
when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation
of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our
ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce
the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions,
and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry
in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and
adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

Recent Developments 

Trust Account Redemptions and Extension
of Combination Period 

On December 2, 2022, we held
a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting to approve amendments to the our Certificate of Incorporation to
(i) extend the time for us to complete a Business Combination from February 9, 2023, which is 24 months from the date of the Initial Public
Offering, to August 9, 2023, which is 30 months from the date of the Initial Public Offering (the Extension Proposal ), and
(ii) to remove the limitation that we may not redeem public shares to the extent that such redemption would result in the Company having
net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) of Exchange Act) of less than 5,000,001. Prior to the Special
Meeting, we instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee of the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government
treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash in
an interest-bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of consummation of our initial Business Combination or liquidation. In connection
with the proposals, as described in the proxy, our Sponsor agreed that if the Extension Proposal was approved and the Charter Extension
becomes effective, it will make deposits of additional funds (the Extension Deposits into the Trust Account for the aggregate
benefit of Public Shares that are not redeemed by the Public Stockholders in connection with the Extension Proposal (collectively, the
 Remaining Public Shares in exchange for one or more non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory notes issued by our Company
to the Sponsor. For each whole month, or portion thereof, that is needed by us to complete an initial Business Combination from the date
of the Extension Meeting until the August 9, 2023, our Sponsor will make Extension Deposits of 0.05 into the Trust Account for each Remaining
Public Share, up to a total of 400,000 per month, in exchange for one or more non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory notes issued
by us to the Sponsor. In addition, pursuant to the prospectus we stated we will not use any trust proceeds to pay any excise taxes with
the redemption of our securities. 

47 

Both proposals were approved.
In connection with the Extension Proposal, stockholders elected to redeem 77,026,806 shares of our common stock, representing approximately
71.45 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock and 89.31 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock sold
in the Company s Initial Public Offering. Approximately 776.5 million was withdrawn from the Company s Trust Account to pay
for the redemption, leaving approximately 94.3 million in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022. 

On December 5, 2022, we filed
a Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to (A) to extend the date (the Termination Date by which we must either (a)
consummate a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination,
with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial Business Combination, or (b) (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up if we fail to complete such initial Business Combination and (ii) redeem all of the shares of Class A common stock of our
Company sold in the Initial Public Offering that was consummated on February 9, 2021, from February 9, 2023 to August 9, 2023 (the Extension
Amendment and (B) to eliminate from the Certificate of Incorporation the limitation that we may not redeem public shares to the
extent that such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of less than 5,000,001 (the Redemption Limitation in order to allow us to redeem
public shares irrespective of whether such redemption would exceed the Redemption Limitation (the Redemption Limitation Amendment ). 

A copy of the amended and
restated certificate of incorporation of the Company is filed herewith as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Allurion Business Combination 

On
February 9, 2023, we entered into a business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with Compute Health
Corp., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of us Merger Sub I ), Compute Health LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of us Merger Sub II and, together with Merger Sub I, the Merger
Subs ), Allurion Technologies Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Allurion (as defined
below) Pubco ), and Allurion Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation Allurion and, collectively with the
Company, the Merger Subs and Pubco, the Parties ). 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, the business combination will
be effected in three steps: (a) we will merge with and into Pubco (the CPUH Merger, the closing of the CPUH Merger, the
 CPUH Merger Closing and the time at which the CPUH Merger becomes effective, the CPUH Merger Effective Time ),
with Pubco surviving (Pubco, in its capacity as the surviving company in the CPUH Merger, the Surviving Corporation and,
after giving effect to such merger, becoming the publicly-listed company and the sole owner of each Merger Sub, (b) at least three (3)
hours following the consummation of the CPUH Merger, Merger Sub I will merge with and into Allurion (the Intermediate Merger, 
the closing of the Intermediate Merger, the Intermediate Merger Closing and the time at which the Intermediate Merger becomes
effective, the Intermediate Merger Effective Time ), with Allurion surviving as the surviving company in the Intermediate
Merger (Allurion, in its capacity as the surviving company in the Intermediate Merger, the Intermediate Surviving Corporation and, after giving effect to such merger, becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Surviving Corporation and (c) thereafter, the Intermediate
Surviving Corporation will merge with and into Merger Sub II (the Final Merger, and the time at which the Final Merger becomes
effective, the Final Merger Effective Time (the Final Merger, collectively with the CPUH Merger and the Intermediate Merger,
the Mergers and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement and the Ancillary
Documents (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), the Proposed Transactions ), with Merger Sub II surviving as
the surviving company in the Final Merger (Merger Sub II, in its capacity as the surviving company of the Final Merger, the Surviving
Subsidiary Company and, after giving effect to such merger, remaining a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Surviving Corporation. 

48 

In
connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Pubco entered into Subscription Agreements with certain
accredited investors or qualified institutional buyers (collectively, the Subscription Investors concurrently with the
execution of the Business Combination Agreement on February 9, 2023. Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the Subscription Investors
agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and Pubco agreed to issue and sell, to the Subscription Investors an aggregate of 5,386,695 shares
of Pubco common stock for a purchase price of 7.04 per share, or an aggregate of approximately 37.9 million, in a private placement. 

For more information about
the Business Combination Agreement and the proposed Allurion Business Combination, see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
on February 9, 2023 and the Allurion Disclosure Statement that we will file with the SEC. Unless specifically stated, this Annual Report
does not give effect to the proposed Allurion Business Combination and does not contain the risks associated with the proposed Allurion
Business Combination. Such risks and effects relating to the proposed Allurion Business Combination will be included in the Allurion Disclosure
Statement. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since
inception through December 31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for an Initial Public Offering, and since our Initial Public
Offering, our activity has been limited to the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We will not generate any operating
revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 32.4 million, which consisted of approximately 26.5 million for change in fair value of
derivative liabilities, approximately 10.7 million from income from the investments held in the Trust Account, approximately 1,000 interest
earned from bank account, approximately 866,000 gain from reversal of deferred underwriting liability Public Warrants, approximately
 1.2 million for change in fair value of promissory note, partially offset by approximately 4.5 million of general and administrative
expenses, 200,000 of franchise tax expense, and approximately 2.2 million of income tax expense. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had an income of approximately 5.8 million, which consisted of approximately 9.2 million for change in fair value of derivative
liabilities, approximately 144,000 for change in fair value of promissory note, approximately 50,000 from income from the investments
held in the Trust Account, partially offset by approximately 2.0 million of general and administrative expenses, approximately 200,000
of franchise tax expense, approximately 37,000 loss on the promissory note to related party and approximately 1.4 million of financing
costs - derivative warrant liabilities. 

Liquidity and Going concern 

As of December 31, 2022,
we had approximately 0.8 million in our operating bank accounts and working capital of approximately 0.6 million, excluding approximately
 0.9 million of Working Capital Loans (as defined below) at fair value 2.2 million of principal). During the year ended December 31,
2022, approximately 2.7 million was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

Our liquidity needs prior
to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from the Sponsor to purchase Founder
Shares (as defined in Note 5), and borrowings under a Note from the Sponsor of approximately 266,000. The Company repaid the Note in
full upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has
been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of
the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans (as defined below).
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a total principal amount of 2.25 million and 1.5 million was drawn under these Working Capital Loans,
respectively, with 750,000 available for future borrowings. Our Sponsor has also agreed to fund the Extension Deposits in exchange for
one or more non-interest bearing unsecured promissory notes issued by our Company to the Sponsor. 

49 

However, in connection with
the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standard
Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements
- Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable
to complete a business combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company
has until August 9, 2023, or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain
that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, or
an extension is not approved, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying
amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after August 9, 2023, or such later date as may be approved
by our stockholders. 

Related Party Transactions 

Founder Shares 

On October 16, 2020, our
Sponsor purchased 21,562,500 Founder Shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. Our Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 2,812,500 Founder Shares
to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent
20.0 of our Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment
option in full on February 9, 2021; thus, these 2,812,500 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The initial stockholders
agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one
year after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last
reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital
stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their
shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Related Party Loans 

On October 16, 2020, our
Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory
note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed
approximately 170,000 under the Note and repaid the Note in full upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). 

On April 6, 2021, we entered
into a Loan Note Instrument (the Loan Note or Convertible Promissory Note - related party with our Sponsor,
pursuant to which, our Sponsor, in its sole and absolute discretion, may loan to us up to 1,500,000 for costs reasonably related to the
consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Loan Note does not bear any interest. The Loan Note is payable on the earliest to
occur of (i) the date on which we consummate our initial Business Combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of our Company is
effective. The Loan Note is subject to customary events if default, including failure by us to pay the principal amount due pursuant to
the Loan Note within five business days of the Maturity Date and certain bankruptcy events of our Company. 

At our Sponsor s option,
at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the Loan Note, our Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion of
the unpaid principal balance of the Loan Note into that number of warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock
of our Company (the Conversion Warrants ), equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Loan Note being converted,
divided by (y) 1.50, rounded up to the nearest whole number of warrants. The Conversion Warrants shall be identical to the warrants issued
by us to the Sponsor in a private placement upon consummation of our initial public offering. The Conversion Warrants are subject to customary
registration rights granted by us to the Sponsor pursuant to the Loan Note. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 1.5 million and 1.4 million
was drawn under the Convertible Promissory Note - related party, respectively, presented at the fair value of approximately 182,000 and
 1.4 million on the accompanying balance sheets, respectively. 

50 

On July 28, 2022, we entered
into a second Loan Note Instrument (the Second Loan Note or Promissory note - related party) with our Sponsor Payee ),
pursuant to which, Payee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may loan to our Company up to 1.5 million for costs reasonably related
to our consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Second Loan Note does not bear any interest. The Second Loan Note is payable
on the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which we consummate the initial business combination and (ii) the date that the winding up
of our Company is effective. On July 28, 2022, we borrowed 750,000 under the Second Loan Note. As of December 31, 2022, 750,000 was
outstanding under the Second Loan Note and 750,000 is available for future borrowings. 

Our Sponsor agreed that if
the Extension Proposal was approved and the Charter Extension becomes effective, it would make deposits of additional funds (the Extension
Deposits into the Trust Account for the aggregate benefit of the Public Shares that are not redeemed by the Public Stockholders
in connection with the Extension Proposal (collectively, the Remaining Public Shares in exchange for one or more non-interest
bearing, unsecured promissory notes issued by us to our Sponsor. For each whole month, or portion thereof, that is needed by us to complete
an initial business combination from the date of the Extension Meeting until the August 9, 2023, our Sponsor will make Extension Deposits
of 0.05 into the Trust Account for each Remaining Public Share, up to a total of 400,000 per month, in exchange for one or more non-interest
bearing, unsecured promissory notes issued by us to our Sponsor. As the Extension Proposal was approved, we have made contributions to
the Trust Account of 400,000, which was funded by advances to us from our Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022, 400,000 was outstanding
and presented as due to related party on the accompanying balance sheets. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the advance has been formalized
as a promissory note from the Sponsor. See Note 12. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

Commencing on the date that
our securities were first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation,
we agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for administrative and support services. The Sponsor has waived these fees through
December 31, 2022. 

Our Sponsor, officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or our or their
affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

This management s discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair
value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various
other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Investments Held in Trust Account 

Our portfolio of investments
is comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity
of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily determinable
fair value, or a combination thereof. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of U.S. government securities, the
investments are classified as trading securities. When our investments held in the Trust Account are comprised of money market funds,
the investments are recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds are presented on the balance sheets
at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included
in income from investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments
held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 

51 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

We evaluate all of its financial
instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The
classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed
at the end of each reporting period. 

The warrants issued in connection
with the Initial Public Offering (the Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities
in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts the instruments
to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and
any change in fair value is recognized in our statements of operations. The fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with
the Public Offering and Private Placement Warrants were initially measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation model and subsequently,
the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants have been estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model each measurement date. The fair
value of Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering have subsequently been measured based on the listed market
price of such warrants. As the transfer of Private Placement Warrants to anyone who is not a permitted transferee would result in the
Private Placement Warrants having substantially the same terms as the Public Warrants, we determined that the fair value of each Private
Placement Warrant is equivalent to that of each Public Warrant. The fair value of the Warrants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, is based
on observable listed prices for such warrants. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be subject to change as
more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities
are classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require
the creation of current liabilities. 

Convertible Promissory Note - Related Party 

We have elected the fair
value option to account for our Convertible Promissory Note - related party with our Sponsor as defined and more fully described in the
Notes to the financial statements. As a result of applying the fair value option, the Company records each draw at fair value with a gain
or loss recognized at issuance, and subsequent changes in fair value are recorded as change in the fair value of our Convertible Promissory
Note - related party on the statements of operations. The fair value is based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that
are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. These inputs reflect management s and, if applicable,
an independent third-party valuation firm s own assumption about the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset
or liability. 

Offering Costs Associated with the Initial
Public Offering 

Offering costs consisted
of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the Initial Public Offering that were directly related to the
Initial Public Offering. Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based
on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with warrant liabilities were expensed
as incurred, presented as non-operating expenses in the statements of operations. Offering costs associated with the Class A common stock
were charged against their carrying value upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. Deferred underwriting commissions were classified
as non-current liabilities as their liquidation was not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation
of current liabilities. 

On November 15, 2022, we
received notification from Goldman Sachs Co. LLC Goldman Sachs ), the underwriters in the Company s Initial
Public Offering, that Goldman Sachs waives any entitlement it may have to the deferred underwriting commissions. As such, the deferred
underwriting fee liability has been reversed in the year ended December 31, 2022. The amount allocated to the Public Warrants was recorded
as a gain on the accompanying statements of operations and the amount allocated to the Class A common stock was added back as additional
paid-in capital. 

52 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our Class
A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption
(if any) is classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including
Class A common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the
occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A common stock
is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside
of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. In connection with the Extension Proposal 77,026,806 shares of
Class A common stock were redeemed. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 9,223,194 and 86,250,000 shares of Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, respectively, outside of the stockholders 
equity section of the balance sheets. 

We recognize changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption to equal the
redemption value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption
date for the security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the remeasurement from initial book value
to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit.
Subsequent changes in redemption value are recognized and presented as remeasurement of Class A common stock to redemption value on the
accompanying statement of changes in stockholders equity (deficit) included in the financial statements. 

Net Income Per Share of Common Stock 

We comply with accounting
and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred
to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income
(loss) per common share is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the respective
period. 

The calculation of diluted
net income per common stock does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including
exercise of the over-allotment option) and the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 34,395,833 shares of common stock in the
calculation of diluted income per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable
Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB
issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) No. 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and
Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s
Own Equity, which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. The
ASU removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, and it
also simplifies the diluted earnings per share calculation in certain areas. As permitted by the standard, we have elected to early adopt
this standard in our first quarter of 2021 with no impact upon adoption. 

Our management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The holders of Founder Shares,
Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any (and any shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans),
were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering.
These holders were entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. However, the registration rights agreement
provided that the Company would not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective
until termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

53 

Deferred Legal fees 

We have an agreement to obtain
legal advisory services pursuant to which our legal counsel has agreed to defer their fees until the closing of the Business Combination.
The deferred fees will become payable to the legal counsel in the event the Company completes a Business Combination. As of December 31,
2022, the amount of these fees is approximately 4.0 million, included as deferred legal fees on the accompanying balance sheets. 

Contingent Fee Arrangement 

On August 26, 2022 we entered
arrangement with Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Credit Suisse to obtain financial advisory and equity capital market
advisory services and to act as our placement agent in connection with raising capital with a specific target in its search for a Business
Combination. Credit Suisse would be entitled to a transaction fee of 8.0 million. Per the arrangement, the 8.0 million transaction fee
for these services is contingent upon the closing of a Business Combination and therefore not included as liabilities on the accompanying
balance sheets. Under the arrangement, we will also reimburse Credit Suisse for reasonable expenses. As of December 31, 2022, no expenses
have been claimed. 

On January 28, 2023, our
Company and Credit Suisse agreed to amend the transaction fee in Section 2 of the Arrangement from 8.0 million to 2.0 million. As of
December 31, 2022, no expenses have been claimed. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments
or contractual obligations. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS
Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying
public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised
accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption
of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates
on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company , we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging
growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may
be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related
items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median
employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of the Initial Public Offering
or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 7.A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

54 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our financial statements
and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Audited Financial Statements of Compute Health Acquisition Corp.: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID Number F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Compute Health Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Compute Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s business plan
is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company has determined that the mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution, should the Company be unable to complete a business combination raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

April 3, 2023 

F- 2 

COMPUTE HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Income tax receivable 
 
 -

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 
 -

Franchise tax payable 

Due to related party 
 
 -

Convertible Promissory note related party - short term 
 
 -

Promissory note related party 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 -

Convertible Promissory note related party - long term 
 -

Deferred legal costs 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; 9,223,194 shares issued and outstanding at 10.24 at December 31, 2022 and shares issued and outstanding per share redemption value at December 31, 2021

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized none issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; no non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

COMPUTE HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

For the 
 Year Ended 
 For the 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party 

Loss on convertible promissory note related party 
 -

Financing costs derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Gain from reversal of deferred underwriting liability Public Warrants 
 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Interest earned on bank account 
 
 -

Income before income tax 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock, basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock, diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

COMPUTE HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -

Excess of cash received over fair value of the private placement warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Remeasurement of Class A common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Remeasurement of Class A common stock to redemption value 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Extinguishment of deferred underwriting liability on Public Shares 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Reclass from additional paid in capital to retained earnings 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

COMPUTE HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

For the Year Ended 
 For the Year Ended 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of promissory note related party 

Loss on promissory note related party 
 -

Financing costs - derivative warrant liabilities 
 -

Income from investments held in Trust Account 

Gain from reversal of deferred underwriting liability - Public Warrants 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related party 
 
 -

Deferred legal fees 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax receivable 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 
 -

Cash deposited in Trust Account for extension 
 
 -

Interest Withdrawn from Trust Account 
 
 -

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for redemptions 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from note payable to related party 
 -

Repayment of note payable to related party 
 -

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross 
 -

Proceeds from private placement 
 -

Offering costs paid 
 -

Proceeds from promissory note to related party 

Redemption of Class A common stock 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued expenses 
 -

Offering costs paid by related party under promissory note 
 -

Deferred underwriting commissions 
 -

Extinguishment of deferred underwriting liability on Public Shares 
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of operating activities: 

Income taxes paid 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public
Shares ), including additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), at per
Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately
 million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 6). 

warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant
to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million (see Note 4). 

million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds
of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock
Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning
of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of
180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of
a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts
disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount) at
the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company only intends to complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act. 

F- 7 

per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed
to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay
to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity
in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). If the Company seeks stockholder approval, the
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If
a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons,
the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem
the Public Shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally,
each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders (as defined below) agreed
to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial stockholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their
Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent
of the Company. The holders of the Founder Shares (the initial stockholders agreed not to propose an amendment to the Certificate
of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business
Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period
(as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any
such amendment. 

. Prior
to the Special Meeting, we instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee of the Trust Account, to liquidate the
U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account
in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of consummation of our initial Business Combination or liquidation.
In connection with the proposals, as described in the proxy, the Company s Sponsor agreed that if the Extension Proposal was approved
and the Charter Extension becomes effective, it will make deposits of additional funds (the Extension Deposits into the
Trust Account for the aggregate benefit of Public Shares that are not redeemed by the Public Stockholders in connection with the Extension
Proposal (collectively, the Remaining Public Shares in exchange for one or more non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory
notes issued by the Company to the Sponsor. For each whole month, or portion thereof, that is needed by the Company to complete an initial
Business Combination from the date of the Extension Meeting until the August 9, 2023, the Sponsor will make Extension Deposits of 
into the Trust Account for each Remaining Public Share, up to a total of per month, in exchange for one or more non-interest
bearing, unsecured promissory notes issued by the Company to the Sponsor. In addition, pursuant to the prospectus the Company stated it
will not use any trust proceeds to pay any excise taxes with the redemption of its securities. 

F- 8 

shares of the Company s common stock, representing
approximately of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock and of the issued and outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock sold in the Company s Initial Public Offering. After the satisfaction of such redemptions,
the balance in the Company s Trust Account was approximately million. 

(the
 Redemption Limitation in order to allow the Company to redeem public shares irrespective of whether such redemption would
exceed the Redemption Limitation (the Redemption Limitation Amendment ). 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. 

. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the
Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which
the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account
to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) the lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes,
provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek
access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify
the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements
with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 9 

million in its operating bank accounts and working capital of approximately million, excluding approximately million in
Working Capital Loans at fair value million of principal). During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 2.7 million was
withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares
(as defined in Note 5), and borrowings under a Note (as defined in Note 5) from the Sponsor of approximately . The Company repaid
the Note in full upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the
Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private
Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide
the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a principal amount of million and 
million is drawn under Working Capital Loans, respectively. At December 31, 2022 is available for borrowings under Working Capital
Loans (see Note 5). In addition, The Company s Sponsor has agreed to fund the Extension Deposits in exchange for one or more non-interest
bearing unsecured promissory notes issued by the Company to the Sponsor to benefit its Public Stockholders. 

F- 10 

excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded
foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its
shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased
at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition,
certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any share redemption or other
share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject
to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination,
extension vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases
in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and
amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection
with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and
other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder,
the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available
on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

F- 11 

, and any cash held in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such
accounts. 

and 
in cash equivalents held outside the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 12 

F- 13 

shares of Class A common stock were redeemed. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares
of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, respectively, outside of
the stockholders deficit section of the Company s balance sheets. 

F- 14 

shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted income per
share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded
from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net income per common stock 

Diluted net income per common stock 

F- 15 

Units, including Over-Allotment Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred
underwriting commissions. 

Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million. 

shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share, (the Founder Shares for an aggregate price
of . The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised
in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after
the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full on February 9, 2021; thus, these Founder
Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150
days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange,
reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common
stock for cash, securities or other property. 

F- 16 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed
approximately under the Note and repaid the Note in full upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 

million for costs
reasonably related to the Company s consummation of an initial business combination. The Loan Note does not bear any interest. The
Loan Note is payable on the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination and (ii)
the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. The Loan Note is subject to customary events if default, including failure by
the Company to pay the principal amount due pursuant to the Loan Note within five business days of the Maturity Date and certain bankruptcy
events of the Company. 

, rounded up to the nearest whole number of warrants. The Conversion Warrants shall be identical to the warrants issued by the Company
to the Sponsor in a private placement upon consummation of the Company s initial public offering. The Conversion Warrants are subject
to customary registration rights granted by the Company to the Sponsor pursuant to the Loan Note. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
million and million was drawn under the Promissory Note - related party, respectively, presented at the fair value of and
 million on the accompanying balance sheets, respectively. 

million for costs reasonably related
to the Company s consummation of an initial Business Combination. The Second Loan Note does not bear any interest. The Second Loan
Note is payable on the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which Compute Health consummates its initial business combination and (ii)
the date that the winding up of Compute Health is effective. On July 28, 2022, the Company borrowed under the Second Loan Note.
As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding under the Second Loan Note and is available for future borrowings. 

into the Trust Account for each Remaining Public Share, up to a total of per month. As the Extension
Proposal was approved, the Company has made contributions to the Trust Account of , which was funded by advances to the Company
from the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022, was outstanding and presented as due to related party on the accompanying balance
sheets. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the advance has been formalized as a promissory note from the Sponsor. See Note 12. 

F- 17 

per month for administrative and support services. The Sponsor has waived these
fees through December 31, 2022. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the
Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in
full on February 9, 2021. 

per Unit, or approximately million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An
additional fee of per Unit, or approximately million in the aggregate would be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee was to become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event
that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On November 15, 2022, the Company
received notification from Goldman Sachs, the underwriters in the Company s Initial Public Offering, that Goldman Sachs waives any
entitlement it may have to the deferred underwriting commissions. As such, the deferred underwriting fee liability has been reversed as
of December 31, 2022. 

million and million, respectively, and is included as deferred legal
fees on the accompanying balance sheets. 

million Arrangement ). Per the Arrangement,
the million fee for these services is contingent upon the closing of a Business Combination and therefore not included as liabilities
on the accompanying balance sheets. Under the arrangement, the Company will also reimburse Credit Suisse for reasonable expenses. 

million to million. As of December 31, 2022, no expenses
have been claimed. 

F- 18 

Public Warrants and Private Warrants outstanding. 

). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later
than 20 business days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts
to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the
closing of the Company s initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common
stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities
Act in accordance with the above requirements, the Company will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares
to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the
securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if the
Company s shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange
such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may,
at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect
a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register
or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. 

F- 19 

F- 20 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s
Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares
of Class A common stock outstanding, respectively, all of which were subject to possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent
equity in the balance sheets. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Redemption of 77,026,806 shares of Class A common stock 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31 2022 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were and shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, all of which are subject to possible redemption
and have been classified as temporary equity (see Note 8). 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

vote. 

F- 21 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering
plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination
(net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination and excluding any shares
or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business Combination). 

-

State 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 

Federal 

State 
 -
 
 -

Valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

that could be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 the carry forward
was fully utilized with the positive taxable income of the Company generated by the interest earned in the Trust Account. As such, there
were no U.S. federal operating loss carry forwards as of December 31, 2022. 

and during the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 22 

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 -

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Transaction costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities 

Loss on promissory note related party 

Change in fair value of promissory note related party 

Gain from reversal of deferred underwriting liability - Public Warrants 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax rate (benefit) 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - public warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Derivative warrant liabilities - private warrants 
 -

-

Convertible promissory note - related party short term 
 -
 
 -

F- 23 

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - public warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Derivative warrant liabilities - private warrants 
 -

-

Convertible promissory note - related party 
 -
 
 -

Stock price 

Expected life of the options to convert 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

Probability of successful Business Combination 
 - 

F- 24 

Change in fair value of Promissory Note - related party 

Fair Value of Promissory Note - related party, December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of Promissory Note - related party 

Fair Value of Promissory Note - related party, December 31, 2022 

shares of Pubco common stock for a purchase price of
 per share, or an aggregate of approximately million, in a private placement. 

F- 25 

shares of the New Company to Allurion equityholders, with the consideration payable to Allurion equityholders
based on an assumed million pro forma enterprise value of the combined New Company. The proposed transaction also includes a minimum
cash condition of million (net of certain expenses) and is expected to provide a minimum of million of gross cash proceeds. 

shares of the Company for each non-redeemed share of the Company s Class
A common stock. Additionally, in connection with the CPUH Merger, the warrant adjustment provision
under the Company s warrant agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
as warrant agent, is expected to be triggered, and the Parties have agreed to take certain actions, described below, with respect to the
applicability of such provision to the Proposed Transactions. 

shares of Class B common stock owned by him. 

for (i) costs reasonably related to the Company s consummation of an initial Business Combination
and (ii) deposits into the Trust Account in connection with the extension of the deadline for the Company to consummate its initial Business
Combination from February 9, 2023 to August 9, 2023. The Third Loan Note does not bear any interest. The Third Loan Note is payable on
the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination and (ii) the date that the winding
up of the Company is effective. The Third Loan Note is subject to customary events of default, including failure by the Company to pay
the principal amount due pursuant to the Third Loan Note within five business days of the maturity date and certain bankruptcy events
of the Company. 

F- 26 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9.A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer has concluded
that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We do not expect that
our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and
procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules
and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting
were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 covered by this Annual Report
on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9.B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9.C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspection. 

Not Applicable. 

55 

PART
III. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our current directors and executive officer are
as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Omar Ishrak 
 
 67 
 
 Chairman, Director 
 
 Jean Nehm 
 
 38 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Joshua Fink 
 
 45 
 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Hani Barhoush 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Harsh 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Gwendolyn A. Watanabe 
 
 51 
 
 Director 

Dr. Omar Ishrak has
been Chairman of our Board of directors since inception. Dr. Ishrak serves as Chairman of the Board of directors at Intel. Dr. Ishrak
was CEO of Medtronic from June 2011 to April 2020 and served as Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board of directors until he stepped
down in December 2020. In January 2020, Dr. Ishrak was named independent Chairman of the Board of directors of Intel. Dr. Ishrak has served
as a member of the Intel board since March 2017. Prior to joining Medtronic, Dr. Ishrak was President and CEO of GE Healthcare Systems.
He held several other roles at General Electric Company GE during his 16-year tenure. Earlier in his career, Dr. Ishrak
amassed 13 years of technology development and business management experience, holding leadership positions at Diasonics/Vingmed, and
various product development and engineering positions at Philips Ultrasound. He was inducted to the American Institute for Medical and
Biological Engineering (AIMBE) College of Fellows in 2016 and was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2020. Dr. Ishrak serves
on the Board of directors of the Cleveland Clinic, a nonprofit academic medical center. He is also a member of the Board of Trustees of
the Asia Society, the leading educational organization dedicated to promoting mutual understanding and strengthening partnerships among
peoples, leaders and institutions of Asia and the United States in a global context. In addition, he is a member of the Minnesota Public
Radio Board of Trustees. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of London, King s
College. He is also a Fellow of King s College. 

Dr. Jean Nehm 
 has been our co-Chief Executive Officer since inception. Dr. Nehm co-founded Digital Surgery in 2011 while training in plastic
surgery in London and has continued to serve in his role after Digital Surgery was acquired by Medtronic in February 2020 to be integrated
into the MITG Robotics division. Dr. Nehm earned multiple awards for his research in innovation and application of surgical technology
and simulation. He has presented at multiple international conferences and won the Founders Forum Singapore Rising Star award and the
London Business School Deloitte Digital Health Award in 2015. Dr. Nehm completed his masters in surgical technology at Imperial
College London. 

Joshua Fink has been our
co-Chief Executive Officer since inception. He is the Managing Partner of Ophir Holdings, a private investment company, which invests
across a broad spectrum of industries including technology, healthcare and natural resources. Mr. Fink is Vice Chairman of the Electrum
Group LLC, a firm that primarily invests in the mining sector, with a focus on precious metals. Mr. Fink serves as a Senior Advisor at
SoftBank Investment Advisors. He is an advisor to 8VC, a leading Silicon Valley venture capital firm founded by Joe Lonsdale. Mr. Fink
is the Managing Partner of Luma Bio-IT SPV, an investment vehicle focused on emerging to mid-sized companies in the Bio-IT and pharma-IT
spaces. He is also a Founding Partner at Ascendant Capital Partners, a vertically integrated real estate investment and operating vehicle
with an investment focus on urban hospitality, data infrastructure and technology-enabled multifamily assets. Mr. Fink holds a BA from
the University of Pennsylvania. 

Hani Barhoush has
been a director since February 2021. He currently serves as the CEO of Disruptive Investments at Mubadala Investment Company and is responsible
for overseeing a number of business Units including Ventures and Growth, Credit Investments, as well as investment programs in France,
China, and Russia and CIS. He also oversees Mubadala Capital, Mubadala s wholly-owned subsidiary focused on 3rd party asset management.
He is also a member of Mubadala s Investment Committee. Additionally, he serves on the board of Fortress Investment Group LLC. Mr.
Barhoush joined Mubadala in 2004. Prior to joining Mubadala, Mr. Barhoush was a member of Merrill Lynch s New York-based investment
banking team, where he focused on mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Barhoush holds a B.S.F.S. from Georgetown University s Edmund A.
Walsh School of Foreign Service, an M.P.P. of from Harvard University s John F. Kennedy School of Government and a J.D. from Harvard
Law School. 

56 

Michael Harsh has
been a director since February 2021. He is a co-founder and Chief Product Officer of Terapede Systems, a digital X-ray startup that focuses
on developing an ultra-high resolution medical flat panel X-ray detector. Prior to co-founding Terapede Systems in 2015, Mr. Harsh had
a 36-year long career with General Electric, including serving as Global Technology Leader - Imaging Technologies at the GE Global Research
Center and culminating with him serving as Vice President and Chief Technology of GE Healthcare. Additionally, he serves on the boards
of directors of Endra Life Sciences (NASDAQ: NDRA), Imagion Biosystems (IBX.AX), and EmOpti as well as being a member the Radiological
Society of North America RSNA ), Research Education Foundation Board of Trustees. He had previously served as a director
for FloDesign Sonics until its acquisition by MilliporeSigma, a division of the Merck Group. Mr. Harsh is a graduate of Marquette University,
where he earned a bachelor s degree in Electrical Engineering. He holds numerous U.S. patents in the field of medical imaging and
instrumentation. In 2008, Mr. Harsh was elected to the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering College of Fellows for
his significant contributions to the medical and biological engineering field. 

Gwendolyn A. Watanabe 
has been a director since February 2021. She is a Managing Director of H.I.G. BioHealth Partners, focusing on investment opportunities
in the life sciences sector, including biopharmaceuticals, health care IT, medical devices, and diagnostics. Ms. Watanabe has been active
in the life sciences sector for more than 28 years. Previously, she served as the General Manager and Vice President of US Robotics for
Smith and Nephew and as the Corporate Vice President of Global Corporate Development, Strategy and Strategic Relationships at Teleflex
where for eight years she presided over all global acquisitions. Ms. Watanabe joined Teleflex as a result of Teleflex s acquisition
of Hotspur Technologies, a company she co-founded and served as President and Chief Executive Officer. She was also a co-founder of Nellix
Endovascular, Bacchus Vascular and AneuRx, all three of which were medical device companies later acquired by larger strategic players.
In addition, Ms. Watanabe has been general partner of several private equity entities. She is currently an observer on the board of Augmedics.
Ms. Watanabe holds an M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Stanford University, as well as an MBA from Harvard Business School. She also
holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where she simultaneously completed her pre- med
requirements. 

Director Independence 

The rules of the NYSE require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Initial Public Offering. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the
listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company).
We have three independent directors as defined in the NYSE rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined that
each of Hani Barhoush, Michael Harsh and Gwendolyn A. Watanabe is an independent director under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. Our independent
directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Number, Terms of Office and Election of Officers and Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of seven members. Our board of directors has been divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year
and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The
term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Michael Harsh and Gwendolyn A. Watanabe will expire at our first annual
meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Hani Barhoush, will expire at the second annual
meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Omar Ishrak, Jean Nehm and Joshua Fink,
will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our
initial Business Combination. 

Prior to our initial Business
Combination, only holders of our Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our Public
Shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of our initial
Business Combination, holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock may remove a member of the board of
directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by a resolution
passed by the holders of a majority of shares of our Class B common stock. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our
officers may consist of one or more Chairmen of the Board, one or more Chief Executive Officers, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief
Investment Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

57 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of
our committees are composed solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board of
directors and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our audit
committee are Hani Barhoush, Michael Harsh and Gwendolyn A. Watanabe. Gwendolyn A. Watanabe serves as chairman of the audit committee. 

Each member of the audit
committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Gwendolyn A. Watanabe qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We have adopted an audit
committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal
and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the
performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered
public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting
firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the
auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting
firm; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
firm describing (1) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material
issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation
by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by
the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements
with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of
Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any
employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any
significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory
authorities. 

58 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation
committee are Hani Barhoush and Gwendolyn A. Watanabe. Hani Barhoush serves as chairman of the compensation committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive
Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any
incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements
for our officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
as indicated above, other than reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar
fees, will be paid to any of our initial stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any
services they render in order to complete the consummation of a Business Combination, except that at the closing of our initial Business
Combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee, which will not be made from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
held in the Trust Account prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the
event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships,
services or resources in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial Business Combination. The amount of any such financial consulting
fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject
to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may
present conflicts of interest. We would disclose any such fee in the proxy or tender offer materials used in connection with a proposed
Business Combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the compensation committee
will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such
initial Business Combination. 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal
counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser.
However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation
committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. 

59 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating
and corporate governance committee are Michael Harsh and Gwendolyn A. Watanabe. Michael Harsh serves as chairman of the nominating and
corporate governance committee. 

We have adopted a nominating
and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance
committee, including: 

identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria
approved by the board of directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual stockholder
meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 

developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance
guidelines; 

coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual
directors and management in the governance of the company; and 

reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when
necessary. 

The charter also provides
that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any
search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and is directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other
retention terms. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders.
Prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination
to our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
ethics and business conduct (our Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy
of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to this Annual Report. We have also posted a copy of our Code of Ethics and the charters of our audit
committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee on our website: www.compute-health.com under
 Governance - Governance Documents. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website
is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. You are able to review these documents
by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge
upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each of our officers and
directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one
or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity
to such entities. Such entities may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If such entities decide to pursue any such opportunity,
we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination
opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he
or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present
it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability complete our Business
Combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. For more information, see the section entitled Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
- Conflicts of Interest. 

We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability complete our Business
Combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. 

60 

Potential investors should
also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly,
may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment
and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated.
Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder
Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Additionally, our Sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if we fail to consummate
our initial Business Combination within 30 months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, although
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if we fail to complete
our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within such
allotted time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption
of our Public Shares, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares will
not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial stockholders until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our
initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to our initial Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class
A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
after our initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash,
securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants, the warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our
Sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination. Since our officers and directors
may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following the Initial Public Offering, our officers and directors may have a
conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to complete our initial
Business Combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business
Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination. 

Our officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a Business Combination
and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from them or their affiliates to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended
initial Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option
of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and
exercise period. 

In general, officers and
directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation
if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to
the attention of the corporation. 

61 

Accordingly, as a result
of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities
meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

Below is a table summarizing
the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Omar Ishrak 
 
 Medtronic 
 
 Medical Devices 
 
 Former Chairman 

Intel 
 
 Semiconductors 
 
 Director 
 
 Jean Nehm 
 
 Medtronic 
 
 Medical Devices 
 
 Employee (1) 
 
 Joshua Fink 
 
 Ophir Holdings 
 
 Investment Company 
 
 Managing Partner 

Electrum Group LLC 
 
 Investment Company 
 
 Vice Chairman 

SoftBank Investment Advisors 
 
 Investment Company 
 
 Senior Advisor 

Luma Bio-IT SPV 
 
 Investment Company 
 
 Managing Partner 
 
 Hani Barhoush 
 
 MDC Capital Management (RS) Limited (2) 
 
 Investment Company 
 
 Director 

MIC Capital Partners (US) IM, LLC (2) 
 
 Investment Company 
 
 Manager 

Fortress Investment Group LLC 
 
 Investment Company 
 
 Director 
 
 Michael Harsh 
 
 EmOpti, Inc. 
 
 Telehealth Services 
 
 Director 

Endra Life Sciences 
 
 Life Sciences 
 
 Director 

Imagion Biosystems 
 
 Life Sciences 
 
 Director 
 
 Gwendolyn A. Watanabe 
 
 H.I.G. BioHealth Partners 
 
 Investment Company 
 
 Managing Director 

Misonix, Inc. 
 
 Medical Devices 
 
 Director 

(1) Jean Nehm is a party to a non-compete agreement with
Medtronic. The non-compete agreement precludes Dr. Nehm from, providing services to any business which may compete with Medtronic,
without Medtronic s consent. The non-competition restriction extends to the later of February 12, 2023 or six months after the
end of Dr. Nehm s employment by Medtronic. Dr. Nehm is currently employed by Medtronic. No assurance can be given
that Medtronic would provide any consent on terms satisfactory to us or at all. As a result, we may be precluded from pursuing an initial
Business Combination with certain businesses, which could limit our prospects for an initial Business Combination and make us a less
attractive buyer to certain target companies. In addition, if our initial Business Combination does not cause Dr. Nehm to violate
the non-compete agreement, no assurance can be given that the combined company would not in the future engage in competitive activities
which would cause Dr. Nehm to be in breach of the non-compete agreement. 

(2) Includes certain of its funds and other affiliates. 

Accordingly, if any of our
officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she
has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such Business
Combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines
to present the opportunity to us. In addition, we might be required to seek another entity s approval prior to engaging with or
entering into a business opportunity, although to the best of our knowledge we do not believe that any such entities have an interest
in directly acquiring the companies we intend to pursue. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business
may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 

We do not believe, however,
that the fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete
our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any
corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or
her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake
and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

62 

We are not prohibited from
pursuing an initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers, or directors,
or any of their respective affiliates. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a target business that is
affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers or directors, or any of their affiliates, we, or a committee of independent directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions that our initial Business Combination is fair to us from a financial point of view. 

In the event that we submit
our initial Business Combination to our Public Stockholders for a vote, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any Founder
Shares and any Public Shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

None of our directors or
officers have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed
on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of our initial Business Combination and our liquidation, we will pay an affiliate of our
Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for administrative and support services. Our Sponsor, directors and officers, or any of their respective
affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, directors, officers or our or any of their affiliates. 

After the completion of our
initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other
compensation from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. It is
unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the completion of our initial
Business Combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We are not party to any agreements
with our directors and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we do not
believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination should be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information
available to us at April 3, 2023 with respect to our common stock held by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common
stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

63 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these are not
exercisable within 60 days of April 3, 2023. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock (2) 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of 
 Class 
 Issued and 
 Outstanding 
 Common 
Stock 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of 
 Class 
 Issued and 
 Outstanding 
 Common 
Stock 
 
 Compute Health Sponsor LLC (our Sponsor) (3) 

21,442,500 
 99.6 
 
 Jean Nehm 

21,442,500 
 99.6 
 
 Joshua Fink 

21,442,500 
 99.6 
 
 Omar Ishrak 

21,442,500 
 99.6 
 
 Hani Barhoush 

30,000 

Michael Harsh 
 10,000 
 
 30,000 

Gwendolyn A. Watanabe 

30,000 

All directors and officers as a group (6 individuals) 
 10,000 
 
 21,532,500 
 100 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is c/o Compute Health Acquisition Corp, 1100 North Market Street, 4 th
 Floor, Wilmington, DE 19890. 

(2) Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of
Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section of our prospectus filed with the SEC
pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-252245) entitled Description of Securities. 

(3) Compute Health Sponsor LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder
of the Class B common stock reported herein. The members of our Sponsor, Drs. Nehm and Ishrak and Mr. Fink, by virtue of their
shared control over our Sponsor, may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our Sponsor. 

Our initial stockholders
beneficially own approximately 70.0 of the issued and outstanding common stock. Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders
may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors,
amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions, including approval
of our initial Business Combination. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of
any proposed Business Combination and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial
Business Combination or amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Our officers and sponsor
are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

Founder Shares 

On October 16, 2020, the
Sponsor purchased 21,562,500 Founder Shares for an aggregate price of 25,000. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 2,812,500 Founder Shares
to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent
20.0 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment
option in full on February 9, 2021; thus, these 2,812,500 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The initial stockholders
agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one
year after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last
reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger,
capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

64 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 12,833,333 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of
 1.50 per to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 19.3 million. 

Each Private Placement Warrant
is exercisable for one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per common share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale
of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.
The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable (except as described in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
under Warrants - Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 so long
as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. 

The purchasers of the Private
Placement Warrants agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants (except
to permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

If we do not complete an
Initial Business Combination within 30 months from the closing of the Public Offering or during any Extension Period, the proceeds of
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, subject to the requirements of applicable
law, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of Founder Shares,
Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any (and any shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans),
were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering.
These holders were entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. However, the registration rights agreement
provided that the Company would not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective
until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such
registration statements. 

Related Party Notes 

On October 16, 2020, the
Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to
the Note. This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately
 266,000 under the Note and repaid the Note in full upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering. 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. On April 6, 2021, the Company entered
into the Loan Note, or Promissory Note related party, with the Sponsor, pursuant to which, the Sponsor, in its sole and absolute
discretion, may loan to the Company up to 1,500,000 for costs reasonably related to the Company s consummation of an initial Business
Combination. The Loan Note does not bear any interest. The Loan Note is payable on the earliest to occur of (i) the date on which the
Company consummates its initial Business Combination and (ii) the date that the winding up of the Company is effective. The Loan Note
is subject to customary events if default, including failure by the Company to pay the principal amount due pursuant to the Loan Note
within five business days of the Maturity Date and certain bankruptcy events of the Company. 

At the Sponsor s option,
at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance of the Loan Note, the Sponsor may elect to convert all or any portion of
the unpaid principal balance of the Loan Note into that number of warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of common stock
of the Company (the Conversion Warrants ), equal to: (x) the portion of the principal amount of the Loan Note being converted,
divided by (y) 1.50, rounded up to the nearest whole number of warrants. The Conversion Warrants shall be identical to the warrants issued
by the Company to the Sponsor in a private placement upon consummation of the Company s initial public offering. The Conversion
Warrants are subject to customary registration rights granted by the Company to the Sponsor pursuant to the Loan Note. As of September
30, 2021, 1.5 million was drawn on the Promissory Note - related party, presented at its fair value of 1.4 million on the accompanying
unaudited condensed balance sheets. There were no Working Capital Loans outstanding as of December 31, 2020.] 5 

5 Note to accountants: Please update to align with the
other disclosure covering this topic. 

65 

Administrative Services Agreement 

Commencing on the date that
the Company s securities were first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and
the liquidation, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for administrative and support services. The Sponsor
has waived these fees through December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Fees for professional services provided by our
independent registered public accounting firm for the last two fiscal years include: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 92,185 
 79,245 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 5,000 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 9,785 
 8,549 
 
 All Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 101,970 
 92,794 

(1) Audit Fees. Audit fees consist
of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

(2) Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our
year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not
required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of
fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. 

(4) All Other Fees. All other fees
consist of fees billed for all other services including permitted due diligence services related potential Business Combination. 

Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit
Services of the Independent Auditors 

The audit committee is responsible
for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit
committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent
auditors as provided under the audit committee charter. 

66 

PART
IV. 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents
are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Financial Statements: See Item 8. Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data herein. 

(b) Exhibits: The exhibits
listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

No. 
 
 Description
of Exhibit 6 
 
 2.1 (1) 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023, by and among the Company, Compute Health Corp., Compute Health LLC, Allurion Technologies Holdings, Inc. and Allurion Technologies, Inc. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. 
 
 3.2 (2) 
 
 Bylaws of the Company. 
 
 4.1 (3) 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent. 
 
 4.2 (6) 
 
 Description of the Company s securities 
 
 10.1 (3) 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors. 
 
 10.2 (3) 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 
 
 10.3 (3) 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other security holders party thereto. 
 
 10.4 (3) 
 
 Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.5 (3) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and Osama Alswailem. 
 
 10.6 (3) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and Hani Barhoush. 
 
 10.7 (3) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and Joshua Fink. 
 
 10.8 (3) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and Michael Harsh. 
 
 10.9 (3) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and Omar Ishrak. 
 
 10.10 (3) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and Jean Nehm . 
 
 10.11 (3) 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and Gwendolyn A. Watanabe. 
 
 10.12 (3) 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.13 (4) 
 
 Loan Note, dated April 6, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 10.14 (5) 
 
 Loan Note, dated July 28, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor. 

10.15 (1) 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023, by and among the Company, the Sponsor, Allurion Technologies Holdings, Inc., Allurion Technologies, Inc. and the independent directors of the The Company 
 
 10.16 (1) 
 
 Stockholder Support Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023, by and among the Company, Allurion Technologies Holdings, Inc., Allurion Technologies, Inc. and certain stockholders of Allurion Technologies, Inc. 
 
 10.17 (1) 
 
 Non-Redemption Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023, by and among the Company, Allurion Technologies, Inc., Pubco and Medtronic, Inc. 
 
 10.18 (1) 
 
 Form of Investor Rights Agreement. 
 
 10.19 (1) 
 
 Form of PIPE Subscription Agreement. 
 
 10.20 (1) 
 
 Form of PIPE Subscription Agreement. 
 
 10.21 (1) 
 
 RTW Side Letter, dated as of February 9, 2023, by and among the Company, Allurion Technologies Holdings, Inc., Allurion Technologies, Inc., Compute Health LLC, RTW Master Fund, Ltd., RTW Innovation Master Fund, Ltd. and RTW Venture Fund Limited. 

67 

10.22 (1) 
 
 Revenue Interest Financing Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023, by and among Allurion Technologies, Inc., RTW Master Fund, Ltd., RTW Innovation Master Fund, Ltd. and RTW Venture Fund Limited. 
 
 10.23 (1) 
 
 Bridging Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2023, by and among Allurion Technologies, Inc. and Fortress Credit Corp. 
 
 10.24 (1) 
 
 Loan Note Instrument, dated as of February 9, 2023, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. 

14.01 (6) 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct of the Company. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1 filed on January 20, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2021. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 12, 2021. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2022. 

(6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

68 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

COMPUTE HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: April 3, 2023 
 /s/ Joshua Fink 

By: Joshua Fink 

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Omar Ishrak 

Name: 
 Omar Ishrak 

Title: 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 

Date: 
 April 3, 2023 

/s/ Joshua Fink 

Name: 
 Joshua Fink 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) and Director 

Date: 
 April 3, 2023 

/s/ Jean Nehm 

Name: 
 Jean Nehm 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 April 3, 2023 

/s/ Hani Barhoush 

Name: 
 Hani Barhoush 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 April 3, 2023 

/s/ Michael Harsh 

Name: 
 Michael Harsh 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 April 3, 2023 

/s/ Gwendolyn A. Watanabe 

Name: 
 Gwendolyn A. Watanabe 

Title: 
 Director 

Date: 
 April 3, 2023 

69 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_computehealth.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
OF 
COMPUTE HEALTH ACQUISITION CORP. 

December 5, 2022 

Compute Health Acquisition
Corp., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), DOES
HEREBY CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS: 

1. The name of the Corporation
is Compute Health Acquisition Corp. The original certificate of incorporation of the Corporation was filed
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 7, 2020 (the Original Certificate ). 

2. This Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate was duly adopted by the Board of Directors
of the Corporation (the Board and the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Sections 228, 242
and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time (the DGCL ). 

3. This Amended and Restated
Certificate restates, integrates and amends the provisions of the Original Certificate. Certain capitalized terms used in this Amended
and Restated Certificate are defined where appropriate herein. 

4. The text of the Original
Certificate is hereby restated and amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

Article
I 

NAME 

The name of the corporation
is Compute Health Acquisition Corp. (the Corporation ). 

Article
II 

PURPOSE 

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL. In addition to the powers and privileges
conferred upon the Corporation by law and those incidental thereto, the Corporation shall possess and may exercise all the powers and
privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the business or purposes of the Corporation, including,
but not limited to, effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination, involving the Corporation and one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). 

Article
III 
 
REGISTERED AGENT 

The address of the registered
office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1105 North Market Street, Suite 1300, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801.
The name of the Corporation s registered agent at such address is Wilmington Trust SP Services, Inc. 

Article
IV 
 
CAPITALIZATION 

Section 4.1 Authorized
Capital Stock . The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, which the Corporation
is authorized to issue is 333,000,000, consisting of (a) 330,000,000 shares of common stock, including (i) 300,000,000 shares of Class
A common stock (the Class A Common Stock and (ii) 30,000,000 shares of Class B common stock (the Class
B Common Stock , and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock ), and (b) 3,000,000
shares of preferred stock (the Preferred Stock ). 

Section 4.2 Preferred Stock .
Subject to Article IX of this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. The Board is hereby expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of the Preferred Stock in one or more series and
to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights, if any, designations,
powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, if any, of each such series and any qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issuance
of such series and included in a certificate of designation (a Preferred Stock Designation filed pursuant
to the DGCL, and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority to the full extent provided by law, now or hereafter, to adopt
any such resolution or resolutions. 

Section 4.3 Common Stock . 

(a) Except as otherwise required
by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common Stock shall exclusively
possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation. Subject to the provisions in Article IX hereof, the holders of shares
of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which the holders
of the Common Stock are entitled to vote. 

(b) Class B Common Stock. 

(i) Shares of Class
B Common Stock shall be convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio (A) at any time and from time to time at the option of the holder thereof and (B) automatically on the closing of the initial Business
Combination. 

(ii) Notwithstanding
the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed
issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Corporation s initial public offering of securities (the Offering and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, all issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock shall automatically
convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the closing of the initial Business Combination at a ratio for which: 

the numerator shall be equal to the sum of (A) 25 of all shares of Class A Common Stock issued or issuable (upon the conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or otherwise) in each case by the Corporation related to or in connection with the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination and excluding any securities issued or issuable to any seller in the initial Business Combination) plus (B) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination; and 

the denominator shall be the number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination. 

As used herein, the term equity-linked
securities means any debt or equity securities of the Corporation that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A
Common Stock issued in a financing transaction in connection with the initial Business Combination, including but not limited to a private
placement of equity or debt. 

2 

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, (i) the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance
or deemed issuance of additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities by the written consent or agreement of holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding consenting or agreeing separately as a single class and (ii) in no
event shall the Class B Common Stock convert into Class A Common Stock at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. 

The foregoing conversion ratio
shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by stock split, subdivision, exchange, stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization
or otherwise) or combination (by reverse stock split, exchange, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or similar reclassification
or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original
filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification
or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. 

Each share of Class B Common
Stock shall convert into its pro rata number of shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) . The pro rata share
for each holder of Class B Common Stock will be determined as follows: Each share of Class B Common Stock shall convert into such number
of shares of Class A Common Stock as is equal to the product of one (1) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the
total number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock shall be converted
pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) and the denominator of which shall be the total number of issued and outstanding shares of Class
B Common Stock at the time of conversion. 

(c) Except as otherwise required
by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation and Section 9.9 hereof), at any annual
or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, the holders of the Class A Common Stock and the holders of the Class B Common
Stock, voting together as a single class, shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters
properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and
Restated Certificate (including a Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment
to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms
of one or more outstanding series of the Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series of Preferred Stock are entitled, either
separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate
(including any Preferred Stock Designation) or the DGCL. 

(d) Subject to applicable law,
the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article IX hereof, the
holders of the shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or
capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Corporation
legally available therefor, and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. 

(e) Subject to applicable law,
the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article IX hereof, in
the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment
of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the
remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of the
Common Stock held by them. 

Section 4.4 Rights and
Options . The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to purchase
shares of any class or series of the Corporation s capital stock or other securities of the Corporation, and such rights, warrants
and options shall be evidenced by or in instrument(s) approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration,
times for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options; provided , however , that the consideration
to be received for any shares of capital stock subject thereto may not be less than the par value thereof. 

3 

Article
V 
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Section 5.1 Board Powers .
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board. In addition to the powers and authority
expressly conferred upon the Board by statute, this Amended and Restated Certificate or the Bylaws of the Corporation (the Bylaws ),
the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation,
subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL and this Amended and Restated Certificate and the Bylaws. 

Section 5.2 Number, Election
and Term . 

(a) The number of directors
of the Corporation shall be fixed from time to time in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 

(b) Subject to Section 5.5 
hereof, the Board shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible and designated Class I, Class II and Class
III. The term of the initial Class I Directors shall expire at the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following
the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate; the term of the initial Class II Directors shall expire at the second annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate; and the term of the
initial Class III Directors shall expire at the third annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness
of this Amended and Restated Certificate. At each succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, beginning with the
first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate, successors
to the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term or until the election and qualification
of their respective successors in office, subject to their earlier death, resignation or removal. Subject to Section 5.5 hereof,
if the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the classes so as to maintain
the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, but in no case shall a decrease in the number of directors shorten
the term of any incumbent director. Subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock, voting separately by
class or series, to elect directors pursuant to the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock, the election of directors shall be
determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled
to vote thereon. The Board is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution or resolutions thereof, to assign members of the Board already
in office to the aforesaid classes at the time this Amended and Restated Certificate (and therefore such classification) becomes effective
in accordance with the DGCL. 

(c) Subject to Section 5.5 
hereof, a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her successor
has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or
removal. 

(d) Unless and except to the
extent that the Bylaws shall so require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot. The holders of shares of Common Stock
shall not have cumulative voting rights. 

Section 5.3 Newly Created
Directorships and Vacancies . Subject to Sections 5.5 and 9.9 hereof, newly created directorships resulting from an increase
in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or
other cause may be filled solely and exclusively by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum,
or by a sole remaining director (and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the full
term of the director to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor has been
elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 

Section 5.4 Removal .
Subject to Section 5.5 hereof and except as otherwise provided for by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including as set forth
on Section 9.9 hereof), any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the
affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation then
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

4 

Section 5.5 Preferred Stock
 Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V , and except as otherwise required by law, whenever
the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect one or more
directors, the term of office, the filling of vacancies, the removal from office and other features of such directorships shall be governed
by the terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock
Designation) and such directors shall not be included in any of the classes created pursuant to this Article V unless expressly
provided by such terms. 

Article
VI 
 
BYLAWS 

In furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power and is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or
repeal the Bylaws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The
Bylaws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders of the Corporation; provided , however , that
in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Amended and
Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting
power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders of the Corporation to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws; and
provided further, however, that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation shall invalidate any prior act of the
Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted. 

Article
VII 
 
MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS; ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT 

Section 7.1 Meetings .
Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, and to the requirements of applicable
law, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the
Corporation, or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, and the ability of the stockholders of the Corporation
to call a special meeting is hereby specifically denied. 

Section 7.2 Advance Notice .
Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting
of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 

Section 7.3 Action by Written
Consent . Subsequent to the consummation of the Offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation
must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders
of the Corporation other than with respect to Class B Common Stock with respect to which action may be taken by written consent. 

Article
VIII 
 
LIMITED LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 8.1 Limitation
of Director Liability . Unless a director violated his or her duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, acted in bad
faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions,
or derived improper personal benefit from his or her actions as a director, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable
to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption
from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. Any amendment, modification
or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect
of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 

5 

Section 8.2 Indemnification
and Advancement of Expenses . 

(a) To the fullest extent permitted
by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person
who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding by reason of the
fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving
at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture,
trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (an indemnitee ),
whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other
capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without
limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, excise taxes and penalties under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act and
amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with such proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest
extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise
participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided , however , that, to the extent required by
applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking,
by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the indemnitee is not entitled
to be indemnified under this Section 8.2 or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this
 Section 8.2 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer,
employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions
of this Section 8.2(a) , except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation
shall indemnify and advance expenses to an indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only
if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 

(b) The rights to indemnification
and advancement of expenses conferred on any indemnitee by this Section 8.2 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that any
indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law, this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders
or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 

(c) Any repeal or amendment
of this Section 8.2 by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provision of this
Amended and Restated Certificate inconsistent with this Section 8.2 , shall, unless otherwise required by law, be prospective only
(except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive
basis than permitted prior thereto), and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time
of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any proceeding (regardless of when such proceeding
is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment
or adoption of such inconsistent provision. 

(d) This Section 8.2 
shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance
expenses to persons other than indemnitees. 

Article
IX 
 
BUSINESS COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS; EXISTENCE 

Section 9.1 General . 

(a) The provisions of this Article
IX shall apply during the period commencing upon the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate and terminating upon the
consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination and no amendment to this Article IX shall be effective prior
to the consummation of the initial Business Combination unless approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-five
percent (65 of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock. 

6 

(b) Immediately after the Offering,
a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds of any exercise of the
underwriters option to purchase additional securities) and certain other amounts specified in the Corporation s registration
statement on Form S-1, as initially filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on January
19, 2021, as amended (the Registration Statement ), shall be deposited in a trust account (the Trust
Account ), established for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust agreement described
in the Registration Statement. Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, none of the funds held in the Trust Account (including
the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account) will be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion
of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of 100 of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the Corporation is unable
to complete its initial Business Combination within 30 months from the date of the closing of the Offering and (iii) the redemption of
Offering Shares in connection with a vote seeking to amend any provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate (A) to modify the substance
or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with the Corporation s initial Business Combination
or to redeem 100 of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 30 months from
the date of the closing of the Offering or (B) relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (as
described in Section 9.7 ). Holders of shares of the Corporation s Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the
Offering (the Offering Shares (whether such Offering Shares were purchased in the Offering or in the secondary
market following the Offering and whether or not such holders are Compute Health Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor or officers or directors of the Corporation, or affiliates of any of the foregoing) are referred to herein as Public Stockholders . 

Section 9.2 Redemption
Rights . 

(a) Prior to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall provide all holders of Offering Shares with the opportunity to have their Offering
Shares redeemed (which redemption may be in the form of a repurchase by the Corporation) upon the consummation of the initial Business
Combination pursuant to, and subject to the limitations of, Sections 9.2(b) and 9.2(c) (such rights of such holders to have
their Offering Shares redeemed pursuant to such Sections, the Redemption Rights hereof for cash equal to
the applicable redemption price per share determined in accordance with Section 9.2(b) hereof (the Redemption Price ).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate, there shall be no Redemption Rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to any warrant issued pursuant to the Offering. 

(b) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares other than in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (or any successor
rules or regulations) and filing proxy materials with the SEC, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares upon the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) 
hereof pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation)
(such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Tender Offer Rules which it shall commence prior to the
consummation of the initial Business Combination and shall file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to the consummation of the initial
Business Combination that contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the
Redemption Rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations
hereinafter called the Proxy Solicitation Rules ), even if such information is not required under the Tender
Offer Rules; provided , however , that if a stockholder vote is required by law to approve the proposed initial Business Combination,
or the Corporation decides to submit the proposed initial Business Combination to the stockholders for their approval for business or
other reasons, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance
with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the Proxy Solicitation Rules
(and not the Tender Offer Rules) at a price per share equal to the Redemption Price calculated in accordance with the following provisions
of this Section 9.2(b) . In the event that the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares pursuant to a tender offer in accordance
with the Tender Offer Rules, the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares tendering their
Offering Shares pursuant to such tender offer shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing: (i) the aggregate amount on deposit
in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest (net of
taxes payable), by (ii) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares. If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares
in conjunction with a stockholder vote on the proposed initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation, the Redemption Price
per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares exercising their Redemption Rights shall be equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (a) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the
initial Business Combination, including interest (net of taxes payable), by (b) the total number of then outstanding Offering Shares. 

(c) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation,
a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), shall be restricted from redeeming Offering Shares
with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Offering Shares without the consent of the Corporation. 

(d) In the event that the Corporation
has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 30 months from the date of the closing of the Offering, the Corporation shall
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the Offering Shares in consideration of a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
(net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses), by (B) the total number of then outstanding
Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the Public Stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the remaining stockholders and the Board in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Corporation s
obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable law. 

7 

(e) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall consummate
the proposed initial Business Combination only if such initial Business Combination is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock that are voted at a stockholder meeting held to consider such initial Business Combination. 

Section 9.3 Distributions
from the Trust Account . 

(a) A Public Stockholder shall
be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only as provided in Sections 9.2(a) , 9.2(b) , 9.2(d) or 9.7 
hereof. In no other circumstances shall a Public Stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in or to distributions from the Trust
Account, and no stockholder other than a Public Stockholder shall have any interest in or to the Trust Account. 

(b) Each Public Stockholder
that does not exercise its Redemption Rights shall retain its interest in the Corporation and shall be deemed to have given its consent
to the release of the remaining funds in the Trust Account to the Corporation, and following payment to any Public Stockholders exercising
their Redemption Rights, the remaining funds in the Trust Account shall be released to the Corporation. 

(c) The exercise by a Public
Stockholder of the Redemption Rights (and any withdrawal of any exercise of such rights) shall be conditioned on such Public Stockholder
following the specific procedures for redemptions (or withdrawals, as applicable) set forth by the Corporation in any applicable tender
offer or proxy materials sent to the Corporation s Public Stockholders relating to the proposed initial Business Combination. Payment
of the amounts necessary to satisfy the Redemption Rights properly exercised shall be made as promptly as practical after the consummation
of the initial Business Combination. 

Section 9.4 Share Issuances .
Prior to the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall not issue any additional shares
of capital stock of the Corporation that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the Trust Account or vote on any initial
Business Combination or on any amendment to this Article IX . 

Section 9.5 Transactions
with Affiliates . In the event the Corporation enters into an initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated
with the Sponsor, or the directors or officers of the Corporation, the Corporation, or a committee of the independent directors of the
Corporation, shall obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions that such Business Combination is fair to the Corporation from a financial point of view. 

Section 9.6 No Transactions
with Other Blank Check Companies . The Corporation shall not enter into an initial Business Combination with solely another blank check
company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

Section 9.7 Additional
Redemption Rights . If, in accordance with Section 9.1(a) , any amendment is made to Section 9.2(d) that would (A) modify
the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with an initial Business Combination
or to redeem 100 of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within 30 months from
the date of the closing of the Offering, or (B) with respect to any other provision herein relating to stockholder s rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity, the Public Stockholders shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Offering Shares upon the
approval of any such amendment, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Offering Shares. 

Section 9.8 Minimum Value
of Target . The Corporation s initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an
aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting
discount and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account). 

Section 9.9 Appointment
and Removal of Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Amended and Restated Certificate, prior to the closing of the
initial Business Combination, the holders of Class B Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to elect, remove and replace any director,
and the holders of Class A Common Stock shall have no right to vote on the election, removal or replacement of any director. This Section
9.9 may only be amended by a resolution passed by holders of a majority of shares of the Class B Common Stock. 

Section 9.10 Approval
of Business Combination . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Amended and Restated Certificate, approval of the initial Business
Combination shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board, which must include a majority of the Corporation s independent
directors and each of the non-independent director nominees of the Sponsor. 

8 

Article
X 
 
CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY 

Prior to the consummation
of the Corporation s initial Business Combination, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, shall
not apply with respect to the Corporation or any of its officers or directors in circumstances where the application of any such doctrine
to a corporate opportunity would conflict with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of this Amended
and Restated Certificate or in the future, and the Corporation renounces any expectancy that any of the directors or officers of the Corporation
will offer any such corporate opportunity of which he or she may become aware to the Corporation. In addition to the foregoing, prior
to the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination, the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall not apply to
any other corporate opportunity with respect to any of the directors or officers of the Corporation unless such corporate opportunity
is offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and such opportunity is one the Corporation
is legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Corporation to pursue and the director or
officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to the Corporation without violating any legal obligation. 

Article
XI 
 
AMENDMENT OF AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

The Corporation reserves the
right to at any time and from time to time amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate
(including any Preferred Stock Designation), and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force
that may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Amended and Restated Certificate and the DGCL; and, except
as set forth in Article VIII , all rights, preferences and privileges of whatever nature herein conferred upon stockholders, directors
or any other persons by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted
subject to the right reserved in this Article XI ; provided , however , that Article IX of this Amended and Restated
Certificate may be amended only as provided therein. 

Article
XII 
 
EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LAWSUITS 

Section 12.1 Forum .
Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the
 Court of Chancery shall, to the fullest extent provided by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder
(including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation
or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees
arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Amended and Restated Certificate or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim
against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine and, if brought outside of Delaware,
the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel, except for,
as to each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party
not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, as to which the Court
of Chancery and the U.S. federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the provisions of this Section 12.1 will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the U.S. federal district courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Unless the Corporation consents in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the U.S. federal district courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, against the Corporation or any director, officer, other
employee or agent of the Corporation. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Corporation
shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 12.1 . 

Section 12.2 Consent to
Jurisdiction . If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 12.1 immediately above is filed in a
court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder,
such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and U.S. federal district courts located
within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 12.1 immediately above
(an FSC Enforcement Action and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such FSC
Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 

Section 12.3 Severability .
If any provision or provisions of this Article XII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person
or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability
of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article XII (including, without limitation,
each portion of any sentence of this Article XII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that
is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of
capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XII . 

[Signature Page Follows] 

9 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Compute
Health Acquisition Corp. has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate to be duly executed and acknowledged in its name and on its
behalf by an authorized officer as of the date first set forth above. 

Compute Health Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Joshua Fink 

Name: 
 Joshua Fink 

Title: 
 Co-Chief Executive Officer 

[ Signature page to Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation ] 

10 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_computehealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jean Nehm , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Compute Health Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

/s/ Jean Nehm 

Jean Nehm 

Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_computehealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Joshua Fink, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Compute Health Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

/s/ Joshua Fink 

Joshua Fink 

Co-Chief Executive Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_computehealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Compute
Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

/s/ Jean Nehm 

Jean Nehm 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_computehealth.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Compute
Health Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 3, 2023 

/s/ Joshua Fink 

Joshua Fink 

Co-Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) and Director 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cpuh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cpuh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cpuh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cpuh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cpuh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

