<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230519_10-K_edgar_data_78749_0000950170-23-023196.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19050745</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>225779</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5623602</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7618140</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1948813</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3267354</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-023196.hdr.sgml : 20230519
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230519140655
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-023196
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230519
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230519

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AGILYSYS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000078749
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				340907152
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-05734
		FILM NUMBER:		23939406

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 WINDWARD CONCOURSE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7708107800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 WINDWARD CONCOURSE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 250
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PIONEER STANDARD ELECTRONICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-023196.txt : 20230519

10-K
 1
 agys-20230331.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of Common Shares held by non-affiliates as of September 30, 2022, was . 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of May 12, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

AGILYSYS, INC. 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 
 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 
 4 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 4 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 

ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 

ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 20 

ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

PART II 
 22 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 

ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 23 

ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 

ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 35 

ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 

ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 64 

ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 64 

ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 64 

ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 64 

PART III 
 65 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 65 

ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 65 

ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 65 

ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 65 

ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 65 

PART IV 
 66 

ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 66 

SIGNATURES 
 
 70 

Forward Looking Information 
 
 2 

This Annual Report and other publicly available documents, including the documents incorporated herein and therein by reference, contain, and our officers and representatives may from time to time make, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements related to our current expectations, the performance of our business, our financial results, our liquidity and capital resources and other non-historical statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as: anticipate, intend, plan, goal, seek, believe, project, estimate, expect, strategy, future, likely, may, should, will and similar references to future periods. Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future performance. Instead, they are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict, and in many cases, are outside of our control. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, our ability to achieve operational efficiencies and meet customer demand for products and services as well as the other risks identified in the risk factors set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this Annual Report is based only on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it is made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement made in this Annual Report or any other forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether written or oral, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
 3 

Par t I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 Overview 
 Agilysys has been a leader in hospitality software for more than 40 years, delivering innovative state-of-the-art cloud-native SaaS and on-premise solutions for hotels, resorts and cruise lines, casinos, corporate foodservice management, restaurants, universities, stadiums, and healthcare. The Company s software solutions include point-of-sale (POS), property management (PMS), inventory and procurement, payments, and related applications that manage and enhance the entire guest journey. Agilysys also is known for its world-class customer-centric service. Many of the top hospitality companies around the world use Agilysys solutions to improve guest loyalty, drive revenue growth, and increase operational efficiencies. Agilysys operates across North America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia-Pacific, and India, with headquarters in Alpharetta, GA. 
 The Company has just one reportable segment serving the global hospitality industry. 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1000 Windward Concourse, Suite 250, Alpharetta, Georgia, 30005. 
 Reference herein to any particular year or quarter refers to periods within our fiscal year ended March 31. For example, fiscal 2023 refers to the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 History and Significant Events 
 Organized in 1963 as Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc., an Ohio corporation, we began operations as a distributor of electronic components and, later, enterprise computer solutions. Exiting the former business in fiscal 2003 with the sale of our Industrial Electronic Division, we used the proceeds to reduce debt and fund growth of our enterprise solutions business. This included acquiring businesses focused on higher-margin and more specialized solutions for the hospitality and retail industries. At the same time, we changed our name to Agilysys, Inc. 
 In fiscal 2004, we acquired Inter-American Data, Inc., which allowed us to become the leading developer and provider of technology solutions for hotel property management and inventory management in the casino and resort industries. 
 In fiscal 2007, we exited the enterprise computer distribution business. We used the proceeds from that sale to return cash to shareholders and fund a number of acquisitions that broadened our solutions and capabilities portfolios. We acquired InfoGenesis, Inc., Visual One Systems Corp. and Eatec Corporation in fiscal 2008, significantly expanding our specialized offerings to the hospitality industry through enterprise-class POS, PMS and inventory and procurement software solutions tailored for a variety of applications in cruise, golf, spa, gaming, lodging, resort and catering. These offerings feature highly intuitive, secure and robust solutions, easily scalable across multiple departments or property locations. 
 In fiscal 2012, we sold our IT solutions business and restructured our business model to focus on higher-margin, profitable growth opportunities in the hospitality and retail sectors. We also reduced our real-estate footprint and lowered overhead costs by relocating corporate services from Solon, Ohio to Alpharetta, Georgia, thus moving our senior management team closer to our remaining operating units. 
 In fiscal 2014, we sold our retail solutions and services business to Kyrus Solutions, Inc. (Kyrus), an affiliate of Clearlake Capital Group, L.P. Following completion of the transaction, our business focused exclusively on hospitality solutions and the growth opportunities in the hospitality market. 
 In fiscal 2018, we opened a software development center in Chennai, India, to supplement our product development efforts. 
 We converted to a Delaware corporation in February 2022. 
 Today, we are focused on providing state-of-the-art, end-to-end solutions that enhance guest and staff experiences and allow our customers to promote their brands. We help our customers win the guest recruitment battle and, in turn, grow revenue, reduce costs and increase efficiency. This is accomplished by developing and deploying innovative solutions that increase data speed and accuracy, integrate with other enterprise systems and create a common infrastructure for managing guest data thereby enabling more effective management, intelligent upselling, reduced shrinkage, improved brand recognition and better control of the guest relationship. 
 4 

Our strategy is to increase the proportion of revenue we derive from subscription services, cloud applications, ongoing support and maintenance agreements, and professional services. 
 Products, Support and Professional Services 
 We are a leading developer and marketer of software-enabled solutions and services to the hospitality industry, including software solutions fully integrated with third party hardware and operating systems; subscription and maintenance; and professional services. Areas of specialization are point of sale, property management, and a broad range of solutions that support the ecosystem of these core solutions. 
 We present revenue and costs of goods sold in three categories: 
 Products 

Subscription and maintenance 

Professional services 

Total revenue for these three specific areas is as follows: 

Year ended March 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Products 

43,638 

35,956 

26,714 

Subscription and maintenance 

118,285 

98,958 

88,565 

Professional services 

36,142 

27,722 

21,897 

Total 

198,065 

162,636 

137,176 

Products: Products revenue is comprised of revenue from the sale of software along with third party hardware and operating systems. Software sales include up front revenue for licensing our solutions on a perpetual basis. Software sales are driven by our solutions ability to help customers meet the demands of their guests and improve operating efficiencies. Our software revenue is also driven by the ability of our customers to configure our solutions for their specific needs and the robust catalog of integrations we offer to third party solutions. Our software solutions require varying form factors of third party hardware and operating systems to operate, such as staff facing terminals, kiosk solutions, mobile tablets or servers. Third party hardware and operating system revenue is typically driven by new customer wins and existing customer hardware refresh purchases. 
 Subscription and Maintenance: Software subscription and maintenance services are a significant portion of our consolidated revenue and typically generate higher profit margins than products revenue. Growth has been driven by a strategic focus on developing and promoting end-to-end solutions while market demand for innovative new products addressing specific hospitality needs continues to reinforce this trend. Our commitment to exceptional service has enabled us to become a trusted partner with customers who wish to optimize the level of service they provide to their guests and maximize commerce opportunities both on premise and in the cloud. 
 Professional Services: We have industry-leading expertise in designing, implementing, integrating and installing customized solutions into both traditional and newly created platforms. For existing enterprises, we seamlessly integrate new systems and for start-ups and fast-growing customers, we become a partner that can manage large-scale rollouts and tight construction schedules. Our extensive experience ranges from staging equipment to phased rollouts as well as training staff to provide operational expertise to help achieve maximum effectiveness and efficiencies in a manner that saves our customers time and money. 
 Our portfolio of hospitality software solutions: 
 The hospitality industry has long been focused on operating end-to-end businesses, but the technology vendors that service the industry have been focused on product-centric solutions that make use of a high number of software modules and operating silos. To resolve this disconnect and more effectively align with the business operations of our customers, we have evolved our approach to be focused on delivering integrated ecosystem cloud solutions for Hospitality Leisure, Food Beverage and Inventory Procurement functions through the Agilysys Hospitality Experience Cloud. 
 The Company delivers modular and integrated software solutions and expertise to businesses seeking to maximize Return on Experience (ROE) through hospitality encounters that are both personal and profitable. Over time, customers achieve High Return Hospitality by consistently delighting guests, retaining staff and growing margins. The Agilysys Hospitality Experience Cloud offers solution ecosystems that combine core operational systems for property management (PMS), point-of-sale (POS) and Inventory and Procurement (I P) with Experience Enhancers that meaningfully improve interactions for guests and for employees across 
 5 

dimensions such as digital access, mobile convenience, self-service control, personal choice, payment options, service coverage and real-time insights to improve decisions. Core solutions and Experience Enhancers are selectively combined in Hospitality Solution Studios tailored to specific hospitality settings and business needs. 
 Our integrated yet modular products allow hospitality operators to recruit and delight customers at their facilities, increase their wallet share from each guest, retain valuable staff and improve the overall experience throughout the entire guest journey from the initial customer touch point through post-visit interactions. 
 With our omni-channel suite of software products, we are uniquely positioned to offer solutions that allow customers to adhere to social distancing guidelines, offer contactless solutions at every point of the guest journey, and maximize operational efficiency all while providing an improved guest experience. 
 Food Beverage (F B) Ecosystem Solutions: 
 Agilysys Food Beverage Ecosystem solutions allow customers to provide their guests with an omni-channel experience within their property. Guests are empowered to create their own experiences through ordering from a mobile device or walking up to a self-service kiosk, but also providing for a more traditional experience with staff by interacting with a cashier or bar, or having a server come to them. Irrespective of the channel of interaction for the guest, our POS suite provides a single integrated enterprise-grade back-office management system with robust reporting capabilities. This allows our customers to manage menus, price changes, purchasing trends, inventory management and sales reporting from a single integrated source providing for increased efficiency as well as providing a richer guest profile. 

Agilysys InfoGenesis POS is a core F B solution. An award-winning point of sale solution that combines a fast, intuitive and highly customizable terminal application with powerful, flexible reporting and configuration capabilities in the back office management portal. The system is easy to set up, and its scalable architecture enables customers to add workstations without having to build out expensive infrastructure. InfoGenesis supports a wide range of POS devices from traditional POS terminals to iPads, Android tablets and mobile phones, allowing customers to seamlessly deploy a mix of POS experiences based upon guest and server requirements. The system s detailed and high-quality reporting capabilities provide insight into sales data and guest purchasing trends. Engineered for all regions of the world, the InfoGenesis POS solution suite offers a multinational set of features, including language, currency and local fiscal reporting, coupled with a robust enterprise management capability enabling the largest global customers to efficiently run their businesses. With a foundation platform of modern integration APIs, the solution is also capable of integrating with a variety of ancillary applications allowing our customers to keep their entire technology estate. InfoGenesis POS is available as a cloud-based or on-premise solution. 
 
 Agilysys IG Kiosk is a core F B solution. An enterprise-class self-service, customer-facing kiosk point of sale solution for the hospitality industry. It is ideal for food beverage venues such as buffets, grab n go, corporate cafeterias and food courts. Its flexibility supports a variety of operational workflows, such as order and pay , order only , pay at cashier and self-check-out, and integrates with a variety of property management, casino management and loyalty systems. IG Kiosk is currently deployed at more than 270 customer sites across the country, including corporate cafeterias at a top five U.S. bank, a top 40 U.S. law firm, one of the nation s largest technology manufacturers, and at a national financial services firm. 
 Agilysys IG Kiosk s intuitive guest-facing order and pay experiences transfer the control and convenience to the end user. The self-service components reduce on-site labor needed to manage venue operations, while improving guest throughput, check size, order accuracy, guest experience and satisfaction. The platform-driven and cloud-based solution allows for easy deployments and management at scale resulting in a lowered overall cost of ownership. 
 6 

Food Beverage Experience Enhancer Solutions: 

Agilysys IG Flex is a mobility solution that offers full point of sale functionality on a Windows tablet in 6, 8, or 10 form factors. It provides a sleek, modern alternative to traditional point of sale installations and can be used as a slim fixed terminal or as a convertible mobile POS simply by removing the tablet from its base. 

Agilysys IG KDS is a digital kitchen management solution that integrates with InfoGenesis, IG Buy Kiosk and IG OnDemand to deliver staff and customer-originated orders to the kitchen for preparation. Custom attributes such as guest phone number, name, guest location or packaging instructions can be provided on each incoming order so the order can be fulfilled promptly to guests. Guests can optionally be notified of order completion via an order status monitor (OSM) or via text message. 

Agilysys IG OnDemand provides a visual, interactive food and beverage ordering experience to any mobile device phone, tablet, laptop with a browser-based self-service experience. Using a simple, intuitive interface, guests can easily order and reorder from anywhere across the property, driving order velocity and volume. It also can meet the need for a tableside order and pay experience. It supports ordering for multiple guests at a table over the course of a meal using their own devices making the ordering process touchless while freeing up staff to spend more time with guests. 
 Agilysys IG OnDemand allows our customers to immediately offer an online ordering platform that is natively integrated with their physical location operations. Menus and price updates can be done in one place and automatically updated across all channels online web store, digital menus and app ordering as well as POS terminals. Orders placed online are routed automatically to the appropriate kitchen for preparation. Orders placed from all channels are automatically available on the POS terminal at the physical location. 

Agilysys IG Quick Pay allows guests to use their own mobile device, scan a QR code on the InfoGenesis check, review a digital copy of the check, add a tip initiate payment, maintaining a fully touchless guest payment experience. The product can be sold as a standalone payment solution or can be bundled with IG OnDemand for a complete order and pay experience. 
 
 Agilysys IG Smart Menu provides a touchless menu display on a guest s own mobile device - phone, tablet, laptop. Simply scan a QR code to access a venue menu that is linked directly to the actual items available in the IG OnDemand system, not a pdf or a website link. The product can be sold as a standalone menu solution or can be bundled with IG OnDemand for a complete menu, order and pay experience. 
 
 Agilysys IG Digital Menu Board provides large screen menu and image display on commercial television monitors. It will display a venue menu that is linked directly to the actual items available in the IG OnDemand system, not a pdf or a website link, so it can easily reflect the latest items and pricing. 
 7 

IG PanOptic AI-powered self-checkout kiosk allows guests to place multiple food items on the kiosk tray all at one time where our AI service uses computer vision AI to scan the items, recognize them and add them to the cart. 
 
 Agilysys Pay payment processing solution is our innovative payment gateway. Agilysys Pay protects guests financial data and reduces risk by leveraging point-to-point encryption (P2PE) and tokenization with every credit card transaction. Agilysys Pay Complete leverages one of the first payment gateways in the world to receive official PCI-P2PE validation, allowing us to offer PCI cost and scope reduction that other providers cannot. These security benefits are built on top of a full-featured, enterprise-grade gateway that offers broad support for U.S., Canadian, European and certain Asian countries credit card processors and a wide variety of payment device options for every use-case, including countertop, pay-at-table, EMV, mobile tablet, and signature capture scenarios. 
 Agilysys Pay offers contactless payment options on all markets as well as supporting various wallet payment options like Apple Pay , Google Pay , AliPay , and WeChat . 
 
 Agilysys eCash offers guests the convenience of cashless tender. Create charge accounts for memberships, employees, students, comps or any other type of charge you define. A central database supports an efficient eCash transaction process for all your accounts. An array of fields and extra settings make managing eCash accounts seamless. 
 
 A flexible easy to use solution to create and manage Gift Cards from adding balances to cards, to checking balances, and enabling guests to use them for purchases across outlets on the property. 
 
 Agilysys Analyze is a cloud-based data analytic platform focused on the needs of the hospitality industry. It is a full business intelligence solution that collects data from Agilysys point of sale and property management solutions and helps food beverage and property operators gain critical insight into business operations and performance. Out-of-the-box analysis helps hospitality operators manage costs, minimize loss due to fraud, boost item sales, increase server productivity, occupancy, room revenue, and other profit enhancing capabilities. 
 Hospitality Leisure (H L) Ecosystem Solutions: 
 Agilysys offers the most comprehensive suite of hospitality leisure applications to serve the needs of our integrated resort and hospitality customers. Our solutions enable our customers to provide a seamless experience to their guests while driving operational efficiencies throughout the value chain. Our H L suite of applications consists of the core property management system (PMS), and experience enhancers including a commission-free booking engine, self-service check in and check out solutions, spa, golf, retail, sales catering, service request optimization and residence management applications. 

Agilysys LMS is a core H L solution. An on-premise or hosted, web and mobile-enabled, PMS solution targeting the operator with large, complex operations. It runs 24/7 to automate every aspect of hotel operations in properties from 100 to over 7,000 rooms, and has interfaces to a wide array of industry applications including but not limited to all core casino management systems and leading global distribution systems. Its foundation expands to incorporate modules for activities scheduling, attraction ticketing and more. 
 
 8 

Agilysys Versa PMS is a core H L solution. It is installed in hotels and resorts ranging from 50-1,500 rooms. It is a complete hospitality solution expanding beyond traditional PMS solutions enabling the resort to run its end-to-end operations, including front desk, housekeeping, maintenance, accounting, and condo owner management, with tight integration to Agilysys Sales Catering, Spa, Golf, and Activities. Versa provides an integrated solution with interfaces to leading global distribution systems, casino management systems, hospitality automation and our other products. 

Agilysys Stay PMS is a core H L solution. It is the company s cloud-native SaaS property management system that optimizes operational efficiency, increases revenue and enhances guest service. Agilysys Stay is currently generally available for all hotels and chains, as well as for select service casino hotels. The guest-centric PMS leverages an open architecture with restful APIs to enable richly integrated applications delivered from Agilysys, its partners and customers. Agilysys Stay offers powerful capabilities for multi-property operations, allowing managers to view guest profiles, history and reservations, as well as room availability and operational reports, seamlessly across multiple properties. 
 Focused on improving revenue and streamlining operations, Agilysys Stay is designed to enable hotels to gather and analyze guest information across properties that can be used to create loyalty-generating offers and increase guest wallet share. In addition, running natively in a browser on both desktop and tablet devices, it delivers real-time operating metrics so that hotels can more accurately forecast demand and scale guest services accordingly. 
 Hospitality Leisure (H L) Experience Enhancer Solutions: 

Agilysys Book is a commission-free, easy-to-use reservation system that s designed to move guests effortlessly through the booking process of hotel rooms, spa appointments and golf tee times for a single guest itinerary. The solution allows booking of one or more rooms and is seamlessly connected with our core PMS solutions to provide a flawless experience for guests and hotel operators. Agilysys Book is the only booking engine in the market that seamlessly integrates with the core primary gaming system and allows for casino operators to enable their patrons to self-book their entitlements resulting in increased guest satisfaction and reduced operational expenses. The solution also allows operators to capture increased revenue through add-ons and upsells of premium rooms. 
 
 Agilysys Express Kiosk simplifies check-in and check-out, optimizes staff productivity and enhances the guest experience by enabling a seamless self-service option for guests to use in the hotel lobby at a kiosk. More properties are turning to kiosks to reduce overhead and offer more self-service options. With Agilysys Express - Kiosk, it s easy to elevate service levels without adding front-line staff. Agilysys Express - Kiosk provides ID verification to allow for hotels to enforce security standards efficiently and to allow the guest to bypass the front desk and observe social distancing guidelines. 

Agilysys Express Mobile simplifies check-in and check-out even further and at the same time allows operators to offer mobile keys, concurrent dining reservations or room upsells, all on a personal mobile device such as a smart phone or tablet. Properties are turning to mobility at an ever-increasing pace to improve efficiency. With Agilysys Express - Mobile, it s easy to reduce wait times and empower guests by putting the power of choice in the palm of their hand. Agilysys - Express Mobile allows for digital ID verification before securely delivering the digital room key to the guest phone allowing operators to maintain security standards while allowing the guest to bypass the front desk. 
 
 9 

Agilysys Spa software covers all aspects of running a spa, from scheduling guests for services to managing staff schedules. With this guest-centric technology, spas have more time to focus on creating personalized experiences in places of quiet tranquility. Agilysys Spa is a single solution that connects effortlessly to our other software solutions. The solution includes real-time integration, simplifies the appointment booking process, enhances the guest experience, and maximizes the value of the spa as a revenue center. 
 Integrated with our booking engine, Agilysys Book, customers can book both their hotel room and their spa appointments from a single place giving operators additional opportunities to upsell and cross sell various amenities that they can offer. 
 
 Agilysys Golf is a guest centric golf management software that offers golf property managers complete pro shop management with tee time scheduling, member profile/billing, tournament management and Web and e-mail access bundled into one solution. Customers are given the option of using our robust built in retail POS module or they may choose to leverage the power of InfoGenesis. Staff can easily schedule and personalize reservations for guests which then appear on itineraries, confirmations, and folios. Resort operations with multiple amenities can integrate with Agilysys Book and allow patrons to book both their resort reservation and their golf tee time simultaneously. 

Agilysys Sales Catering provides a cloud-native comprehensive sales event management system that provides powerful tools for hotels, conference centers and resorts of all sizes. With a complete view of every group and event, as well as guests throughout their entire stay, the system fully exposes the value of each guest and group across meeting and shoulder dates. The result is improved event revenue opportunities and streamlined management enabling event planners and sales teams to more efficiently sell, manage and service their clients. 

Agilysys Service is our integrated service optimization platform that allows our customers to provide an integrated hospitality experience for their guests while driving greater operational efficiency by connecting departments across the hotel front desk, house-keeping, concierge, maintenance, bell desk, food runners, wait staff, etc. The Agilysys service platform provides a unified communication and messaging service for guest and staff interaction as well as internal staff interaction. Apart from providing the functionality for managing back of house operations like house-keeping, engineering and maintenance, the Agilysys service platform proactively tracks events and exceptions that take place in the hotel or resort and drive targeted action to ensure high level of guest satisfaction at all times. 

Agilysys Authorize provides support for fully-automated and secure online payments for any room deposits, 3rd party guarantees and folio charges - while eliminating the need for manual credit card authorization forms. Payment is seamlessly authorized and posted appropriately in real-time. 

Agilysys DataMagine document management solution is a U.S.-patented imaging module and archiving solution that allows users to securely capture and retrieve documents and system-generated information. DataMagine integrates with other Agilysys products, adding functionality and providing seamless workflows that cross functional areas. DataMagine helps drive the Go Green initiative at a number of our customer sites by enabling a completely paperless experience through all facets of the customers operations from signature capture at the front desk to automated routing of PO s and requisition orders for approvals. DataMagine provides robust indexing and archiving features to allows easy contextual based document retrieval. 
 10 

Agilysys Reserve solution is a guest-centric reservation and wait list management solution that helps operators to book any venue. The solution allows operators to manage restaurant, cabana and auditorium reservations. With an innovative doll house view approach, patrons have the ability to select and book a specific seat in a restaurant or a specific cabana on a pool deck online. With built in price yielding capabilities, Agilysys Reserve allows operators to maximize revenue opportunities for various locations. Using the built-in guest management system, operators can build guest profiles and provide a superior experience while driving repeat guests. 

Agilysys Digital Marketing provides a flexible hospitality marketing automation solution supporting guest email and SMS marketing communications through event and campaign-based rules. Marketers can segment guests by type or other criteria and send context-related communications at time of reservation, check-in, check-out or by marketing campaign types. Digital email campaigns allow users an inexpensive way to stay connected to their guest throughout the guest journey. The result is increased return visits and improved revenue from targeted offers based upon guest segment and journey stage. 

Agilysys Retail is our basic POS solution to support retail item sales in spas, gift shops or pro-shops that don t need a full enterprise POS system. Easily setup and track inventory, sell items as part of other services, and consolidate it all on the guest folio. 

Agilysys Central Reservations provides a single sign-on across multiple customer properties that allows staff to view guest profiles, trips, room availability across properties, make/modify/transfer reservations, scan property offers and rates, and more. The result is improved central reservations efficiency, increased revenue from cross-property sales and upsells, and superior guest service. 

Agilysys Loyalty Promotions provides a comprehensive loyalty and promotions management solution to help operators track guest preferences and craft a wide variety of programs and offers. Engage Loyalty supports point earning and redemption at every guest interaction and provides a guest portal for self-service account management. The result is increased guest wallet-share through repeat visits by leveraging guest preferences for targeted promotions and offers. 

Agilysys Membership helps customers control membership programs by defining the membership types required. Whether customers manage memberships for individuals, families, groups, corporate accounts or all of these, they define the parameters for each. The membership Portal allows easy online registrations for new guests and gives guests the ability to check their balances and redeem points via gift cards, eCash, loyalty, and more. 

Agilysys Residence Management is a comprehensive residence solution, including detailed reports that analyze residence profitability as well as the various expenses appropriated to a specific unit. Manage revenue allocations and splits, including expenses allocated between individual owners, the association and the property by leveraging an integrated and powerful set of Residence Management tools. 
 11 

Inventory Procurement Ecosystem Solutions: 

Agilysys Eatec solution provides core purchasing, inventory, recipe, forecasting, production and sales analysis functions and is unique in offering catering, restaurant, buffet management and nutrition modules in a single web-enabled solution. Agilysys Eatec Mobile is an optional app that can be downloaded from Google Play and Apple app stores and provides users with access to Eatec application from any Android and iOS device. Users can provide inventory receiving and transfer operations seamlessly from any mobile device even when they are offline using Eatec s innovative store and forward capabilities. 

Agilysys Stratton Warren System (SWS) integrates with all leading financial and POS software products. The software manages the entire procurement process via e-commerce, from business development to the management of enterprise-wide backend systems and daily operations. Agilysys SWS Direct is an add-on module for SWS that provides a convenient, efficient and intuitive shopping cart experience to SWS users. SWS Direct streamlines operations, provides enhanced bidding and request for pricing services, and offers supplier registration tools and self-service maintenance capabilities. 
 Representative Agilysys clients include: 

7 Cedars Casino 
 Dickies Arena 
 Pinehurst Resort 

AVI Foodsystems, Inc. 
 Drury Hotels 
 Prairie Band Casino Resort 

Banner Health 
 Ellis Island Hotel, Casino and Brewery 
 Resorts World Bimini 

Boyd Gaming Corporation 
 Golden Nugget Lake Charles 
 Rosen Hotels Resorts 

Caesars Entertainment 
 Grand Central Hotel in Belfast 
 Rosewood Castiglion Del Bosco 

Cal Dining at UC Berkeley 
 Grand Sierra Resort and Casino 
 Royal Caribbean Group 

Camelback Lodge Waterpark 
 Hialeah Park 
 Spooky Nook Sports 

Carnival UK 
 Hilton Worldwide 
 Stations Casino 

Cartoon Network Hotel 
 Intercontinental Hotel Group 
 The Kessler Collection 

Casino del Sol Resort 
 Kimpton Hotels 
 The Sea Pines Resort 

Catholic Charities 
 Longwood University 
 The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino 

Chukchansi Gold Resort Casino 
 Marriott International 
 Treehouse London 

Compass Group North America 
 Maryland Live! Casino 
 UT Southwestern Medical Center 

Comanche Nation of Oklahoma 
 MGM 
 Vail Resorts 

Costa Pacifica 
 Oxford Casino 
 Valley View Casino Hotel 

The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas 
 Palm Garden Hotel 
 Wendover Resorts 

Industry and Markets 
 We are a technology software solutions company exclusively focused on the hospitality industry. Our products have been enabling mission-critical core hospitality operations for more than four decades. Our software solutions are required to run the operations of the hospitality business and designed to drive substantial customer benefits through increased revenue, improved operational efficiency, enhanced guest experience and improved employee morale. In addition, many of our solutions enable social distancing capabilities for our customers. Our innovative software solutions described above have been purpose-built to serve the unique needs of the following hospitality verticals: casinos, hotels, resorts, cruise ships, managed foodservice providers, sports and entertainment, and healthcare. We operate across North America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia-Pacific and India with headquarters located in Alpharetta, GA. 
 We estimate our total addressable market to be approximately 5 billion in annual recurring revenue opportunity. While the size of the opportunity might face pressure in an economic downturn, we feel it remains in the billions of dollars while our business represents only a fraction of that size. We are well positioned to win market share given our relative competitive strength in the industry. 
 Customers 
 Our customers include large, medium-sized and boutique hospitality providers, both owned and franchised, as well as divisions or departments of large corporations in the hospitality industry. We concentrate on serving the needs of customers in a range of 
 12 

customer-focused settings where brand differentiation is important and guest recruitment is intense. Our customer base is highly fragmented. 
 Human Capital 
 As of March 31, 2023, we employed approximately 1,600 employees, with approximately 66 , 30 , 3 , and 1 of our employees located in India, North America, Asia-Pacific, and EMEA, respectively. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and a critical factor in our success. 
 Our senior management team is responsible for developing and executing our human capital strategy. We seek employees who share a passion for technology and its ability to improve our customers businesses in hospitality. We believe we offer fair, competitive compensation and benefits that support our employees overall well-being and foster their growth and development. We offer our employees pay and benefits packages that we believe are competitive with others throughout our industry, as well as within the local markets in which we operate, and align individual performance with our success. 
 We are committed to providing our employees with an environment free of discrimination, harassment and workplace violence. We make all benefit and employment-related decisions in compliance with equal employment opportunity statutes and without regard to religion, national origin, age, gender, race, color, ancestry, sexual orientation, disability, marital status, citizenship, pregnancy, medical condition or any other protected class status, as defined by local, state or federal laws. All employees, directors, independent contractors, and other parties who work with Agilysys are expected to create a working environment where everyone is respected, regardless of individual differences. We believe that each of our employees' individual character, virtues, and individual experiences will leverage our ability to attract and retain quality employees, customers, and suppliers. 
 Seasonality 
 Occasionally, the timing of large one-time orders, such as those associated with significant remarketed product sales around large customer refresh cycles or significant volume rollouts, creates variability in our quarterly results. 
 Competition 
 Our solutions face a highly competitive market. Competition exists with respect to developing and maintaining relationships with customers, pricing for products and solutions, and customer support and service. 
 We compete with other full-service providers who sell and deliver bundled POS and PMS solutions comprised of software, hardware, subscription, maintenance, and professional services. These companies, some of which are much larger than we are, include Oracle Corp., Shiji, Amadeus IT Group and Infor. We also compete with smaller software companies who prodive either POS or PMS solutions like Maestro. In addition, we compete with PMS systems that are designed and maintained in-house by large hotel chains. 
 Environmental Matters 
 We believe we are compliant in all material respects with all applicable environmental laws. Presently, we do not anticipate that such compliance will have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position with respect to any of our operations. 
 Access to Information 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports are available free of charge through our corporate website, http://www .agilysys.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report. Reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically, are maintained on the SEC website, http://www .sec.gov . 
 Item 1A. R isk Factors. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 Markets, Competition, and Operations 
 Our business is impacted by changes in macroeconomic and/or global conditions. 
 Because we conduct our business internationally, changes in global, national, or regional economies, governmental policies (including in areas such as trade, travel, immigration, healthcare, and related issues), political unrest, armed conflicts (such as the Russia-Ukraine war), natural disasters, or outbreaks of disease (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) may impact our business. Any general weakening 
 13 

of, and related declining corporate confidence in, the global economy or the curtailment in corporate spending could cause current or potential customers to reduce or eliminate their information technology budgets and spending, which could cause customers to delay, decrease or cancel purchases of our products and services; cause customers not to pay us; or to delay payment for previously purchased products and services. 
 Our business is negatively impacted by decreases in travel and leisure activities resulting from weak economic conditions, increases in energy prices and changes in currency values, political instability, heightened travel security measures, travel advisories, disruptions in air travel, and concerns over disease, violence, war, or terrorism. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic caused significant disruption of businesses and supply chains worldwide. The resulting travel, work and social restrictions along with actions by governmental authorities to contain the COVID-19 outbreak led to a significant decrease in global economic activity and global trade. While COVID-19 restrictions have since eased globally, a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or a future pandemic, depending on its duration and severity, could materially adversely impact the global economy and our industry, operations and financial condition and performance. Even after COVID-19 subsides, our business, markets, growth prospects and business model could be materially impacted or altered as a result of adverse changes in travel and leisure activities. 
 Similarly, increases in energy prices can result in higher ingredient and food costs for our customers with restaurant operations, which may adversely affect demand for our customers restaurant businesses, and in turn, our business, financial results and liquidity. 
 Our business may be adversely impacted by international trade disputes. 
 We depend on third-party manufacturers and suppliers located outside of the United States, including in China, in connection with the supply of certain of our hardware products and related components. Accordingly, our business is subject to risks associated with international supply. For example, in recent years the United States has imposed and extended greater restrictions on international trade and significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the United States from China and other countries. Increased tariffs, including on goods imported from China, or the institution of additional protectionist trade measures could adversely affect our supply costs, and in turn, our business, financial results and liquidity. 
 Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products, product upgrades and services that achieve market acceptance. 
 Our business is characterized by rapid and continual changes in technology and evolving industry standards. We believe that in order to remain competitive in the future we need to continue to develop new products, product upgrades and services, requiring the investment of significant financial resources. If we fail to accurately anticipate our customer s needs and technological trends, or are otherwise unable to complete the development of a product or product upgrade on a timely basis, we will be unable to introduce new products or product upgrades into the market that are demanded by our customers and prospective customers on a timely basis, if at all, and our business and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. 
 The development process for most new products and product upgrades is complicated, involves a significant commitment of time and resources and is subject to a number of risks and challenges including: 
 Managing the length of the development cycle for new products and product enhancements; 

Adapting to emerging and evolving industry standards and to technological developments by our competitors and customers; and 

Extending the operation of our products and services to new and evolving platforms, operating systems and hardware products, such as mobile devices. 

Our product development activities are costly and recovering our investment in product development may take a significant amount of time, if it occurs at all. We anticipate continuing to make significant investments in software research and development and related product opportunities because we believe it is necessary to compete successfully. We cannot estimate with any certainty when we will, if ever, receive significant revenues from these investments. 
 If we are not successful in managing these risks and challenges, or if our new products, product upgrades, and services are not technologically competitive or do not achieve market acceptance, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 We face extensive competition in the markets in which we operate, and our failure to compete effectively could result in price reductions and/or decreased demand for our products and services. 
 Several companies offer products and services similar to ours. The rapid rate of technological change in the hospitality market makes it likely we will face competition from new products designed by companies not currently competing with us. We believe our 
 14 

competitive ability depends on our product offerings, our experience in the hospitality industry, our product development and systems integration capability, and our customer service organization. There is no assurance, however, that we will be able to compete effectively in the hospitality technology market in the future. 
 We compete for customers based on several factors, including price. The competitive markets in which we operate may oblige us to reduce our prices in order to contend with the pricing models of our competitors. If our competitors discount certain products or services, we may have to lower prices on certain products or services in order to attract or retain customers. Any such price modifications would likely reduce margins and could have adverse effects. In addition, if we fail to reduce our prices in order to contend with the pricing models of our competitors, we may not be able to retain customers or grow our business, which could adversely affect our revenues and liquidity. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to execute on growth or strategic initiatives, properly manage investments in our business and operations, and enhance our existing operations and infrastructure. 
 Our success also depends on our ability to execute on other growth or strategic initiatives we are pursuing. A key element of our long-term strategy is to continue to invest in and grow our business and operations, both organically and through acquisitions. 
 Investments in new markets, solutions, and technologies, research and development, infrastructure and systems, geographic expansion, and headcount are critical components for achieving this strategy. In particular, we believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position. Our investments in research and development may result in products or services that generate less revenue than we anticipate. 
 However, such investments and efforts present challenges and risks and may not be successful (financially or otherwise), especially in new areas in which we have little or no experience, and even if successful, may negatively impact our profitability in the short-term. To be successful in such efforts, we must be able to properly allocate limited investment funds and other resources, prioritize among opportunities, balance the extent and timing of investments with the associated impact on profitability, balance our focus between new areas and the servicing of our existing customers, capture efficiencies and economies of scale, and compete in the new areas, or with the new solutions, in which we have invested. 
 Our success also depends on our ability to effectively and efficiently enhance our existing operations. Our existing infrastructure, systems, security, processes, and personnel may not be adequate for our current or future needs. System upgrades or new implementations can be complex, time-consuming, and expensive and we cannot assure you that we will not experience problems during or following such implementations, including among others, potential disruptions in our operations or financial reporting. 
 If we are unable to properly execute on growth initiatives, manage our investments, and enhance our existing operations and infrastructure, our results of operations and market share may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our dependence on certain strategic partners makes us vulnerable to the extent we rely on them. 
 We rely on a concentrated number of suppliers for the majority of our hardware and for certain software and related services needs. We do not have long term agreements with many of these suppliers. If we can no longer obtain these hardware, software or services needs from our major suppliers due to mergers, acquisitions or consolidation within the marketplace, material changes in their partner programs, their refusal to continue to supply to us on reasonable terms or at all, and we cannot find suitable replacement suppliers, it may have a material adverse impact on our future operating results and gross margins. 
 If we cannot retain and recruit qualified personnel, or if labor costs continue to rise, our ability to operate and grow our business may be impaired and our financial results may suffer. 
 We depend on the services of our management and employees to continuously run and grow our business. To grow successfully, we must retain existing employees and attract new qualified employees, including in growth areas we may enter. Retention is an industry challenge given the competitive technology labor market. As we grow, we must also enhance and expand our workforce to execute on new and larger opportunities and challenges. The market for qualified personnel is competitive in the geographies in which we operate and may be limited especially in technology areas. We may be at a disadvantage to larger companies with greater brand recognition or financial resources or to start-ups or other emerging companies in trending market sectors. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel when and where they are needed, our ability to operate and grow our business could be impaired. Moreover, if we are not able to properly balance our investments in personnel with revenues, our profitability may be adversely affected. 
 While the market for talent in our industry has been competitive for many years, in recent quarters, the labor market has become even tighter, increasing the difficulty and lead time in filling open positions with qualified candidates. Ongoing labor shortages or 
 15 

increasing labor costs could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows, especially if rising costs outpace our revenue growth. 
 Our international operations have many associated risks. 
 We continue to strategically manage our presence in international markets, and these efforts require significant management attention and financial resources. We may not be able to successfully penetrate international markets, or, if we do, there can be no assurance that we will grow our business in these markets at the same rate as in North America. Because of these inherent complexities and challenges, lack of success in international markets could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition. 
 We have international offices in Canada, the United Kingdom, Dubai, China, Hong Kong, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, and India. We have committed resources to maintaining and further expanding, where appropriate, our sales offices and sales and support channels in key international markets. However, our efforts may not be successful. International sales are subject to many risks and difficulties, including those arising from the following: building and maintaining a competitive presence in new markets; staffing and managing foreign operations; complying with a variety of foreign laws; producing localized versions of our products; developing integrations between our products and other locally-used products; import and export restrictions and tariffs, enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; potential adverse tax treatment; language and cultural barriers; foreign currency fluctuations; inflation and any regulatory actions to counter inflation; and political and economic instability abroad. 
 Natural disasters or other catastrophic events affecting our principal facilities could cripple our business. 
 Natural disasters or other catastrophic events, particularly those affecting employees in our Alpharetta headquarters or India research and development center, may cause damage or disruption to our operations, and thus could have a negative effect on us. Most of our administrative functions are concentrated in our Alpharetta headquarters and most of our software development activity is concentrated in our India research and development center. While we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, a natural disaster, fire, power shortage, pandemic, act of terrorism or other catastrophic event occurring in either geographic location that prevents or substantially impairs our employees ability to work, either in the office or from home, could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our products and services to customers. 
 Regulatory Matters, Data Privacy, Information Security, and Product Functionality 
 Cyber-attacks involving our systems and data could expose us to liability or harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We have implemented security measures and controls intended to protect our IT infrastructure, data centers and other systems and data against cyber-attacks. Despite our implementation of security measures and controls, our systems and those of third parties upon whom we rely are vulnerable to attack from numerous threat actors, including sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors. Threat actors have and may in the future be able to compromise our security measures or otherwise exploit vulnerabilities in our systems, including vulnerabilities that may have been introduced through the actions of our employees or contractors or defects in the design or manufacture of our products and systems or the products and systems that we procure from third parties. Our systems, and those of our third-party providers, have and could in the future become subject to cyber-attacks, including using computer viruses, credential harvesting, dedicated denial of services attacks, malware, social engineering, and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to, or disrupting the operation of, our systems and those of our third-party providers. 
 The number and scale of cyberattacks have continued to increase and the methods and techniques used by threat actors, including sophisticated supply-chain attacks, continue to evolve at a rapid pace. As a result, we may be unable to identify current attacks, anticipate future attacks or implement adequate security measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period and, therefore, have a greater impact on our systems, our products, the proprietary data contained therein, our customers and ultimately, our business. 
 These events, and any related operational disruptions, unauthorized access, or misappropriation of information (including personally identifiable information or personal data), could create costly litigation, significant financial liability, and a loss of confidence in our ability to serve customers and cause current or potential customers to choose another provider, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, reputation, and results of operations. 
 16 

We are subject to laws and regulations governing the protection of personally identifiable information. A failure to comply with applicable privacy or data protection laws could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We collect, process, transmit, and/or store (on our systems and those of third-party providers) customer transactional data, as well as their and our customers and employees personally identifiable information and/or other data and information. Personally identifiable information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions with regard to privacy and data security such as such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation. Moreover, what constitutes personally identifiable information and what other data and/or information is subject to the privacy laws varies by jurisdiction and continues to evolve, and the laws that do reference data privacy continue to be interpreted by the courts and their applicability and reach are therefore uncertain. Our failure and/or the failure of our customers, vendors, and service providers to comply with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations could damage our reputation, discourage current and/or potential customers from using our products and services, and result in fines, governmental investigations and/or enforcement actions, complaints by private individuals, and/or the payment of penalties to consumers. 
 Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our software products may result in reduced sales or liabilities. 
 Our software may be used in connection with processing personal data and other sensitive data (e.g., credit card numbers). It may be possible for the data to be compromised if our customer does not maintain appropriate security procedures. In those instances, the customer may attempt to seek damages from us. While we believe that all of our current software complies with applicable industry security requirements and that we take appropriate measures to reduce the possibility of breach through our development and implementation processes, we cannot assure that our customers systems will not be breached, or that all unauthorized access to our software can be prevented. If a customer, or any other person, seeks redress from us as a result of a security breach of our software, our business could be adversely affected. 
 For certain products and services, including our cloud hosting operations, we rely on third-party providers, which may create significant risk exposure for us. 
 We maintain relationships with third parties to provide certain services to us or to our customers, including cloud hosting and other cloud-based services. We make contractual obligations to customers based on these relationships and, in some cases, also entrust these providers with both our own sensitive data as well as the sensitive data of our customers (that may include sensitive guest data). If these third-party providers do not perform as expected or encounter service disruptions, cyber-attacks, data breaches, or other difficulties, we or our customers may be materially and adversely affected, including, among other things, by facing increased costs, potential liability to customers, guests, or other third parties, regulatory issues, and reputational harm. If it is necessary to migrate these services to other providers because of poor performance, security considerations, or other financial or operational factors, it could result in service disruptions to our customers and significant time, expense, or exposure to us, any of which could materially adversely impact our business. 
 We also purchase hardware and technology, in some cases, by or from companies that may compete with us or work with our competitors. While we endeavor to use larger, more established providers wherever possible, in some cases, these providers may be smaller, less established companies, particularly in the case of new or unique technologies that we have not developed internally, or in an effort to benefit our margins. 
 If any of these providers experience financial, operational, or quality assurance difficulties, or if any cease production, or there is any other disruption in the services we or our customers receive, including as a result of the acquisition of a supplier or partner by a competitor, macroeconomic issues like those described above (such as the COVID-19 pandemic or the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine), or otherwise, we will be required to locate and migrate to alternative sources or providers, to internally develop the applicable technologies, to redesign our products, or to remove certain features from our products or to reduce our service levels, any of which would likely increase our expenses, create delays, or negatively impact our revenues. Although we strive to establish contractual protections with key providers, such as source code escrows, warranties, and indemnities, we may not be successful in obtaining adequate protections, these agreements may be short-term in duration, and the counterparties may be unwilling or unable to stand behind such protections. Moreover, these types of contractual protections offer limited practical benefits to us in the event our relationship with a key provider is interrupted. 
 We may not be able to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights. 
 We rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology. Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights would diminish or eliminate the competitive advantages that we derive from our proprietary technology. 
 17 

We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. 
 Third parties may assert claims that our software or technology infringe, misappropriate, or otherwise violate their intellectual property or other proprietary rights. Such claims may be made by our competitors seeking to obtain a competitive advantage or by other parties. The risk of claims may increase as the number of software products that we offer and competitors in our market increase and overlaps occur. Any such claims, regardless of merit, that result in litigation could result in substantial expenses, divert the attention of management, cause significant delays in introducing new or enhanced services or technology, materially disrupt the conduct of our business, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 While we do not believe that our products and services infringe any patents or other intellectual property rights, from time to time, we receive claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. For example, on April 6, 2012, Ameranth, Inc. filed a complaint against us in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, alleging that certain of our products infringe patents owned by Ameranth directed to configuring and transmitting hospitality menus (e.g., restaurant menus) for display on electronic devices, and synchronizing the menu content between the devices. Although on May 11, 2022, judgement was entered for us and against Ameranth on all claims in that suit, Ameranth has pending appeals that may affect the judgement. 
 If we fail to meet our customers performance expectations, our reputation may be harmed, and we may be exposed to legal liability. 
 Our ability to attract and retain customers depends to a large extent on our relationships with our customers and our reputation for high quality services and solutions. As a result, if a customer is not satisfied with our products and services, our reputation may be damaged. Moreover, if we fail to meet our customers performance expectations or if customers experience service disruptions, breaches or other quality issues, we may lose customers and be subject to legal liability, particularly if such failure, service disruptions or breaches adversely impact our customers businesses. 
 In addition, many of our projects are critical to the operations of our customers businesses. While our contracts typically include provisions designed to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our products and services, these provisions may not adequately protect us or may not be enforceable in all cases. The general liability insurance coverage that we maintain, including coverage for errors and omissions, is subject to important exclusions and limitations. We cannot be certain that this coverage will continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. A successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Risks Relating to the Industries We Serve 
 Our business depends to a significant degree on the hospitality industry and instability and downturns in the hospitality industry could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Because our customer base is concentrated in the hospitality industry, our business and sales are largely dependent on the health of that industry, which in turn is dependent on the domestic and international economy. Instabilities or downturns in the hospitality industry, such as those resulting from the impact of COVID-19, could disproportionately impact our revenue, as customers may exit the industry or delay, cancel or reduce planned expenditures for our products. 
 Consolidation in the gaming and other hospitality industries could adversely affect our business. 
 Customers that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. The hospitality industry has experienced recent consolidations, including the hotel and gaming sectors of the industry. Although recent consolidations in the hospitality industry have not materially adversely affected our business, there is no assurance that future consolidations will not have such affect. For example, if one of our current customers merges or consolidates with a company that relies on another provider s products or services, it could decide to reduce or cease its purchases of products or services from us, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Insolvencies in the hospitality industry could adversely affect our business. 
 Customers that we serve may be or become insolvent. Loss of revenue and other operating challenges may cause some of our customers to declare bankruptcy or cause their lenders to declare a default, accelerate the related debt, or foreclose on their property. Customers in bankruptcy may not have sufficient assets to pay us unpaid fees or reimbursements we are owed under their agreements 
 18 

with us. If a significant number of customers file for bankruptcy or otherwise fail to pay amounts owed to us, our revenues and liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Relating to Our Finances and Capital Structure 
 Our stock has been volatile and we expect that it will continue to be volatile. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, the trading price of our common stock ranged from a low close of 32.41 to a high close of 87.33. The market price for our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many risk factors listed in this section, and others beyond our control. Factors affecting the trading price of our common stock may include: 
 uncertainties in the global economy; 

economic news or other events generally causing volatility in the trading markets; 

our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period or failure of securities analysts to publish reports about us or our business; 

announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new offerings or improvements, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; 

our ability to market new and enhanced solutions on a timely basis; and 

any major change in our board or management 

general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 

On May 22, 2020, we sold 35 million of preferred stock with a 5.25 cumulative dividend and convertible into common stock at a conversion price of 20.1676 per share. Dilution upon the conversion of the preferred stock in the future may negatively impact the price of our common stock. 
 Additionally, our ownership base has been and may continue to be concentrated in a few shareholders, which could increase the volatility of our common share price over time. 
 If we acquire new businesses, we may not be able to successfully integrate them or attain the anticipated benefits. 
 As part of our operating history and growth strategy, we have acquired other businesses. In the future, we may continue to seek acquisitions. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire targeted businesses or obtain financing for such acquisitions on satisfactory terms. The process of integrating acquired businesses into our operations may result in unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of resources and management attention. If integration of our acquired businesses is not successful, we may not realize the potential benefits of an acquisition or suffer other adverse effects. 
 Our financial results may be significantly impacted by changes in our tax position. 
 We are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be impacted by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets (including our net operating loss carryforwards), changes in unrecognized tax benefits, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. Any of these changes could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. In addition, the tax authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United States, may from time to time review the pricing arrangements between us and our foreign subsidiaries or among our foreign subsidiaries. An adverse determination by one or more tax authorities in this regard may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 
 We have significant deferred tax assets which can provide us with significant future cash tax savings if we are able to use them, including significant net operating losses. However, the extent to which we will be able to use these net operating losses may be impacted, restricted, or eliminated by a number of factors, including changes in tax rates, laws or regulations, and whether we generate sufficient future taxable income. To the extent that we are unable to utilize our net operating losses or other losses, our results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. When we cease to have net operating losses available to us in a particular tax jurisdiction, either through their expiration, disallowance, or utilization, our cash tax liability will increase in that jurisdiction. 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that could negatively impact our financial results. 
 19 

We earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets, and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the British pound sterling, euro, Indian rupee, Australian dollar, Singapore dollar, and Canadian dollar, among others. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenue, expenses, assets, and liabilities of entities using non-U.S. dollar functional currencies into U.S. dollars using currency exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period, meaning that we are exposed to the impact of changes in currency exchange rates. In addition, the revaluation and settlement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar impact our net income with associated gains or losses recorded within other income (expense), net. 
 We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. 
 Some of our products and services may be subject to sales taxes in states where we have not collected and remitted such taxes from our customers. We have reserves for certain state sales tax contingencies based on the likelihood of obligation. These contingencies are included in Other non-current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe we have appropriately accrued for these contingencies. In the event that actual results differ from these reserves, we may need to make adjustments, which could materially impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may incur goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that adversely affect our operating results. 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had 32.6 million of goodwill and 18.1 million of intangible assets, net, on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. We review our indefinite-lived intangible assets including goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis or more frequently if an event or events indicate the potential for impairment. We assess as needed whether there have been impairments in our other intangible assets. We make assumptions and estimates in our assessments that can be complex and subjective. In our assumptions and estimates we consider whether negative factors exist such as deteriorating economic conditions, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, intensified competition, market capitalization declines, or significant changes in use of the intangible assets. To the extent that such factors or other negative factors emerge, we may record non-cash impairment charges in the future that could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may encounter risks associated with maintaining large cash balances. 
 While we have attempted to invest our cash balances in investments we considered to be relatively safe, we nevertheless confront credit and liquidity risks. Bank failures could result in reduced liquidity or the actual loss of money held in deposit accounts in excess of federally insured amounts, if any. 
 Other Risk Factors 
 We are subject to litigation, which may be costly. 
 As a company that does business with many customers, employees and suppliers, we are subject to litigation. The results of such litigation are difficult to predict, and we may incur significant legal expenses if any such claim were filed. While we generally take steps to reduce the likelihood that disputes will result in litigation, litigation is very commonplace and could have an adverse impact on our business. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to detect fraud, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 While we believe our internal control over financial reporting is effective, a controls system cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 
 Item 1B. Unresolv ed Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. P roperties. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Alpharetta, Georgia where we lease approximately 33,000 square feet of office space. In addition, we lease approximately 36,000 square feet of office space in Las Vegas, Nevada, 30,000 square feet of office space in Bellevue, Washington, of which we sublease 22,000 square feet to a third party, 5,000 square feet of office space in Santa Barbara, 
 20 

California, and 6,000 square feet of warehouse space in Roswell, Georgia. Internationally, we lease approximately 101,000 square feet of office space in Chennai, India, 7,000 square feet in Toronto, Canada, and lease several other smaller office locations throughout Europe and Asia. Our major leases contain renewal options for periods of up to 10 years. We believe our office space facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and do not anticipate any difficulty securing additional space as needed. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are involved in legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. It is the opinion of management that the resolution of any current pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 On April 6, 2012, Ameranth, Inc. filed a complaint against us in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California alleging that certain of our products infringe patents owned by Ameranth directed to configuring and transmitting hospitality menus (e.g., restaurant menus) for display on electronic devices, and synchronizing the menu content between devices. The case against us was consolidated with similar cases brought by Ameranth against more than 30 other defendants. All but one of the patents at issue in the case were invalidated by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in 2016. In September 2018, the District Court found the one surviving Ameranth patent invalid and granted summary judgment in favor of the movant co-defendants. This judgment was affirmed by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in November 2019 with respect to all claims except for two, which were not asserted against Agilysys, and Ameranth s writ of certiorari to the United States Supreme Court was denied in October 2020. In December 2021, the District Court denied Ameranth s motion to assert additional claims against the defendants. In March 2022, the District Court granted summary judgment in favor of the defendants still facing the remaining claims. Subsequently, Ameranth appealed the grant of summary judgment with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Although on May 11, 2022, judgement was entered for us and against Ameranth on all claims in that suit, Ameranth has pending appeals that may affect the judgement. 
 At this time, we are not able to predict the outcome of Ameranth s pending appeal on their claims against us, or any possible monetary exposure associated with the lawsuit. However, we dispute the allegations of wrongdoing and are vigorously defending ourselves in this matter. 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 21 

Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sha reholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common shares, without par value, are traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC under the symbol AGYS . As of May 12, 2023, there were 1,233 registered holders of our common shares, without par value. 
 
 Dividends 
 We did not pay dividends in fiscal 2023 or 2022 on our common stock and are unlikely to do so in the foreseeable future. We pay preferred stock dividends as described in Note 14, Preferred Stock , to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report. The current practice of the Board of Directors is to retain any available earnings for use in the operations and growth of our business, both organically and through acquisitions. 
 Shareholder Return Performance Presentation 
 The following chart compares the value of 100 invested in our common shares, including reinvestment of dividends, with a similar investment in the Russell 2000 Index (the Russell 2000 and with the companies listed in the SIC Code 7373-Computer Integrated Systems Design for the period March 31, 2018 through March 31, 2023. The stock price performance in this graph is not necessarily indicative of the future performance of our common shares. 
 Comparison of 5 Year Cumulative Total Return 

INDEXED RETURNS 
 22 

Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 

Base Period 

Company Name / Index 
 
 2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

2023 

Agilysys, Inc. 

100.00 

177.60 

140.10 

402.35 

334.56 

692.11 

Russell 2000 

100.00 

102.05 

77.57 

151.14 

142.39 

125.87 

Peer Group 

100.00 

105.73 

96.97 

130.61 

137.78 

108.26 

This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 23 

Item 7. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 In Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A ), management explains the general financial condition and results of operations for Agilysys and subsidiaries including: 
 what factors affect our business; 
 what our earnings and costs were; 
 why those earnings and costs were different from the year before; 
 where the earnings came from; 
 how our financial condition was affected; and 
 where the cash will come from to fund future operations. 
 The MD A analyzes changes in specific line items in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and provides information that management believes is important to assessing and understanding our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes that appear in Item 8 of this Annual Report titled, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Information provided in the MD A may include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in the forward-looking statements. See Forward-Looking Information on page 3 of this Annual Report and Item 1A Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report for additional information concerning these items. Management believes that this information, discussion, and disclosure is important in making decisions about investing in Agilysys. 
 Overview 
 Recent Developments 
 Macroeconomic Conditions 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, global macroeconomic conditions were, and continue to be, influenced by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the COVID-19 pandemic, the Russia-Ukraine war, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, inflation, and the erosion of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. We believe such conditions are impacting customer spending and provider pricing decisions resulting in decreased demand, increased costs, and reduced margins particularly in areas outside of the United States. 
 Our Business 
 Agilysys has been a leader in hospitality software for more than 40 years, delivering innovative state-of-the-art cloud-native SaaS and on-premise guest-centric technology solutions. Customers around the world include: branded and independent hotels; multi-amenity resort properties; casinos; property, hotel and resort management companies; cruise lines; corporate dining providers; higher education campus dining providers; food service management companies; hospitals; lifestyle communities; senior living facilities; stadiums; and theme parks. Agilysys offers the most comprehensive software solutions in the industry, including point-of-sale (POS), property management (PMS), inventory and procurement, payments, and related applications, to manage the entire guest journey. Agilysys is also known for its world class customer-centric service. Some of the largest hospitality companies around the world use Agilysys solutions to help improve guest loyalty, drive revenue growth and increase operational efficiencies. 
 The Company has just one reportable segment serving the global hospitality industry. Agilysys operates across North America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia-Pacific, and India with headquarters located in Alpharetta, Georgia. 
 Our top priority is increasing shareholder value by improving operating and financial performance and profitably growing the business through superior products and services. To that end, we expect to invest a certain portion of our cash on hand to fund enhancements to existing software products, to develop and market new software products, and to expand our customer breadth, both vertically and geographically. 
 Our strategic plan specifically focuses on: 
 Putting the customer first 

Focusing on product innovation and development 

Improving our liquidity 

Increasing organizational efficiency and teamwork 

Developing our employees and leaders 

24 

Growing revenue by improving the breadth and depth of our product set across both point-of-sale and property management applications 

Growing revenue through international expansion 

The primary objective of our ongoing strategic planning process is to create shareholder value by capitalizing on growth opportunities, increasing profitability and strengthening our competitive position within the specific technology solutions and end markets we serve. Profitability and industry leading growth will be achieved through tighter management of operating expenses and sharpening the focus of our investments to concentrate on growth opportunities that offer the highest returns. 
 Revenue Defined 
 As required by the SEC, we separately present revenue earned as products revenue, subscription and maintenance revenue or professional services revenue in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition to the SEC requirements, we may, at times, also refer to revenue as defined below. The terminology, definitions, and applications of terms we use to describe our revenue may be different from those used by other companies and caution should be used when comparing these financial measures to those of other companies. We use the following terms to describe revenue: 
 Revenue We present revenue net of sales returns and allowances. 

Products revenue Revenue earned from the sales of software licenses, third party hardware and operating systems. 

Subscription and maintenance revenue Revenue earned from the ongoing delivery of software updates, upgrades, bug fixes, technical support, and transaction-based fees over the period covered by subscription or maintenance agreements with our customers for both proprietary and remarketed solutions. 

Professional services revenue Revenue earned from the delivery of implementation, integration and installation services for proprietary and remarketed products. 

25 

Results of Operations 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 Net Revenue and Operating Income 
 The following table presents our consolidated revenue and operating results for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Year ended March 31, 

Increase (decrease) 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Net revenue: 

Products 

43,638 

35,956 

7,682 

21.4 

Subscription and maintenance 

118,285 

98,958 

19,327 

19.5 

Professional services 

36,142 

27,722 

8,420 

30.4 

Total net revenue 

198,065 

162,636 

35,429 

21.8 

Cost of goods sold: 

Products 

22,994 

19,251 

3,743 

19.4 

Subscription and maintenance 

26,262 

21,141 

5,121 

24.2 

Professional services 

27,990 

20,712 

7,278 

35.1 

Total cost of goods sold 

77,246 

61,104 

16,142 

26.4 

Gross profit 

120,819 

101,532 

19,287 

19.0 

Gross profit margin 

61.0 

62.4 

Operating expenses: 

Product development 

50,260 

46,332 

3,928 

8.5 

Sales and marketing 

22,716 

14,730 

7,986 

54.2 

General and administrative 

30,669 

27,734 

2,935 

10.6 

Depreciation of fixed assets 

1,769 

2,210 

(441) 

(20.0) 

Amortization of internal-use software and intangibles 

1,743 

1,654 

89 

5.4 

Other charges 

435 

1,584 

(1,149) 

(72.5) 

Legal settlements 

352 

969 

(617) 
 
 nm 

Operating income 

12,875 

6,319 

6,556 

nm 

Operating income percentage 

6.5 

3.9 

nm - not meaningful 
 26 

The following table presents the percentage relationship of our Consolidated Statement of Operations line items to our consolidated net revenues for the periods presented: 

Year ended March 31, 

2023 

2022 

Net revenue: 

Products 

22.1 

22.1 

Subscription and maintenance 

59.7 

60.8 

Professional services 

18.2 

17.1 

Total net revenue 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of goods sold: 

Products 

11.6 

11.8 

Subscription and maintenance 

13.3 

13.0 

Professional services 

14.1 

12.8 

Total cost of goods sold 

39.0 

37.6 

Gross profit 

61.0 

62.4 

Operating expenses: 

Product development 

25.3 

28.4 

Sales and marketing 

11.5 

9.1 

General and administrative 

15.5 

17.1 

Depreciation of fixed assets 

0.9 

1.4 

Amortization of internal-use software and intangibles 

0.9 

1.0 

Other charges 

0.2 

1.0 

Legal settlements 

0.2 

0.5 

Operating income 

6.5 

3.9 

Net revenue. Total revenue increased 35.4 million, or 21.8 , in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Products revenue increased 7.7 million, or 21.4 , due to higher sales and deliveries to new customers and expansion with existing customers. Subscription and maintenance revenue increased 19.3 million, or 19.5 , driven by continued growth in subscription-based revenue, which increased 27.5 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Professional services revenue increased 8.4 million, or 30.4 , due to higher sales and service activity as our new and existing customers continue implementing technology to improve their operations. 
 Gross profit and gross profit margin. Our total gross profit increased 19.3 million, or 19.0 , in fiscal 2023 and total gross profit margin decreased from 62.4 to 61.0 . Products gross profit increased 3.9 million and gross profit margin increased from 46.5 to 47.3 due to a higher proportion of proprietary software revenue over third-party products. Subscription and maintenance gross profit increased 14.2 million and gross profit margin decreased from 78.6 to 77.8 as certain variable costs increased ahead of related revenue. Professional services gross profit increased 1.1 million and gross profit margin decreased from 25.3 to 22.6 reflecting lower utilization rates due to higher non-billable hours on new, more complex solution implementations over the comparable annual periods. 
 Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses, excluding the charges for legal settlements and other charges, increased 14.5 million, or 15.6 , in fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022. As a percent of total revenue, operating expenses have decreased 2.9 in fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022. 
 Product development. Product development includes all expenses associated with research and development. Product development increased 3.9 million, or 8.5 , during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 due to hiring and higher salary and incentive rates across our development teams, increased travel, and higher subscription charges for cloud computing arrangements. 
 27 

Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing increased 8.0 million, or 54.2 , in fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 due to various sales and marketing investments including several key hires, significantly higher levels of marketing event and trade show activity and increased commission expense on higher sales levels. 
 General and administrative. General and administrative increased 2.9 million, or 10.6 , in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 due to investments in our information security and information technology infrastructure along with hiring and increased salary and incentive rates across our administrative teams, higher rent, increased travel, and higher subscription charges for cloud computing arrangements. 
 Depreciation of fixed assets. Depreciation of fixed assets decreased 0.4 million or 20.0 in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 due to an increased level of assets with shorter useful lives. 
 Amortization of internal-use software and intangibles. Amortization of internal-use software and intangibles increased 0.1 million or 5.4 in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 due to the addition of certain intangible assets that began amortizing in January 2022 subsequent to the acquisition of ResortSuite Inc. (ResortSuite) as described in Note 15, Business Combination , to our Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Other charges. Other charges decreased 1.1 million due to a significant reduction in non-recurring charges including ResortSuite acquisition costs during fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. 
 Legal settlements. Legal settlements decreased 0.6 million during fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 due to an decrease in settlements of employment and other business-related matters. 
 Other Income (Expenses) 

Year ended March 31, 

(Unfavorable) favorable 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

2,192 

59 

(2,133) 
 
 nm 

Interest (expense) 

(12) 

(12) 
 
 nm 

Other income, net 

697 

145 

(552) 
 
 nm 

Total other income, net 

2,889 

192 

(2,697) 
 
 nm 

nm not meaningful 
 Interest income. Interest income consists of interest earned on cash equivalents including short-term investments in commercial paper, treasury bills and money market funds. 
 Interest (expense). Interest expense consists of costs associated with finance leases. 
 Other income, net. Other income, net mainly consists of movement of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar. 
 Income Taxes 

Year ended March 31, 

(Unfavorable) favorable 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Income tax expense 

1,182 

33 

(1,149) 
 
 nm 

Effective tax rate 

7.5 

0.5 

nm not meaningful 
 For fiscal 2023, the effective tax rate was different than the statutory rate due primarily to adjustments to deferred tax assets including decreases in valuation allowances that reduce deferred tax assets. 
 We are consistently subject to tax audits. Due to the nature of examinations in multiple jurisdictions, changes could occur in the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months that we cannot anticipate. Although the timing and outcome of tax settlements remain uncertain, we expect that, as a result of the expiration of various statutes of limitations, a reduction in unrecognized tax benefits including related penalties and interest is more likely than not to occur during the next 12 months. 
 28 

Because of our losses in prior periods, we have recorded a valuation allowance offsetting substantially all of the Company's deferred tax assets. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on various factors including the generation of taxable income during the future periods in which the underlying temporary differences are deductible. As of March 31, 2023, we had 132.0 million of federal net operating loss carryforwards that expire, if unused, in fiscal years 2033 to 2039, and 43.8 million of federal net operating loss carryforwards that can be carried forward indefinitely. We also had 133.9 million of state net operating loss carryforwards that expire, if unused, in fiscal years 2024 through 2042. We maintain valuation allowances for deferred tax assets until we have sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of the allowances. Based on recent earnings and anticipated future earnings, we believe it is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months we will have sufficient positive evidence to conclude that a significant portion of our valuation allowances will no longer be needed. Releasing the valuation allowances would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and significant income tax benefits. 
 Fiscal 2022 Compared to Fiscal 2021 
 Net Revenue and Operating Loss 
 The following table presents our consolidated revenue and operating results for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year ended March 31, 

Increase (decrease) 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net revenue: 

Products 

35,956 

26,714 

9,242 

34.6 

Subscription and maintenance 

98,958 

88,565 

10,393 

11.7 

Professional services 

27,722 

21,897 

5,825 

26.6 

Total net revenue 

162,636 

137,176 

25,460 

18.6 

Cost of goods sold: 

Products, inclusive of developed technology amortization 

19,251 

13,506 

5,745 

42.5 

Subscription and maintenance 

21,141 

17,985 

3,156 

17.5 

Professional services 

20,712 

16,309 

4,403 

27.0 

Total cost of goods sold 

61,104 

47,800 

13,304 

27.8 

Gross profit 

101,532 

89,376 

12,156 

13.6 

Gross profit margin 

62.4 

65.2 

Operating expenses: 

Product development 

46,332 

55,345 

(9,013) 

(16.3) 

Sales and marketing 

14,730 

14,196 

534 

3.8 

General and administrative 

27,734 

33,273 

(5,539) 

(16.6) 

Depreciation of fixed assets 

2,210 

2,832 

(622) 

(22.0) 

Amortization of internal-use software and intangibles 

1,654 

1,959 

(305) 

(15.6) 

Other charges 

1,584 

2,529 

(945) 

(37.4) 

Legal settlements 

969 

200 

769 

384.5 

Operating income (loss) 

6,319 

(20,958) 

27,277 

(130.2) 

Operating income (loss) percentage 

3.9 

(15.3) 

29 

The following table presents the percentage relationship of our Consolidated Statement of Operations line items to our consolidated net revenues for the periods presented: 

Year ended March 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net revenue: 

Products 

22.1 

19.5 

Subscription and maintenance 

60.8 

64.6 

Professional services 

17.1 

15.9 

Total net revenue 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of goods sold: 

Products, inclusive of developed technology amortization 

11.8 

9.8 

Subscription and maintenance 

13.0 

13.1 

Professional services 

12.8 

11.9 

Total cost of goods sold 

37.6 

34.8 

Gross profit 

62.4 

65.2 

Operating expenses: 

Product development 

28.4 

40.4 

Sales and marketing 

9.1 

10.3 

General and administrative 

17.1 

24.4 

Depreciation of fixed assets 

1.4 

2.1 

Amortization of internal-use software and intangibles 

1.0 

1.4 

Other charges 

1.0 

1.8 

Legal settlements 

0.5 

0.1 

Operating income (loss) 

3.9 

(15.3) 

Net revenue. Total revenue increased 25.5 million, or 18.6 , in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. Products revenue increased 9.2 million, or 34.6 , due to higher sales and deliveries as our customers re-open their locations for business. Subscription and maintenance revenue increased 10.4 million, or 11.7 , driven by continued growth in subscription-based revenue, which increased 28.0 in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. Professional services revenue increased 5.8 million, or 26.6 , due to higher sales and service activity as our customers shift their focus to implementing technology to improve their operations. 
 Gross profit and gross profit margin. Our total gross profit increased 12.2 million, or 13.6 , in fiscal 2022 and total gross profit margin decreased from 65.2 to 62.4 . Products gross profit increased 3.5 million and gross profit margin decreased from 49.4 to 46.5 due to a higher proportion of third-party products over proprietary software revenue. Subscription and maintenance gross profit increased 7.2 million and gross profit margin decreased from 79.7 to 78.6 as certain variable costs increased ahead of related revenue. Professional services gross profit increased 1.4 million and gross profit margin decreased slightly from 25.5 to 25.3 due to continued hiring and training of new staff to meet increasing project backlogs from ongoing sales activity and certain project delays. 
 Operating expenses 
 
 Operating expenses, excluding the charges for legal settlements and other charges, decreased 14.9 million, or 13.9 , in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021. As a percent of total revenue, operating expenses have decreased 21.5 in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021. 
 Product development. Product development includes all expenses associated with research and development. Product development decreased 9.0 million, or 16.3 , during fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021 due to an increase of 4.4 million in payroll and other operating expenses as we continue to manage market compensation pressures offset by a decrease in share-based compensation expense of 13.4 million due to significant charges resulting from accelerated vesting of stock-settled appreciation rights (SSARs) upon their market condition satisfaction in February 2021. 
 30 

Sales and marketing. Sales and marketing increased 0.5 million, or 3.8 , in fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021 due to an increase of 3.4 million in payroll, travel, advertising, promotion and other operating expenses as we invest in our sales and marketing teams and return to travel for in-person selling and increased marketing event and trade show activity offset by a decrease in share-based compensation expense of 2.9 million due to significant charges resulting from the accelerated vesting of SSARs upon their market condition satisfaction in February 2021. 
 General and administrative. General and administrative decreased 5.5 million, or 16.6 , in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 due to an increase of 3.7 million in payroll and other expenses after restoring base pay, employee benefits and various operational activities offset by a decrease in share-based compensation expense of 9.2 million due to significant charges resulting from the accelerated vesting of SSARs upon their market condition satisfaction in February 2021. 
 Depreciation of fixed assets. Depreciation of fixed assets decreased 0.6 million or 22.0 in fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021 due to an increased level of assets with shorter useful lives. 
 Amortization of internal-use software and intangibles. Amortization of internal-use software and intangibles decreased 0.3 million or 15.6 in fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021 due to a lower unamortized cost base following the impairment of intangibles in fiscal 2020. 
 Other charges. Other charges decreased 0.9 million due to a significant reduction in employee terminations during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021. 
 Legal settlements. Legal settlements increased 0.8 million during fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 due to an increase in settlements of employment and other business-related matters. 
 Other Income (Expenses) 

Year ended March 31, 

(Unfavorable) favorable 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

59 

107 

48 

(44.9) 

Interest (expense) 

(12) 

(20) 

(8) 
 
 nm 

Other income (expense), net 

145 

(338) 

(483) 
 
 nm 

Total other income (expense), net 

192 

(251) 

(443) 
 
 nm 

nm not meaningful 
 Interest income. Interest income consists of interest earned on cash equivalents including short-term investments in commercial paper, treasury bills and money market funds. 
 Interest (expense). Interest expense consists of costs associated with finance leases. 
 Other income (expense), net. Other income (expense), net mainly consists of movement of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar. 
 Income Taxes 

Year ended March 31, 

(Unfavorable) favorable 

(Dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Income tax (benefit) expense 

33 

(208) 

(241) 
 
 nm 

Effective tax rate 

0.5 

1.0 

nm not meaningful 
 For fiscal 2022, the effective tax rate was different than the statutory rate due primarily to adjustments to deferred tax assets including increases in valuation allowances that reduce deferred tax assets and to the recording of net operating losses in a number of foreign jurisdictions offset by current year expense in other foreign jurisdictions. 
 31 

Although the timing and outcome of tax settlements are uncertain, it is reasonably possible that during the next 12 months an immaterial reduction in unrecognized tax benefits may occur as a result of the expiration of various statutes of limitations. We are consistently subject to tax audits; due to the nature of examinations in multiple jurisdictions, changes could occur in the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months which cannot be estimated at this time. 
 Because of our losses in prior periods, we have recorded a valuation allowance offsetting substantially all the Company s deferred tax assets. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on various factors including the generation of taxable income during the future periods in which the underlying temporary differences are deductible. At March 31, 2022, we had 196.3 million of federal net operating loss carryforwards that expire, if unused, in fiscal years 2031 to 2038, and 42.8 million of federal net operating loss carryforwards that can be carried forward indefinitely. We also had 166.8 million of state net operating loss carryforwards that expire, if unused, in fiscal years 2023 through 2041. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our cash requirements consist primarily of working capital needs, capital expenditures, and payments of contractual obligations. Our contractual obligations consist primarily of operating leases for office space and preferred stock dividends. We disclose our lease obligations in Note 6, Leases , and preferred stock dividends in Note 14, Preferred Stock , to our Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 At March 31, 2023, 100 of our cash and cash equivalents, of which 93 were located in the United States, were deposited in bank accounts or invested in highly liquid investments including commercial paper and treasury bills with original maturity from the date of acquisition of three months or less and money market funds. We determine the fair value of commercial paper using significant other observable inputs based on pricing from independent sources that use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or other observable inputs including benchmark yields and interest rates. We believe credit risk is limited with respect to our cash and cash equivalents. 
 We believe that cash flow from operating activities, cash on hand of 112.8 million as of March 31, 2023, and access to capital markets will provide adequate funds to meet our short-and long-term liquidity requirements. 
 Cash Flow 

Year ended March 31, 

(In thousands) 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating activities 

34,463 

28,475 

28,407 

Investing activities 

(6,870) 

(25,679) 

(1,391) 

Financing activities 

(11,094) 

(4,901) 

25,316 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

(628) 

(104) 

195 

(Decrease) increase in cash 

15,871 

(2,209) 

52,527 

Cash flow provided by operating activities. Cash flows provided by operating activities were 34.5 million in fiscal 2023. The provision of cash was due primarily to our net income of 14.6 million adjusted for 16.4 million in non-cash expense including depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation and an increase of 3.5 million from the changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were 28.5 million in fiscal 2022. The provision of cash was due primarily to our net income of 6.5 million adjusted for 17.7 million in non-cash expense including depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation and an increase of 4.3 million from the changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities were 28.4 million in fiscal 2021. The provision of cash was due primarily to our operating loss of 21.0 million adjusted for 44.0 million in non-cash expense including depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation and an increase of approximately 5.4 million from the changes in operating assets and liabilities. 
 Cash flow used in investing activities . Cash flows used in investing activities in fiscal 2023 were 6.9 million due to 7.3 million in purchases of property and equipment, including internal use software and 0.4 million in cash received from final working capital adjustments related to the ResortSuite acquisition. 
 32 

Cash flows used in investing activities in fiscal 2022 were 25.7 million due to 24.5 million in cash paid for business combinations, net of cash acquired, and 1.2 million in purchases of property and equipment, including internal use software. 
 Cash flows used in investing activities in fiscal 2021 were 1.4 million due primarily to the purchase of property and equipment, including internal use software. 
 Cash flow (used in) provided by financing activities. Cash flows used in financing activities in fiscal 2023 were 11.1 million due to share repurchases of 9.3 million to satisfy employee tax withholding on share-based compensation and 1.8 million in preferred stock dividends. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities in fiscal 2022 were 4.9 million and primarily comprised of share repurchases of 3.0 million to satisfy employee tax withholding on share-based compensation and 1.8 million in preferred stock dividends. 
 During fiscal 2021, the 25.3 million provided by financing activities consisted primarily of 34.0 million in preferred stock issuance proceeds from the MAK Capital investment, net of issuance costs, offset by 7.5 million for the repurchase of shares to satisfy employee tax withholding on share-based compensation and 1.1 million in preferred stock dividends. 
 Investments 
 Investments in Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies 
 Agilysys invests in corporate-owned life insurance policies for certain former executives, for which some are endorsement split-dollar life insurance arrangements. We entered into agreements with each of the former executives, whereby we must maintain the life insurance policy for a specified amount and split a portion of the policy benefits with their designated beneficiary. Our investment in these corporate-owned life insurance policies were recorded at their cash surrender value, which approximates fair value at the balance sheet date. In the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the balance sheet date, the cash surrender value of 1.0 million for the remaining policies were held in Other non-current assets, and the present value of future proceeds owed to those executives designated beneficiary of 0.1 million, which approximates fair value, were recorded within Other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the balance sheet date. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Managements Discussion and Analysis is based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We regularly evaluate our estimates, including those related to bad debts, inventories, investments, intangible assets, income taxes, restructuring, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 
 Our most significant accounting policies relate to the sale, purchase, and promotion of our products and services. The policies discussed below are considered by management to be critical to an understanding of our Consolidated Financial Statements because their application places the most significant demands on management s judgment, with financial reporting results relying on estimation about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Specific risks for these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. 
 For all these policies, management cautions that future events rarely develop exactly as forecasted, and the best estimates routinely require adjustment. 
 Revenue recognition. Our customary business practice is to enter into legally enforceable written contracts with our customers. The majority of our contracts are governed by a master service agreement between us and the customer, which sets forth the general terms and conditions of any individual contract between the parties, which is then supplemented by a customer order to specify the different 
 33 

goods and services, the associated prices, and any additional terms for an individual contract. Performance obligations specific to each individual contract are defined within the terms of each order. Each performance obligation is identified based on the goods and services that will be transferred to our customer that are both capable of being distinct and are distinct within the context of the contract. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we will be entitled and expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer. Typically, our contracts do not provide our customer with any right of return or refund; we do not constrain the contract price as it is probable that there will not be a significant revenue reversal due to a return or refund. 
 Typically our customer contracts contain one or more of the following goods or services which constitute performance obligations. 
 Our proprietary software licenses typically provide for a perpetual right to use our software. Generally, our contracts do not provide significant services of integration and customization and installation services are not required to be purchased directly from us. The software is delivered before related services are provided and is functional without professional services, updates and technical support. We have concluded that the software license is distinct as the customer can benefit from the software on its own. Software revenue is typically recognized when the software is delivered or made available for download to the customer. 
 We recognize revenue for hardware sales when the product is shipped to the customer and when obligations that affect the customer s final acceptance of the arrangement have been fulfilled. Hardware is purchased from suppliers and provided to the end-user customers via drop-ship or from inventory. We are responsible for negotiating the price both with the supplier and the customer, payment to the supplier, establishing payment terms and product returns with the customer, and bearing the credit risk if the customer does not pay for the goods. As the principal contact with the customer, we recognize revenue and cost of goods sold when we are notified by the supplier that the product has been shipped. In certain limited instances, as shipping terms dictate, revenue is recognized upon receipt at the point of destination or upon installation at the customer site. 
 Our subscription service revenue is comprised of fees for contracts that provide customers a right to access our software for a subscribed period. We do not provide the customer the contractual right to license the software at any time outside of the subscription period under these contracts. Our subscription service revenue is primarily based on rates per location, including rates per points of sale and per room. We recognize certain subscription service revenue on a per-transaction basis. The customer can only benefit from the software and software maintenance when provided the right to access the software. Accordingly, each of the rights to access the software, the maintenance services, any hosting services, and any transaction-based services is not considered a distinct performance obligation in the context of the contract and should be combined into a single performance obligation to be recognized over the contract period. The Company recognizes subscription revenue over a one-month period based on the typical monthly invoicing and renewal cycle in accordance with our customer agreement terms. 
 We derive maintenance service revenue from providing unspecified updates, upgrades, bug fixes, and technical support services for our proprietary software. These services represent a stand-ready obligation that is concurrently delivered and has the same pattern of transfer to the customer; we account for these maintenance services as a single performance obligation. Maintenance revenue includes the same services provided by third-parties for remarketed software. We recognize substantially all maintenance revenue over the contract period of the maintenance agreement. We also recognize certain maintenance service revenue based on the volume of payment transactions processed by third parties through access to our software. 
 Professional services revenues primarily consist of fees for consulting, installation, integration and training and are generally recognized over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the professional services as the services are being performed. Professional services can be provided by internal or external providers, do not significantly affect the customer s ability to access or use other provided goods or services, and provide a measure of benefit beyond that of other promised goods or services in the contract. As a result, professional services are considered distinct in the context of the contract and represent a separate performance obligation. Professional services that are billed on a time and materials basis are recognized over time as the services are performed. For contracts billed on a fixed price basis, revenue is recognized over time using an input method based on labor hours expended to date relative to the total labor hours expected to be required to satisfy the related performance obligation. 
 We use the market approach to drive standalone selling price SSP by maximizing observable data points (in the form of recently executed customer contracts) to determine the price customers are willing to pay for the goods and services transferred. If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to that performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative SSP basis. 
 Shipping and handling fees billed to customers are recognized as revenue and the related costs are recognized in cost of goods sold. Revenue is recorded net of any applicable taxes collected and remitted to governmental agencies. 
 34 

Share-based compensation. We have an equity incentive plan under which we may grant non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock-settled stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted stock units and performance shares. Shares issued pursuant to awards under this plan may be made out of treasury or authorized but unissued shares. 
 We record compensation expense related to stock-settled stock appreciation rights, restricted shares, restricted stock units and performance shares granted to certain employees and non-employee directors based on the fair value of the awards on the grant date. The fair value of restricted share and restricted stock unit grants subject only to a service condition is based on the closing price of our common shares on the grant date. For stock option and stock-settled appreciation right grants subject only to a service condition, we estimate the fair value on the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with inputs including the closing market price at grant date, exercise price and assumptions regarding the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility of our common shares based on historical volatility, and expected term as estimated using the simplified method. For restricted share, restricted stock unit and SSAR grants subject to a market condition, we estimate the fair value on the grant date through a lattice option pricing model that utilizes a Monte Carlo analysis with inputs including the closing market price at grant date, share price threshold, performance period term and assumptions regarding the risk-free interest rate and expected volatility of our common shares based on historical volatility. Inputs for SSAR grants subject to a market condition also include exercise price, remaining contractual term, and suboptimal exercise factor. Forfeitures of awards are recognized as they occur. Additional information regarding the assumptions used to value share-based compensation awards is provided in Note 13, Share-Based Compensation , to our Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8 of this Annual Report for additional information about accounting pronouncements. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We have assets, liabilities, and cash flows in foreign currencies creating foreign exchange risk. We sell products and services internationally and enter into transactions denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we are subject to the variability that arises from exchange rate movements. For the fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, revenue from international operations was 7 , 7 and 8 , respectively of total revenue. The effects of foreign currency on operating results did not have a material impact on our results of operations for the 2023, 2022 and 2021 fiscal years. Fluctuations in the value of other currencies could materially impact our revenue, expenses, operating profit and net income. 
 35 

Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data. 
 Agilysys, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 Year Ended March 31, 2023 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Grant Thornton LLP (PCAOB ID: 
 37 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 39 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 40 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 41 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 42 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 43 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 44 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 63 

36 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Agilysys, Inc. 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Agilysys, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule(s) included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated May 19, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 May 19, 2023 

37 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Shareholders 
 Agilysys, Inc. 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Agilysys, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023, and our report dated May 19, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 May 19, 2023 
 
 38 

AGILYSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 

As of March 31, 

(In thousands, except share data) 
 
 2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for expected credit losses of and , respectively 

Contract assets 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred income taxes, non-current 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Contract liabilities 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Finance lease obligations, current 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred income taxes, non-current 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Finance lease obligations, non-current 

Other non-current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 11) 

Series A convertible preferred stock, no par value 

Shareholders' equity: 

Common shares, without par value, at stated value; shares authorized; shares issued; and and shares outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively 

Treasury shares, and at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively 

() 

() 

Capital in excess of stated value 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

AGILYSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year ended March 31, 

(In thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Net revenue: 

Products 

Subscription and maintenance 

Professional services 

Total net revenue 

Cost of goods sold: 

Products 

Subscription and maintenance 

Professional services 

Total cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Gross profit margin 

Operating expenses: 

Product development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Depreciation of fixed assets 

Amortization of internal-use software and intangibles 

Other charges 

Legal settlements 

Total operating expense 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

Income (loss) before taxes 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Series A convertible preferred stock issuance costs 

() 

Series A convertible preferred stock dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Net income (loss) per share - basic: 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

Net income (loss) per share - diluted: 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

AGILYSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Year Ended 

March 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss), net of tax: 

Unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

AGILYSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 

March 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Loss on disposal of property equipment 

Depreciation of fixed assets 

Amortization of internal-use software and intangibles 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Contract liabilities 

() 

Accrued liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Other changes, net 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Cash (paid for) business combinations, net of cash acquired 

() 

Additional investments in corporate-owned life insurance policies 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing activities 

Preferred stock issuance proceeds, net of issuance costs 

Payment of preferred stock dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common shares to satisfy employee tax withholding 

() 

() 

() 

Principal payments under long-term obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 42 

AGILYSYS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Shares 

Capital in 

Accumulated 

Issued 

In Treasury 

excess of 

other 

(In thousands, except share data) 
 
 Shares 

Stated value 

Shares 

Stated value 

Stated value 

Retained earnings 

comprehensive income (loss) 

Total 

Balance at March 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Restricted shares issued, net 

() 

Shares issued upon exercise of SSARs 

() 

Shares withheld for taxes upon exercise of SSARs or vesting of restricted shares 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Series A convertible preferred stock issuance costs 

() 

() 

Series A convertible preferred stock dividends 

() 

() 

Unrealized translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Balance at March 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Restricted shares issued, net 

() 

Shares issued upon exercise of SSARs 

() 

Shares withheld for taxes upon exercise of SSARs or vesting of restricted shares 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Series A convertible preferred stock dividends 

() 

() 

Unrealized translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Restricted shares issued, net 

() 

Shares issued upon exercise of SSARs 

() 

Shares withheld for taxes upon exercise of SSARs or vesting of restricted shares 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Series A convertible preferred stock dividends 

() 

() 

Unrealized translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

Agilysys, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Table amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

million and million as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. We determine the fair value of commercial paper using significant other observable inputs (level 2) based on pricing from independent sources that use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or other observable inputs including benchmark yields and interest rates. 

million and million, respectively. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or in interim periods if indicators of potential impairment exist, based on our one reporting unit. The Company evaluates whether goodwill is impaired by comparing its market capitalization based on its closing stock price (Level 1 input) to the book value of its equity on the annual evaluation date. The Company is also required to compare the fair values of other indefinite-lived intangible assets to their carrying amounts at least annually, or when current events and circumstances require an interim assessment. The Company concluded that impairment of its goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets has occurred for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 . 
 or less, primarily on a straight-line basis, which we believe approximates the pattern in which the assets are utilized. The fair values assigned to identifiable intangible assets acquired in business combinations are determined primarily by using the income approach, which discounts expected future cash flows attributable to these assets to present value using estimates and assumptions determined by management. 
 percent of total assets, over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives for depreciation and amortization are as follows: buildings and building improvements to ; furniture to ; equipment to ; software to ; and leasehold improvements over the shorter of the economic life or the lease term. Internal use software costs are expensed or capitalized depending on the project stage. Amounts capitalized are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the software, ranging from 3 to 10 years, beginning with the project s completion. Depreciation for capitalized project expenditures does not begin until the underlying project is completed. We evaluate the recoverability of our long-lived assets whenever changes in circumstances or events may indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized in the event the carrying value of the assets exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows attributable to such assets. Our long-lived assets and impairments considerations are discussed further in Note 4, Property and Equipment, Net. 
 currency of an operation are reflected within Other (income) expenses, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Foreign currency gains and losses from changes in exchange rates have not been material to our consolidated operating results. 
 , and , respectively of total revenue. Our customer base is highly fragmented. Our customary business practice is to enter into legally enforceable written contracts with our customers. The majority of our contracts are governed by a master service agreement between us and the customer, which sets forth the general terms and conditions of any individual contract between the parties, which is then supplemented by a customer order to specify the different goods and services, the associated prices, and any additional terms for an individual contract. Performance obligations specific to each individual contract are defined within the terms of each order. Each performance obligation is identified based on the goods and services that will be transferred to our customer that are both capable of being distinct and are distinct within the context of the contract. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we will be entitled and expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer. Typically, our contracts do not provide our customer with any right of return or refund; we do not constrain the contract price as it is probable that there will not be a significant revenue reversal due to a return or refund. Typically, our customer contracts contain one or more of the following goods or services which constitute performance obligations. Our proprietary software licenses typically provide for a perpetual right to use our software. Generally, our contracts do not provide significant services of integration and customization and installation services are not required to be purchased directly from us. The software is delivered before related services are provided and is functional without professional services, updates and technical support. We have concluded that the software license is distinct as the customer can benefit from the software on its own. Software revenue is typically recognized when the software is delivered or made available for download to the customer. We recognize revenue for hardware sales when the product is shipped to the customer and when obligations that affect the customer s final acceptance of the arrangement have been fulfilled. Hardware is purchased from suppliers and provided to the end-user customers via drop-ship or from inventory. We are responsible for negotiating price both with the supplier and the customer, payment to the supplier, establishing payment terms and product returns with the customer, and we bear the credit risk if the customer does not pay for the goods. As the principal contact with the customer, we recognize revenue and cost of goods sold when we ship or are notified by the supplier that the product has been shipped. In certain limited instances, as shipping terms dictate, revenue is recognized upon receipt at the point of destination or upon installation at the customer site. Our subscription service revenue is comprised of fees for contracts that provide customers a right to access our software for a subscribed period. We do not provide the customer the contractual right to license the software at any time outside of the subscription period under these contracts. Our subscription service revenue is primarily based on rates per location, including rates per points of sale and per room. We recognize certain subscription service revenue on a per-transaction basis. The customer can only benefit from the software and software maintenance when provided the right to access the software. Accordingly, each of the rights to access the software, the maintenance services, any hosting services, and any transaction-based services is not considered a distinct performance obligation in the context of the contract and should be combined into a single performance obligation to be recognized over the contract period. The Company recognizes subscription revenue over a one-month period based on the typical monthly invoicing and renewal cycle in accordance with our customer agreement terms. We derive maintenance service revenue from providing unspecified updates, upgrades, bug fixes, and technical support services for our proprietary software. These services represent a stand-ready obligation that is concurrently delivered and has the same pattern of transfer to the customer; we account for these maintenance services as a single performance obligation. Maintenance revenue includes the same services provided by third-parties for remarketed software. We recognize substantially all maintenance revenue over the contract period of the maintenance agreement. We also recognize certain maintenance service revenue based on the volume of payment transactions processed by third parties through access to our software. Professional services revenues primarily consist of fees for consulting, installation, integration and training and are generally recognized over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the professional services as the services are being performed. Professional services can be provided by internal or external providers, do not significantly affect the customer s ability to access or use other provided goods or services, and provide a measure of benefit beyond that of other promised goods or services in the contract. As a result, professional services are considered distinct in the context of the contract and represent a separate performance obligation. Professional services that are billed on a time and materials basis are recognized over time as the services are performed. For contracts billed on a fixed price basis, revenue is recognized over time using an input method based on labor hours expended to date relative to the total labor hours expected to be required to satisfy the related performance obligation. We use the market approach to derive standalone selling price SSP by maximizing observable data points (in the form of recently executed customer contracts) to determine the price customers are willing to pay for the goods and services transferred. If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to that performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative SSP basis. Shipping and handling fees billed to customers are recognized as revenue and the related costs are recognized in cost of goods sold. Revenue is recorded net of any applicable taxes collected and remitted to governmental agencies. 

million for the remaining policies were held in Other non-current assets, and the present value of future proceeds owed to those executives designated beneficiary of million, which approximates fair value, were recorded within Other non-current liabilities. Additional information regarding the investments in corporate-owned life insurance policies is provided in Note 10, Employee Benefit Plans . 
 
 million , million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively . 

47 

million , million, and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. Revenue recognized over time (subscription and maintenance, and professional services) totaled million , million, and million during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. Contract Balances Contract assets are rights to consideration in exchange for goods or services that we have transferred to a customer when that right is conditional on something other than the passage of time. The majority of our contract assets represent unbilled amounts related to products and professional services. We expect billing and collection of our contract assets to occur within the next twelve months. We receive payments from customers based upon contractual billing schedules and accounts receivable are recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Contract liabilities represent consideration received or consideration which is unconditionally due from customers prior to transferring goods or services to the customer under the terms of the contract. Revenue recognized from amounts included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the period was million and million during fiscal 2023 and 2022. During fiscal 2023 and 2022, we transferred from contract assets at the beginning of the period, million and million , respectively, to accounts receivable because the right to the transaction became unconditional. Our arrangements are for a period of one year or less. As a result, unsatisfied performance obligations as of March 31, 2023 are expected to be satisfied and the allocated transaction price recognized in revenue within a period of 12 months or less. Assets Recognized from Costs to Obtain a Contract Sales commission expenses that would not have occurred absent the customer contracts are considered incremental costs to obtain a contract. We have elected to take the practical expedient available to expense the incremental costs to obtain a contract as incurred when the expected benefit and amortization period is one year or less. For subscription contracts that are renewed monthly based on an agreement term, we capitalize commission expenses and amortize as we satisfy the underlying performance obligations, generally based on the contract terms and anticipated renewals. For first year support and maintenance service contracts, commission expenses are immaterial and therefore expenses as incurred. Other sales commission expenses are not material or have a period of benefit of one year or less, and are therefore expensed as incurred in line with the practical expedient elected. We had million and million of capitalized sales incentive costs as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These balances are included in other non-current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. During fiscal 2023 and 2022, we expensed million and million , respectively, of sales commissions, which included amortization of capitalized amounts of million and million , respectively. These expenses are included in operating expenses sales and marketing in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. All other costs to obtain a contract are not considered incremental and therefore are expensed as incurred. 

Software 

Leasehold improvements 

Facilities construction in progress 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Total depreciation expense on property and equipment was million , million, and million during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company capitalizes internal-use software, including software purchased and used exclusively in providing services or that is only made available to customers as a software service, as property and equipment under ASC 350-40, Internal-Use Software . Total amortization expense on capitalized internal-use software was million , million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Assets under financing leases are included in property and equipment categories above and further disclosed with Note 6. Leases . 

() 

() 

Non-competition agreements 

() 

() 

Developed technology 

() 

() 

Trade names 

() 

() 

Patented technology 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Indefinite-lived trade names 

N/A 

N/A 

Total intangible assets 

() 

() 

(In thousands) 

Software development costs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, goodwill increased million due to business combination activity and decreased million due to foreign currency translation. During the year ended March 31, 2022, goodwill increased million due to business combination activity. 
 million due to amortization expense and decreased million due to foreign currency translation. During the year ended March 31, 2022, finite-lived intangible assets increased million due to business combination activity and million due to amortization expense. See Note 15, Business Combination , for more information on business combination activity. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets, comprised of our purchased trade name InfoGenesis as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 are tested for impairment upon identification of impairment indicators or at least annually. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount is greater than fair value. The InfoGenesis indefinite-lived purchased trade name impairment testing resulted in a fair value exceeding the carrying amount for the years ending March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 . 

 49 

million that will commence in fiscal year 2024 with a lease term of approximately years. We do not have any related party leases. We have variable payments for expenses such as common area maintenance and taxes. We do not have variable payments that are based on an index or rate. As a result, we do not include variable payments in the calculation of the lease liability. Any variable costs are expensed as incurred. We sublease one of our office leases located in Bellevue, Washington with a lease term that will expire during fiscal year 2024. 

Finance lease expense: 

Amortization of ROU assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease expense 

Variable lease costs 

Short term lease expense 

Sublease income 

() 

() 

Total lease expense 

Other information related to leases for fiscal 2023 and 2022 was as follows: 

Year ended March 31, 

Supplemental cash flow information 
 
 2023 

2022 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities (in thousands): 

Operating cash flows for operating leases 

Operating cash flows for finance leases 

Financing cash flows for finance leases 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations (in thousands): 

Operating leases 

Weighted average remaining lease terms 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Weighted average discount rates 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

Less: difference between undiscounted lease payments and discounted lease liabilities 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

(1) million is not included in the table above. 

Cash payments for income tax, net 

Accrued capital expenditures 

Other taxes payable 

Professional fees 

Other 

Total 

Other non-current liabilities: 

Uncertain tax positions 

Employee benefit obligations 

Other 

Total 

51 

() 

Foreign 

Total income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

State and local 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State and local 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Expense (benefit) for state taxes 

() 

() 

Impact of foreign operations 

() 

() 

() 

Indefinite life assets 

Intercompany gain 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Change in liability for unrecognized tax benefits 

Share-based compensation 

() 

() 

() 

Global intangible low-taxed income 

Deferred adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Provision to return 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

We have elected to account for global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) inclusions in the period in which they are incurred. The fiscal 2023 tax provision results primarily from foreign tax expense and minimal expense from the U.S. The fiscal 2023 tax provision differs from the statutory rate primarily due to adjustments to deferred tax assets; offset by current year expense in foreign jurisdictions. The fiscal 2022 tax provision results primarily from foreign tax benefit. The fiscal 2022 tax provision differs from the statutory rate primarily due to adjustments to deferred tax assets and the recording of net operating losses in a number of foreign jurisdictions offset by current year expense in other foreign jurisdictions. 

Allowance for expected credit losses and doubtful accounts 

Federal losses and credit carryforwards 

Foreign losses and credit carryforwards 

State losses and credit carryforwards 

Deferred revenue 

Capitalized research expenses 

Property and equipment and software amortization 

Operating lease liabilities 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

() 

Other 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets, net 

At March 31, 2023, we had million of federal net operating loss carryforwards that expire, if unused, in fiscal years 2033 to 2039, and million of federal net operating loss carryforwards that can be carried forward indefinitely. Our Hong Kong, Canada, Singapore and Australia subsidiaries have million , million , million and million of net operating loss carryforwards, respectively. The losses for Hong Kong, Singapore and Australia can be carried forward indefinitely. Our India subsidiary operates in a Special Economic Zone SEZ . One of the benefits associated with the SEZ is that the India subsidiary is not subject to regular India income taxes during its first 5 years of operations which includes fiscal 2018 through fiscal 2022. The India subsidiary is then subject to of regular India income taxes during the second five years of operations which includes fiscal 2023 through fiscal 2027. The aggregate value of the benefit of the SEZ during the current fiscal year is million as of March 31, 2023. The Company has paid minimum alternative taxes during the period of regular tax relief resulting in a credit of million as of March 31, 2023. At March 31, 2023 we also had million of state net operating loss carryforwards that expire, if unused, in fiscal years 2024 through 2042. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA) made a significant change to Internal Revenue Code Section 174, which went into effect for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021. The change requires Companies to capitalize specific research and experimental R E expenditures and amortize over five years for U.S. incurred R E or fifteen years for foreign incurred R E beginning on January 1, 2022. The mandatory capitalization requirement increases our deferred tax assets but does not impact our cash tax liabilities in the current period. We have recorded valuation allowances offsetting substantially all the Company s deferred income tax assets due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits from those assets. At March 31, 2023, the total valuation allowance against deferred tax assets of million was comprised of million for federal and state deferred tax assets, and million associated with deferred tax assets in Hong Kong, Canada, Singapore, the Philippines and Australia. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on various factors including the generation of taxable income during the future periods in which the underlying temporary differences are deductible. We consider the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods), projected earnings, and tax planning strategies in our assessment of positive and negative evidence supporting the likelihood of deferred tax asset realization. We maintain valuation allowances for deferred tax assets until we have sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of the allowances. Based on recent earnings and anticipated future earnings, we believe it is reasonably possible that within the next 12 months we will have sufficient positive evidence to conclude that a significant portion of our valuation allowances will no longer be needed. Releasing the valuation allowances would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and significant income tax benefits. The exact timing and amount of the valuation allowance releases will depend on the level of profitability that we are able to achieve and our visibility into future results. Our recorded effective tax rate may increase in subsequent periods following a valuation release. Any valuation allowance release will not impact the amount of cash paid for income taxes. The undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are not subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes unless such earnings are distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise to the extent of current and accumulated earnings and profits. The undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries are permanently reinvested and totaled million and million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We made the determination of permanent reinvestment on the basis of sufficient evidence that demonstrates we will invest the undistributed earnings overseas indefinitely for use in working capital, as well as foreign acquisitions and expansion. The determination of the amount of the unrecognized deferred U.S. income tax liability related to the undistributed earnings is not practicable. As of March 31, 2023, we had a liability of million related to uncertain tax positions, the recognition of which would impact our effective income tax rate. There have been changes to our uncertain tax positions during the three years ended March 31, 2023. We recognize interest accrued on any uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. Penalties are recognized as a component of general and administrative expenses. We recognized interest and penalty expense of less than million for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had approximately million and million, respectively, of interest and penalties accrued in other non-current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We are consistently subject to tax audits. Due to the nature of examinations in multiple jurisdictions, changes could occur in the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months that we cannot anticipate. Although the timing and outcome of tax settlements remain uncertain, we expect that, as a result of the expiration of various statutes of limitations, a reduction in unrecognized tax benefits is more likely than not to occur during the next 12 months. In the U.S. we file consolidated federal and state income tax returns where statutes of limitations generally range from three to five years. Although we have resolved examinations with the IRS through tax year ended March 31, 2010, U.S. federal tax years are open from 2011 forward due to attribute carryforwards. The statute of limitations is open from fiscal year 2018 forward in certain state jurisdictions. We also file income tax returns in international jurisdictions where statutes of limitations generally range from three to seven years. Years beginning after 2016 are open for examination by certain foreign taxing authorities. 

 of the first 1 of the employee's pre-tax contributions and of the next 5 of the employee's pre-tax contributions. We may also make discretionary contributions each year for the benefit of all eligible employees under the plans. Agilysys matching contributions were million , million , and million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. We also maintain defined contribution retirement plans for employees located in the United Kingdom and in the Asia Pacific region in accordance with local statutory requirements and business practices. Defined Benefit Plan We maintain a defined benefit retirement plan (the Gratuity Plan covering eligible employees of our India subsidiary in accordance with local statutory requirements and business practices. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump-sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, incapacitation, or termination of employment, of an amount based on the respective employee s salary and the tenure of employment with the Company. The Gratuity Plan is unfunded with obligation amounts recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as Employee benefit obligations within Other non-current liabilities and Salaries, wages, and related benefits within Accrued liabilities . Endorsement Split-Dollar Life Insurance Agilysys provides certain former executives with life insurance benefits through endorsement split-dollar life insurance arrangements. We entered into agreements with each of the former executives, whereby we must maintain the life insurance policy for a specified amount and split a portion of the policy benefits with their designated beneficiary. Our investment in these corporate-owned life insurance policies were recorded at their cash surrender value, which approximates fair value at the balance sheet date. In the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 , the cash surrender value of million for the remaining policies were held in Other non-current assets, and the present value of future proceeds owed to those executives' designated beneficiaries of million, which approximates fair value, were recorded within Other non-current liabilities. Changes in the cash surrender value of these policies related to gains and losses incurred on these investments are classified within Other (income) expenses, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. We recorded a loss of in fiscal 2023 and a gain of and in 2022 and 2021 , respectively, related to the corporate-owned life insurance policies. 

55 

() 

Series A convertible preferred stock issuance costs 

() 

Series A convertible preferred stock dividends 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Dilutive SSARs 

Dilutive RSUs 

Dilutive unvested restricted shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

Income (loss) per share - basic: 

() 

Income (loss) per share - diluted: 

() 

Anti-dilutive stock options, SSARs, restricted shares, restricted stock units, performance shares and preferred shares 

Basic income (loss) per share is computed as net income available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average basic shares outstanding. The outstanding shares used to calculate the weighted average basic shares excludes , and of restricted shares and performance shares at March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as these shares were issued but were not vested and, therefore, not considered outstanding for purposes of computing basic earnings per share at the balance sheet dates. Diluted income (loss) per share includes the effect of all potentially dilutive securities on earnings per share. We have stock-settled appreciation rights (SSARs), restricted stock units, and unvested restricted shares that are potentially dilutive securities. When a loss is reported, the denominator of diluted earnings per share cannot be adjusted for the dilutive impact of share-based compensation awards because doing so would be anti-dilutive. 

 million common shares, plus common shares, the number of shares that were remaining for grant under the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan) as of the effective date of the 2020 Plan, plus the number of shares remaining for grant under the 2016 Plan that are forfeited, settled in cash, canceled or expired. The maximum aggregate number of restricted shares or restricted stock units that may be granted under the 2020 Plan is million. We may distribute authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares to satisfy share option and SSAR exercises or grants of restricted shares, restricted stock units or performance shares. For SSARs, the exercise price must be set at least equal to the closing market price of our common shares on the date of grant. The maximum term of SSARs is seven years from the date of grant. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors establishes the period over which SSARs subject to a service condition vest and the vesting criteria for SSARs subject to a market condition. Restricted shares and restricted stock units, whether time-vested or performance-based, may be issued at no cost or at a purchase price that may be below their fair market value, but are subject to forfeiture and restrictions on their sale or other transfer. Performance-based grants may be conditioned upon the attainment of specified performance objectives and other conditions, restrictions, and contingencies. Restricted shares have the right to receive dividends, if any, upon vesting, subject to the same forfeiture provisions that apply to the underlying grants. We record compensation expense related to SSARs, restricted shares, restricted stock units, and performance shares granted to certain employees and non-employee directors based on the fair value of the awards on the grant date. The fair value of restricted stock unit and restricted share grants subject only to a service condition is based on the closing price of our common shares on the grant date. For stock option and SSAR grants subject only to a service condition, we estimate the fair value on the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with inputs including the closing market price at grant date, exercise price and assumptions regarding the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility of our common shares based on historical volatility, and expected term as estimated using the simplified method. We used the simplified method for SSAR grants during the year ended March 31, 2021 because we believed historical exercise data did not provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. For restricted stock unit, restricted share, and SSAR grants subject to a market condition, we estimate the fair value on the grant date through a lattice option pricing model that utilizes a Monte Carlo analysis with inputs including the closing market price at grant date, share price threshold, performance period term and assumptions regarding the risk-free interest rate and expected volatility of our common shares based on historical volatility. Inputs for SSAR grants subject to a market condition also include exercise price, remaining contractual term, and suboptimal exercise factor. We record compensation expense for restricted stock units, restricted shares, and SSAR grants subject to a service condition using the graded vesting method. We record compensation expense for SSAR grants subject only to a market condition over the derived service period, which is an output of the lattice option pricing model. Under the 2020 Plan, the fair value of performance shares is based on the closing price of our common shares on the settlement date of the performance award, for which we record compensation expense over the service period consistent with our annual bonus incentive plan as approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total share-based compensation expense 

Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights SSARs are rights granted to an employee to receive value equal to the difference between the price of our common shares on the date of exercise and the exercise price. The value is settled in common shares of Agilysys, Inc. 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Weighted-average grant date fair value 

The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield of a zero coupon U.S. Treasury bond whose maturity period approximates the expected life of the SSARs. The expected life is estimated using historical data representing the period of time the awards are expected to be outstanding. The estimated fair value of the SSARs granted is recognized over the vesting period of the awards utilizing the graded vesting method. Under this method, the compensation cost related to unvested amounts begins to be recognized as of the grant date. 

2021 

Risk-free interest rate over contractual term 

Expected volatility 

Suboptimal exercise factor 

Weighted-average grant date fair value 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Cancelled/expired 

Outstanding at March 31, 2023 

Exercisable at March 31, 2023 

Vested and expected to vest at March 31, 2023 

Total intrinsic value of SSARs exercised 

Total fair value of SSARs vesting 

As of March 31, 2023 , there was unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to SSARs. A total of shares, net of shares withheld to cover the employee s minimum applicable income taxes, were issued from treasury shares to settle SSARs exercised during the twelve months ended March 31, 2023. The shares withheld were returned to treasury shares. Restricted Shares - 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

Weighted-average grant date fair value 
 
 - 

We granted restricted shares to certain of our Directors, executives and key employees, the vesting of which is service-based. Certain restricted shares are also subject to a market condition. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at March 31, 2023 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of the restricted shares includes grants subject only to a service condition and certain grants subject to both a service condition and a market condition. As of March 31, 2023, a total of shares were issued from treasury. 

Total fair value of restricted share vesting 

As of March 31, 2023, total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to non-vested restricted shares was million , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average vesting period of years. We do not include restricted shares in the calculation of earnings per share until the shares are vested. Restricted Stock Units We granted restricted stock units to our Chief Executive Officer, the vesting of which is service-based. Certain restricted stock units are also subject to a market condition. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at March 31, 2023 

We use a lattice option pricing model to estimate the fair value of restricted stock units subject to a market condition. There were no restricted stock units subject to a market condition granted in fiscal 2022 or 2021. 

Expected volatility 

Weighted-average grant date fair value 
 
 - 

Total fair value of restricted stock unit vesting 

As of March 31, 2023, total unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock units was million , which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of years. Performance Shares Upon approval of the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors, after achieving the performance conditions associated with our annual bonus plan, we grant common shares to our Chief Executive Officer that vest immediately. Once attainment of the performance conditions becomes probable, we recognize compensation expense related to performance shares ratably over the performance period. The number of performance shares granted will be based on the closing price of our common shares on the grant date and settlement date, which are the same under the 2020 plan. Based on the performance conditions achieved as they relate to our annual bonus plan, management estimates a liability of million as of March 31, 2023, to be settled through the granting and vesting of performance shares after March 31, 2023. We recognized compensation expense related to performance shares of million in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023 and million in each of the fiscal years ending March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 shares of our preferred stock, without par value, designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Convertible Preferred Stock to MAK Capital Fund L.P. and MAK Capital Distressed Debt Fund I, LP (the Holders each, in its capacity as a designee of MAK Capital One LLC (the Purchaser ), pursuant to the terms of the Investment Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2020, between the Company and the Purchaser, for an aggregate purchase price of million. We incurred issuance costs of million. We added all issuance costs that were netted against the proceeds upon issuance of the Convertible Preferred Stock to its redemption value. As disclosed in our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, Michael Kaufman, the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, is the Chief Executive Officer of MAK Capital One LLC. Accounting Policy We classify convertible preferred stock as temporary equity in the consolidated balance sheets due to certain contingent redemption clauses that are at the election of the Holders. We increase the carrying value of the convertible preferred stock to its redemption value (described below) for all undeclared dividends using the interest method. The Convertible Preferred Stock has the following rights, preferences and restrictions (the Certificate of Designation included as Exhibit 3.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K on February 9, 2022, which superseded the Certificate of Amendment included as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 26, 2020, when we converted to a Delaware corporation in February 2022, defines all terms not otherwise defined below): Voting , and except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company or required by law, the Holders and common shareholders will vote together as one class on all matters. Additionally, certain matters specific to the Convertible Preferred Stock will require the approval of two-thirds of the outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock, voting as a separate class. Liquidation Preference Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the purchase price paid by the Purchaser, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends (the Liquidation Preference and (ii) the amount that the Holder would have been entitled to receive at such time if the Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into common stock. Redemption On and after the fifth anniversary of the date the Convertible Preferred Stock was initially issued, the Company will have the right, and the Holders will have the right to require the Company, in each case, at the initiating party s election, to redeem all, but not less than all, of the then-outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock for an amount equal to the Liquidation Preference. Conversion Each Holder has the right, at its option, to convert its Convertible Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to per share (as may be adjusted from time to time, as described in the Certificate of Designation). Subject to certain conditions, the Company may, at its option, require conversion of all of the outstanding shares of Convertible Preferred Stock to common stock if, at any time after , the daily volume-weighted average price of the Company s common stock is at least of the conversion price for at least trading days during the consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date the Company notifies the Holders of the election to convert. Dividends per annum, payable semi-annually either (i) 50 in cash and 50 in kind as an increase in the then-current Liquidation Preference or (ii) 100 in cash, at the option of the Company. The Holders are not entitled to participate in dividends declared or paid on the common stock on an as-converted basis; however, certain anti-dilution adjustments to the Convertible Preferred Stock may be made in the event of such dividends. The Convertible Preferred Stock ranks senior to the Company s common stock with respect to dividends and distributions on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution. Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each share of Convertible Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive an amount per share equal to the greater of (i) the Liquidation Preference and (ii) the amount that the Holder would have been entitled to receive at such time if the Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into common stock. Change in Control Events Standstill Restrictions The Purchaser and its affiliates are subject to certain customary standstill provisions that restrict them from, among other actions, acquiring additional securities of the Company if such acquisition would result in the Purchaser beneficially owning in excess of of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company until the later of the third anniversary of the date the Convertible Preferred Stock is initially issued and the date on which the Purchaser no longer has record or beneficial ownership of common stock and Convertible Preferred Stock that constitute at least of the outstanding common stock. 

 61 

(the acquisition date), we acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of ResortSuite Inc. ResortSuite ), a Canada-based fully integrated property management solutions provider focused on the complex multi-amenity and resort market. The condensed consolidated financial statements include the results of ResortSuite s operations since the acquisition date. The acquisition extends our solutions to customers in the complex multi-amenity and resort market. The purchase price consisted of million of cash paid at closing, funded from cash on hand, partially offset by million of ResortSuite s cash received in the acquisition, million of cash paid in March 2022 for certain ResortSuite tax liabilities, and million in cash received in January 2023 upon release of escrow funds resulting in net cash consideration of million. We allocated the purchase price for ResortSuite to the intangible and certain tangible assets acquired and certain liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the acquisition date, with the remaining unallocated purchase price recorded as goodwill. We determined the fair values assigned to identifiable intangible assets acquired primarily by using the income approach, which discounts the expected future cash flows to present value using estimates and assumptions determined by management. In accordance with Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2021-08, we applied Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606 to record certain customer accounts receivable and the contract liabilities assumed in the acquisition, which consisted of undelivered performance obligations under customer contracts. We adopted ASU 2021-08 early as permitted. As a result, in allocating the purchase price, we recorded million of contract liabilities, representing the revenue that will be recognized as the underlying performance obligations are delivered. 

Total purchase price 

Allocation of Purchase Price: 

Net tangible assets (liabilities): 

Accounts receivable, net 

Other current assets, including cash acquired 

Other assets 

Current and other liabilities 

() 

Contract liabilities 

() 

Deferred income taxes, non-current 

() 

Net tangible assets (liabilities) 

() 

Identifiable intangible assets: 

Customer relationships 

Non-competition agreements 

Developed technology 

Trade names 

Total identifiable intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Total purchase price allocation 

We assigned the acquired customer relationships, non-competition agreements, developed technology, and trade names estimated useful lives of , , , and , respectively, the weighted average of which is approximately years. The acquired identifiable intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis, which we believe approximates the pattern in which the assets are utilized, over their estimated useful lives. The goodwill recognized in the ResortSuite purchase price allocation is attributable to synergies in products and technologies to serve a broader customer base, and the addition of a skilled, assembled workforce. During the year ended March 31, 2023 , we increased goodwill by million to record deferred income tax liabilities identified during the measurement period related to Canada tax treatment of certain intangible assets and to record final working capital adjustments related to the purchase price. The acquisition resulted in the recognition of million of goodwill, which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. The Company recognized acquisition costs of million and million related to the acquisition of ResortSuite, consisting primarily of professional fees, during the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The consolidated statement of operations includes these costs in other charges. Revenue attributable to ResortSuite included in our consolidated statement of operations was million and million for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The pro forma impact of the business combination during the two years ended March 31, 2022 was not material to our historical consolidated operating results and is therefore not presented. Effective April 1, 2022, ResortSuite became Agilysys Canada, Inc. a wholly-owned subsidiary of Agilysys, Inc. 

() 

Allowance for expected credit losses 

() 

2022 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 

() 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

2021 

Deferred tax valuation allowance 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

63 

Item 9. Change in and Disagreements With Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Control s and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Chief Financial Officer CFO and Corporate Controller and Treasurer, as Principal Accounting Officer PAO ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the CEO, CFO, and PAO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the CEO, CFO, and PAO, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The management of Agilysys, under the supervision of the CEO, CFO, and PAO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision of our CEO, CFO, and PAO, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on the evaluation, management concluded that Agilysys maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. 
 Grant Thornton LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, issued their report regarding Agilysys' internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, which is included elsewhere in this annual report. 
 Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the last quarter of fiscal 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our CEO, CFO, and PAO, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be achieved. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the impact of resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the possibility that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by individual acts, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all possible conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Item 9B. Oth er Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 64 

Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive O fficers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information required by this Item as to the Directors of Agilysys, Executive Officers, the Audit Committee, Agilysys' Code of Business Conduct, and the procedures by which shareholders may recommend nominations appearing under the headings Election of Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement to be used in connection with Agilysys' 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Information with respect to compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by our Directors, executive officers, and holders of more than five percent of Agilysys' equity securities will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. 
 We adopted a Code of Business Conduct that applies to all Directors and employees of Agilysys, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Code is available on our website at http://www.agilysys.com . 
 Item 11. Execut ive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings, Executive Compensation, Director Compensation, Compensation Committee Report, and Corporate Governance, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Beneficial Ownership of Common Shares, and Equity Compensation Plan Information, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Corporate Governance and Related Person Transactions, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item is set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 65 

PAR T IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Fina ncial Statement Schedules. 
 (a)(1) Financial statements . The following consolidated financial statements are included herein and are incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report: 
 Report of Grant Thornton LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (a)(2) Financial statement schedule . The following financial statement schedule is included herein and is incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report: 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other schedules have been omitted since they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. Exhibits included herein and those incorporated by reference are listed in the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 66 

Agilysys, Inc. 
 Exhibit Index 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Plan of Conversion of Agilysys, Inc., an Ohio corporation into Agilysys, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Agilysys, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 9, 2022 (File No. 000-05734). 

3.1 
 
 Amended Ohio Articles of Incorporation of Agilysys, Inc., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Agilysys, Inc. s Amendment to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed July 29, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

3.2 
 
 Amended Ohio Code of Regulations of Agilysys, Inc., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Agilysys, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

3.3 
 
 Delaware Certificate of Conversion of Agilysys, Inc., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Agilysys, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 9, 2022 (File No. 000-05734). 

3.4 
 
 Delaware Certificate of Incorporation of Agilysys, Inc., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Agilysys, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 9, 2022 (File No. 000-05734). 

3.5 
 
 Delaware Certificate of Designation of 5.25 Convertible Preferred Stock of Agilysys, Inc., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Agilysys, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 9, 2022 (File No. 000-05734). 

3.6 
 
 Delaware Bylaws of Agilysys, Inc., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Agilysys, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 9, 2022 (File No. 000-05734). 

3.7 
 
 Ohio Certificate of Conversion of Agilysys, Inc., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Agilysys, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 9, 2022 (File No. 000-05734). 

4 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Amendment to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed July 29, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.1 
 
 The Company's Annual Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Agilysys, Inc.'s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed June 28, 2011 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.2 
 
 Form of Ohio Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between Agilysys, Inc. and each of its Directors, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(e) to Agilysys, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2018 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.3 
 
 Agilysys, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Agilysys, Inc.'s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed June 28, 2011 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.4 
 
 Agilysys, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to Agilysys, Inc.'s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed August 15, 2016 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Agreement under the Agilysys, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Directors Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Agilysys, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.7 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Agilysys, Inc. 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Executive Employment Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 31, 2018 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement dated February 10, 2020 by and between Agilysys, Inc. and Ramesh Srinivasan, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Agilysys, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 13, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

67 

10.10 
 
 SSAR Agreement dated January 3, 2017, by and between Agilysys, Inc. and Ramesh Srinivasan, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(s) to Agilysys, Inc.'s. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.11 
 
 SSAR Agreement dated February 10, 2020, by and between Agilysys, Inc. and Ramesh Srinivasan, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Amendment to Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed July 29, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.12 
 
 Agilysys, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.13 
 
 Agilysys, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.14 
 
 Form of SARs Award Agreement (Time Vesting), which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.15 
 
 Form SARs Award Agreement (Performance Vesting), which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.16 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.17 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.18 
 
 Investment Agreement, dated May 11, 2020, by and between Agilysys, Inc. and MAK Capital One L.L.C., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 13, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.19 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 22, 2020, by and among Agilysys, Inc., MAK Capital Fund L.P. and MAK Capital Distressed Debt Fund I, LP, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 26, 2020 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.20 
 
 Form of Delaware Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between Agilysys, Inc. and each of its Directors and Officers, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Agilysys, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 9, 2022 (File No. 000-05734). 

10.21 
 
 Employment Agreement dated March 10, 2023, by and between Agilysys, Inc. and Ramesh Srinivasan, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 To Agilysys, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14, 2023. 

10.22 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Ramesh Srinivasan, which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Agilysys, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14, 2023. 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.3 
 
 Certification of Corporate Controller and Treasurer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller and Treasurer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

68 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith 

69 

Sign atures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Alpharetta, State of Georgia, on May 19, 2023. 

AGILYSYS, INC. 

/s/ Ramesh Srinivasan 

Ramesh Srinivasan 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on May 19, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Ramesh Srinivasan 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Ramesh Srinivasan 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ William David Wood III 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, 

William David Wood III 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Chris J. Robertson 
 
 Corporate Controller and Treasurer 

Chris J. Robertson 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael A. Kaufman 
 
 Chairman and Director 

Michael A. Kaufman 

/s/ Donald A. Colvin 
 
 Director 

Donald A. Colvin 

/s/ Gerald C. Jones 
 
 Director 

Gerald C. Jones 

/s/ John Mutch 
 
 Director 

John Mutch 

/s/ Melvin L. Keating 
 
 Director 

Melvin L. Keating 

/s/ Dana Jones 
 
 Director 

Dana Jones 

70 

<EX-21>
 2
 agys-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF AGILYSYS, INC. 

Subsidiaries of Agilysys, Inc. 
 
 State or jurisdiction of organization or incorporation 

Agilysys NV, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Agilysys China Holdings Ltd. 
 
 Hong Kong 

Agilysys HK Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

Agilysys MC Limited 
 
 Macau 

Agilysys Hospitality Solutions (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 People s Republic of China 

Agilysys Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 
 Singapore 

Agilysys Philippines, Inc. 
 
 Philippines 

Agilysys UK Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

Agilysys Technologies India Private Limited 
 
 India 

Agilysys Australia Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

Agilysys Canada, Inc. 
 
 Canada 

Agilysys Solutions LLC-FZ 
 
 United Arab Emirates 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 agys-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We have issued our reports dated May 19, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and supplemental schedule and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Agilysys, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Agilysys, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-248273) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-253045). 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 May 19, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 4
 agys-ex24_1.htm
 EX-24.1

EX-24.1 

Exhibit 24.1 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 The undersigned directors of Agilysys, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint William David Wood III and Chris J. Robertson, and each of them individually, the true and lawful attorney or attorneys of the undersigned, with power to act with or without the other and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to execute in the name and on behalf of the undersigned as directors of the Company, the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, and any and all amendments thereto; and each of the undersigned hereby ratifies and approves all that said attorneys or any of them shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 In Witness Whereof, each of the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney in one or more counterparts effective as of the 17 th day of May 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title(s) 

/s/ Michael A. Kaufman Michael A. Kaufman 
 
 Chairman and Director 

/s/ Donald A. Colvin Donald A. Colvin 
 
 Director 

/s/ Gerald C. Jones Gerald C. Jones 
 
 Director 

/s/ John Mutch John Mutch 
 
 Director 

/s/ Melvin L. Keating Melvin L. Keating 
 
 Director 

/s/ Dana Jones Dana Jones 
 
 Director 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 agys-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Ramesh Srinivasan, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Agilysys, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a). Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b). Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c). Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d). Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a). All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b). Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: May 19, 2023 

By: 
 
 / s / Ramesh Srinivasan 

Ramesh Srinivasan 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 agys-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, William David Wood III, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Agilysys, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a). Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b). Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c). Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d). Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a). All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b). Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: May 19, 2023 

By: 
 
 / s / William David Wood III 

William David Wood III 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 7
 agys-ex31_3.htm
 EX-31.3

EX-31.3 

Exhibit 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CORPORATE CONTROLLER AND TREASURER 
 I, Chris J. Robertson, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Agilysys, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a). Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b). Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c). Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d). Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a). All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b). Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: May 19, 2023 

By: 
 
 / s / Chris J. Robertson 

Chris J. Robertson 

Corporate Controller and Treasurer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32>
 8
 agys-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Ramesh Srinivasan, the Chief Executive Officer, William David Wood III, the Chief Financial Officer, and Chris J. Robertson, the Corporate Controller and Treasurer, of Agilysys, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to their knowledge: 
 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: May 19, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Ramesh Srinivasan 

Ramesh Srinivasan 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ William David Wood III 

William David Wood III 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Chris J. Robertson 

Chris J. Robertson 

Corporate Controller and Treasurer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 44
 agys-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 45
 agys-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 46
 agys-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 47
 agys-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 48
 agys-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

