<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1652958_0001683168-23-002430.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4090756</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>204430</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>815943</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>945604</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>954132</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1068921</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002430.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417091045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002430
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Edgemode, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001652958
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HOME HEALTH CARE SERVICES [8082]
		IRS NUMBER:				474046237
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55647
		FILM NUMBER:		23823012

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 E. BROWARD BLVD. SUITE 1700
		CITY:			FT. LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		707-687-9093

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 E. BROWARD BLVD. SUITE 1700
		CITY:			FT. LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FOURTH WAVE ENERGY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200415

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PIERRE CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20181113

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wadena Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002430.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 edgemode_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15( d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15( d OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________________
TO __________________________ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 - 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the
Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 Not applicable 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.4.05
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 915 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average
bid and asked prices of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter. on June 30, 2022. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. shares of common stock are issued and
outstanding as of April 14, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein.
Such proxy statement (or alternatively, a Form 10-K/A) will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 
 
 Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 3 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 3 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 4 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 4 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 4 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 5 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 5 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 5 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 28 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 29 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 30 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 30 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 31 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 31 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 32 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 33 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 35 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 36 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 37 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 38 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 38 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
INFORMATION 

This report contains forward-looking statements
including statements concerning paying off the amounts due on our equipment, expected delivery, anticipated mining capacity available
to us from our hosting partners, anticipated future results of operations, he growth of our business, our future capital needs and ability
to obtain financings and liquidity. Words such as expect, may, anticipate, intend, 
 would, plan, believe, estimate, should, and similar words and expressions
identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the Company s estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions
and are not guarantees of future performance. 

The results anticipated by any or all of these
forward-looking statements might not occur. Important factors, uncertainties and risks that may cause actual results to differ materially
from these forward-looking statements are discussed in the Risk Factors section of this report and include, without limitation, failure
to obtain financing to pay for equipment we currently own and/or plan to purchase, decrease in the price of the cryptocurrency that we
purchase, unanticipated issues which decreased mining capacity, and our need for and challenges we may face in obtaining the necessary
financing to execute our business plan on favorable terms or at all. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as the result of new information, future events or otherwise. For more information regarding some of the ongoing risks
and uncertainties of our business, see the Risk Factors section of this report. 

You should read thoroughly this report and the
documents that we refer to herein with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from and/or worse
than what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements including those made in our Risk
Factors appearing elsewhere in this report. Other sections of this report include additional factors which could adversely impact our
business and financial performance. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all
risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Except for our ongoing obligations
to disclose material information under the Federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any
forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events. These forward-looking statements speak
only as of the date of this report, and you should not rely on these statements without also considering the risks and uncertainties associated
with these statements and our business. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 

Overview 

We have established partnerships with third party
hosting firms, Bitcoin mining facilities for the sole purpose of mining Bitcoin. We require financing to operate the mining of Bitcoin.
We ceased Ethereum mining operations in September 2022 when Ethereum switched its consensus protocol to proof of stake. Our facilities
and mining platform will be operating with the primary intent of accumulating Bitcoin. 

During late 2022 and early 2023 we have focused
on securing a debt facility. We anticipate our first loan from this facility will be completed in May 2023, although we cannot provide
any assurances we will receive any capital under this facility. This debt facility will be used to finance the purchase of BTC mining
hardware and hosting contracts which, subject to financing, we anticipate will commence between May 2023 and December 2023. 

We believe we have a purchase order in place to acquire significant
high quality additional machines contingent on our ability to raise the funds to acquire such machines. 

Subject to receipt of financing, we have secured
hosting contracts in the U.S and Egypt for over 540MW of hosting capacity, which will provide us the power supply to operate the 20 Exahash
of hardware we have purchased. 

There are no assurances we will receive adequate
financing. 

We are in the research and development stage of
exploring treasury management alternatives to increase earnings of the cryptocurrency we mine and hold. In that regard, we may continue
to hold as well as sell Bitcoin in order to fund the purchase of Bitcoin miners and other mining equipment, to pay operational expenses
such as hosting company fees and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. We have no holdings of, and have no current
plans to hold, any other types of digital assets other than Bitcoin. 

Digital Asset Mining 

Historically, we have mined Ethereum. Moving forward,
we plan to mine Bitcoin, and may choose to mine other cryptocurrencies, by acquiring miners to solve complex cryptographic algorithms
to support the Bitcoin blockchain (in a process known as solving a block ). In return for solving a block, we have received
Ethereum, and when we receive our Bitcoin miners, a Bitcoin. We intend to only mine cryptocurrencies that are not securities. Our policy
is to consult counsel prior to attempting to mine any cryptocurrency other than Bitcoin, in order to avoid inadvertently dealing in a
cryptocurrency which may be deemed a security. We anticipate that, should we consider mining a cryptocurrency other than Bitcoin we will
seek the advice of securities counsel, and the process will include research, review and analysis of the current federal securities laws
and regulations regarding digital assets, including judicial interpretations and administrative guidance. However, the processes employed
for determining whether particular digital assets are securities within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws are risk based assessments
and are not a legal standard or binding on the SEC or other regulators. See the risk factors below. We recognize that whether a digital
asset is a security is a complex legal issue. For that reason, we have no plan in the foreseeable future to mine anything other than Bitcoin
and to a lesser extent Ethereum. 

With respect to holding and selling the cryptocurrency
we mine, our policy is to hold what we mine until management determines that market conditions and circumstances deem selling cryptocurrency
to be advisable in the furtherance of our capital needs and objectives. This may include, among other factors, a determination that the
cryptocurrency is overvalued at a particular price at a given time, that fiat currency is required to fund our operations, or that an
excessive quantity of the specific cryptocurrency has accumulated in our digital wallet resulting in a potential security risk. We hold
the cryptocurrency we mine in a digital wallet using a DRFQ account, and do not have any agreements with third parties to manage or exchange
the cryptocurrency we mine and store. 

1 

Miners measure their capability in terms of processing
power, which is known as in the industry as hashing power. Hashing power is measured in terms of the number of hashing algorithms
solved (or hashes per second, which is the miner s hash rate. Generally speaking, miners with greater
hashing power and in turn a higher hash rate relative to other miners attempting to solve a block have a higher chance of solving the
block and receiving a cryptocurrency award. However, although newer generations of miners advertise improved energy efficiency, increasing
hash rate generally requires greater electric power, which increases the cost of solving a block and, therefore, the relative cost of
mining a cryptocurrency. As additional miners competed for the limited supply of blocks, individuals found that they were working for
months without finding a block and receiving any reward for their mining efforts. To address this variance, miners started organizing
into pools to share mining rewards more evenly on a pro rata basis based on total hashing capacity contributed to the mining pool. As
of the date of this report, we do not participate in any pools but may do so when management believes it s in the Company s
best interests. 

Our Mining Equipment and Material Agreements 

To date, our mining hardware was obtained from
2CRSI, a French global tech group that designs and manufactures servers. These servers were used to mine Ethereum until Ethereum switched
its consensus protocol to proof of stake. There is an outstanding debt of 1,179,972 on the miners. The miners have been returned to 2CRSI
upon termination of the contract and as such the Company is making no further payments against the potential balance. No confirmation
has been received from 2CRSI and as such the balance remains outstanding on the Company s balance sheet in the accompanying financial
statements. 

We signed a revised purchase order with Katena
in October 2022. We have paid Katena 1,250,000, of which 125,000 was returned to us as a result of delays in delivery for the supply
of mining hardware which we anticipate will be delivered by December 2023. 

We believe we have 3 purchase orders in place
which we believe will secure delivery of significant high quality additional mining hardware between May 2023 and December 2023. We are
seeking financing to complete the order. We have not received any financing as of the date of this report and there are no assurances
we will receive financing. 

Hosting Agreements 

We terminated our hosting agreement with Compute
North as Compute North went bankrupt in September 2022. 

We have secured hosting services in North America
and will sign a hosting agreement for 40 MW of capacity which we anticipate to come online in May 2023 subject to receipt of financing. 

We have also secured hosting services in Egypt
and will sign a hosting agreement for 500 MW of capacity which we anticipate to come online between October 2023 and March 2024, subject
to receipt of financing. 

Employees 

We have two full-time employees and no part-time
employees. None of our employees are parties to any collective bargaining arrangement. We believe our relationships with our employees
are good. 

2 

Property 

Our corporate headquarters are located in Fort
Lauderdale, Florida, consisting of approximately 1,000 square feet of office space under a monthly rental agreement. We believe that our
existing facilities are suitable and adequate and that we have sufficient capacity to meet our current anticipated needs. 

Our Recent Corporate History 

Our operating subsidiary, EdgeMode, was incorporated
in the State of Wyoming in March 2020. Prior to the closing of the acquisition of Edgemode, we were a shell company with nominal assets
and liabilities. Our website address is www.edgemode.io. We have not incorporated by reference into this report the information that can
be accessed through our website and you should not consider such information to be part of this report. 

Regulation 

After a period of regulatory uncertainty, we believe
that the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC will not claim that Bitcoin and Ethereum are securities and therefore
will not be subject to their regulation. The SEC has been active in pursuing its regulation of other cryptocurrencies by filing lawsuits
and, more recently, administratively against a cryptocurrency that tried to register under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange
Act ). Further, its new Chairman has given several speeches seeking regulatory authority over other cryptocurrencies. Whether Congress
will enact new legislation in this area is uncertain. However, enhanced regulation may adversely affect our future mining and other cryptocurrency
activities. 

Blockchain and Bitcoin are increasingly becoming
subject to governmental regulation, both in the U.S. and internationally. State and local regulations also may apply to our activities
and other activities in which we may participate in the future. Other governmental or semi-governmental regulatory bodies have shown
an interest in regulating or investigating companies engaged in the blockchain or cryptocurrency business. For instance, the Cyber-Digital
Task Force of the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ published a report entitled Cryptocurrency: An Enforcement
Framework in October 2020. This report provides a comprehensive overview of the possible threats and enforcement challenges the
DOJ views as associated with the use and prevalence of cryptocurrency, as well as the regulatory and investigatory means the DOJ has at
its disposal to deal with these possible threats and challenges. 

Presently, we do not believe any U.S. or state
regulatory body has taken any action or position adverse to our main cryptocurrency, Bitcoin, with respect to its production, sale, and
use as a medium of exchange; however, future changes to existing regulations or entirely new regulations may affect our business in ways
it is not presently possible for us to predict with any reasonable degree of reliability. 

The recent action taken in China was the final
step in that country s evolving regulatory crackdown. As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, we may become subject to
new laws, such as further regulation by the SEC and other agencies, which may affect our mining and other activities. For additional discussion
regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and future regulation pose to our business, see our Risk Factors below. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies.
However, our principal risk factors are described under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

3 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 

We maintain our corporate offices at 110 East
Broward Blvd, Fort Lauderdale, Florida. We lease these premises under a monthly rental agreement at a nominal cost. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 

We are not a party to any
pending or threatened litigation. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

4 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Markets
under the symbol EDGM . Our common stock was previously quoted under the symbol FWAV. As of April 12, 2023,
the last reported sale price of our common stock as reported by the OTC Markets was 0.023 per share. As of that date, there were approximately
200 shareholders of record. This number does not include beneficial owners whose shares are held in the names of various securities brokers,
dealers and registered clearing agencies. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

 Prior to January 2022, we were a shell company with
no operations. Effective with the closing of the acquisition of Edgemode, a Wyoming corporation, we are an early-stage cryptocurrency
mining company. Although Edgemode has historically mined Ethereum, we are now focused on transitioning our operations by mining Bitcoin. 

12 Months Ended December 31, 2022 2022 Period Compared
to the 12 Months Ended December 31, 2021 2021 Period ). 

Results of operations 

We had revenues of 438,042 for the 2022 Period
compared to 1,572,906 for the 2021 Period. The reason for the decrease was the decline in the price of Ethereum during the 2022 Period
compared to prices during the 2021 Period and we ceased Ethereum mining operations in September 2022 when Ethereum switched its consensus
protocol to proof of stake. Also the Company experienced power outages at our data center in Rouses Point and returned equipment related
to Etherium mining. 

Our cost of revenues for the 2022 Period was 812,882
compared to 1,347,337 for the 2021 Period. The reason for the decrease was a decrease in hosting fees incurred as a result of the power
outages and seizing of Ethereum mining operations in September 2022. 

Our operating expenses for the 2022 Period was
 31,014,864 compared to 3,531,646, for the 2021 Period. In the 2022 Period, the Company incurred stock-based compensation expense of
 24,582,181 compared to 2,537,418 for the 2021 Period, along with increased loss on cryptocurrencies due to increased transactions and
changes in market prices. In addition, the Company began operations in March of 2021 for initial operations versus having a full year
of operations for the 2022 Period. 

Our other expenses for the 2022 Period was 856,293
compared to 252,678 for the 2021 Period. The reason for the increase was a loss related to the termination of a prepaid hosting agreement,
offset by a decrease in interest expense from the termination of the loans. 

We expect that our operating expenses will increase
as we continue to develop our new mining business and we devote additional resources toward our new technologies and business opportunities,
promoting that growth, most notably reflected in anticipated increases in general overhead, salaries for personnel and technical resources,
as well as increased costs associated with our SEC reporting obligations. However, as set forth elsewhere in this report, our ability
to continue to develop our business and achieve our operational goals is dependent upon our ability to raise significant additional working
capital. As the availability of this capital is unknown, we are unable to quantify at this time the expected increases in operating expenses
in future periods. 

5 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of April 14, 2023, the Company had approximately
 15,000 of cash. Our liquidity was primarily derived from debt and equity investments from accredited investors and also from selling
the crypto that we mined through September 2022. To grow the business and help fund operations for the next 12 months, the Company is
seeking to raise 50 million in equity capital through private placements. We can provide no assurances that any such financings will
be successful, nor will they be on terms acceptable to the Company. 

If we fail to raise sufficient additional funds,
we will be required to significantly scale back our plan of operations. 

The Company has terminated the agreements for
approximately 1.6 million of debt for equipment that the Company was using for mining and returned the equipment to the vendor to settle
the outstanding liabilities. The Company is making no further payments against the potential balance. No confirmation has been received
from 2CRSI and as such the balance remains outstanding on the Company s balance sheet in the accompanying financial statements.
Additionally, we have a significant amount funds committed to the purchase of new Bitcoin miners. We can provide no assurance
that we will have the ability to meet these payment requirements or that we will be successful raising capital to meet our working capital
requirements. 

Summary of cash flows 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net cash (used) in operating activities 
 (2,169,308 
 (3,125,137 
 
 Net cash (used) in investing activities 
 1,047,473 
 (287,758 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,097,963 
 3,374,402 

Critical accounting policies 

See Note 2 to the December 31, 2022 financial
statements included as part of this report for a discussion of our Significant Accounting Policies. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company does not believe that any recently
issued effective pronouncements, or pronouncements issued but not yet effective, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying
financial statements. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of the date of this report, we do not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material
to investors. The term off-balance sheet arrangement generally means any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement
to which an entity unconsolidated with us is a party, under which we have any obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative
instrument or variable interest or a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such entity or similar arrangement that
serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets. 

6 

RISK FACTORS 

Summary Risk Factors 

Our business and an investment in our common stock
are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that investors should consider before investing in our common stock. Set forth below is
a summary of the principal risks we face: 

We have a history of operating losses, have limited sources of revenue as an early-stage cryptocurrency mining company and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. 

As we transition our cryptocurrency mining operations from Ethereum mining to Bitcoin mining, we may be unsuccessful in obtaining and operating equipment and infrastructure four our Bitcoin mining operations in the timeframe intended, on favorable terms or at all, and there is limited information available on which to evaluate our prospects. 

We will need significant additional capital to execute our business plan, including to make the substantial purchase price payments for Bitcoin mining equipment, and any failure to raise such capital as and when intended or at all will materially harm our business and prospects. 

We may be unable to raise the capital needed to continue and grow our operations, and if we do raise the capital sought the securities that we issue may have a dilutive effect on our stockholders, a depressive effect on our stock price and/or a restrictive effect on our ability to execute our business plan and growth strategy. 

Our auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We will need to incur significant costs to transition to, acquire and
 maintain and operate Bitcoin mining equipment to replace our prior equipment which was designed to mine Ethereum, including funding
 contracts to source sufficient electricity on reasonable terms which we may be unable to do now or in the future. 

Our mining operating costs, including the costs to operate, maintain, repair and replace our mining equipment, have historically outpaced our mining revenues, which has and could continue to put a strain on our business or increase our losses. 

The cryptocurrency mining industry is highly competitive, with many of our competitors having better access to capital and may buy mining equipment at scale. The competition has intensified as the price of Bitcoin has appreciated in recent years, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations if we are unable to keep up. 

Cryptocurrencies and related activities are characterized by numerous other risks and uncertainties, including the possibility for adverse regulatory developments such as bans or restrictions, hacking or malicious coding, price volatility, inaccurate mining pool calculations, the potential for one cryptocurrency to branch into two, the periodic reduction by half of the Bitcoin rewards from mining a block on the blockchain, adverse changes to the blockchain algorithm, and other external forces beyond our control described more fully below. 

The future development and growth of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to predict and evaluate, and if the market for Bitcoin does not grow as we expect, or the price of Bitcoin declines, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

7 

The market prices of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin are to some extent dependent upon the possibility for broad market acceptance of these digital assets as a means of exchange which has not and may never occur, in which case the price of Bitcoin, the cryptocurrency markets in general and our prospects could materially diminish. 

Our operations and the results thereof are subject to risks arising from Internet disruptions or delays, cybersecurity threats, incorrect digital recording of transactions, and other contingencies resulting from holding and transacting in digital assets. Further, due to current lack of regulation, we may be unable to seek or obtain recourse if such contingencies were to occur 

The ongoing supply chain delays may create the possibility of delays in delivery and launch and/or expansion of our mining facilities and equipment, which could stunt our growth, diminish our prospects, result in lost opportunity or revenue and increase our costs, particularly given the volatile nature of the cryptocurrencies we intend to mine. 

Our operating results have and will significantly fluctuate due to the highly volatile nature of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, and if the price of Bitcoin declines, including potentially due to political, economic, or other forces beyond our control, it would materially adversely affect our business. 

Our reliance on third party mining pools, which enable us to cooperate with other Bitcoin mining enterprises to receive Bitcoin with less variance in probability of reward by sharing Bitcoin earned pro rata based on contribution to a block solved, subjects us to risks of inaccurate sharing of rewards and the loss of other at-will participants in the pool. 

We and the industry in which we operate are subject to an uncertain and rapidly evolving regulatory landscape and any adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations, including those imposing restrictions or bans on Bitcoin mining due to concerns about high electrical power usage, or any regulatory developments concerning the status of Bitcoin as a security, could adversely affect our business. 

Banks and financial institutions may not provide banking services, or may cut off services or access to capital, to businesses that engage in cryptocurrency-related activities, or may otherwise by subject to adverse developments arising from cryptocurrencies or general financial or economic conditions. 

Our stock price is subject to significant volatility due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including its status as a penny stock, the fact that it is not listed on a national securities exchange, and its potential connection to the price of Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, which could adversely affect investors. 

We have not paid cash dividends to our stockholders and do not intend to do so in the foreseeable future. 

We will be subject to expensive compliance requirements as a public company which is required to file reports with the SEC and adhere to enhanced internal control requirements. 

There are numerous and varied risks, known and
unknown, that may prevent us from achieving our goals. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results
of operation may be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors could
lose all or part of their investment. 

8 

Risks Related to Our Cryptocurrency Mining Business and Financial
Condition 

We will need significant additional capital
to execute our business plan, which includes purchasing, installing and operating Bitcoin mining equipment to replace our prior Ethereum
mining operations, and any failure to raise such capital as and when intended or at all will materially harm our business and prospectus. 

Our business plan envisions shifting our focus
from mining Ethereum to mining Bitcoin. Because the blockchains for each of these two cryptocurrencies use different algorithms, different
mining equipment is needed to mine Bitcoin rather than Ethereum. Therefore, in order to mine Bitcoin as intended, we will need to purchase
and install Bitcoin mining equipment at our hosted facilities. The price of cryptocurrency mining equipment in general and Bitcoin mining
equipment in particular is high, and can be volatile with sudden and dramatic changes depending on uncontrollable factors such as the
price of Bitcoin and supply shortages. Additionally, the removal and installation of mining equipment, which will be necessary given our
limited access to sufficient mining facilities, is also costly. We have executed purchase orders to provide us with Bitcoin miners. Unless
and until we can raise sufficient capital, we are unable to complete any orders. If we are unable to raise these amounts for any reason,
any amounts paid towards the purchase price of undelivered equipment will be lost if the purchase agreement is terminated, and we will
be forced to incur additional costs to locate and obtain miners from another source, in which case our results of operation will be harmed
and our future prospects will be hindered. Any delay or inability to raise and deploy the necessary capital in a timely manner, on favorable
terms, or at all, will have the effect of delaying or preventing us from executing our business plan and meeting our growth objectives,
which could materially harm your investment in us. 

We may be unable to raise additional capital needed to grow our
business. 

We will likely continue to operate at a
loss, at least until our business strategy is implemented, or if Bitcoin or other cryptocurrency prices decline, and we expect to
need to raise additional capital to expand our operations and pursue our growth strategies, including the acquisition of new or
additional miners to commence Bitcoin mining as planned, and to respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital
requirements. We may not be able to obtain adequate debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, which could impair our
growth and adversely affect our plan of operations. We need significant additional capital to pay for new Bitcoin miners. If we
raise additional equity financing, our shareholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests, and the per
share value of our common stock could decline. Furthermore, with respect to the recent loan agreement and any additional debt
financing, the holders of such debt would have priority over the holders of common stock on order of liquidation preference. We may
be required to accept terms that restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness or take other actions including terms that
require us to maintain specified liquidity or other ratios that could otherwise not be in the interests of our shareholders. 

9 

Even if we are able to raise sufficient capital,
we may encounter delays or difficulties in obtaining and deploying Bitcoin mining equipment as planned. 

In order to be successful in executing our business
plan, we need to efficiently replace our Ethereum mining equipment with Bitcoin mining equipment in a timely, efficient, and cost-effective
manner. Assuming we are able to raise sufficient capital to do so, we may encounter a variety of potential risks or problems with respect
to deploying the funds towards our new mining focus. There has been shortages of cryptocurrency mining equipment due to limited materials
such as computer chips. Further, to obtain Bitcoin mining equipment, we will be reliant on one or more manufacturers and/or suppliers
to provide us with the miners, who may require us to agree to excessive prices or fees, or may fail to deliver the purchased equipment
on schedule. Additionally, we will need skilled labor to install Bitcoin mining equipment. Also, because Bitcoin mining uses a proof of
work method which requires more energy than the proof of stake system employed by Ethereum s blockchain, our hosts current
electricity supply may be inadequate to launch our Bitcoin mining as envisioned without added costs to us, if at all. Any unexpected delays
or heightened costs will adversely effect our results of operation both by extending the period of time in which we are not mining cryptocurrencies
at our maximum potential capacity and increasing the costs of operating. Further, because of the volatile nature of the cryptocurrency
markets, including the prices of Bitcoin and Ethereum, any such delay could prevent us from mining and selling Bitcoin at higher prices.
For example, in early 2022 the price of Bitcoin declined by over 12,000 in a matter of weeks, and since the 2022 declines, the price
of Bitcoin has yet to return to its previous high. If we are unable to purchase, deploy and operate Bitcoin mining equipment in sufficient
quantities, at reasonable prices or on the delivery schedules that meet our business needs, or at all, it could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and future prospects. 

We are at an early stage of development of our cryptocurrency mining
business and currently have limited sources of revenue and may never become profitable. 

Until February 2021, we had no operations. Although
we began generating revenue in 2021 and early 2022 from our Ethereum mining activities, we since ceased mining Ethereum and are not actively
mining any cryptocurrency or otherwise generating revenue, and will not unless and until we obtain sufficient capital and otherwise can
execute our plan to install and operate Bitcoin mining equipment and infrastructure. Given these developments, even if we can launch a
Bitcoin mining enterprise to replace our prior Ethereum mining focus, we are subject to the risks and uncertainties of a new business,
including the risk that we may never develop, complete development or market any of our proposed services or be able to liquidate our
cryptocurrencies. Accordingly, we have only a limited history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be
made. If we are unable to increase our generation of revenue, we will not become profitable, and we may be unable to continue our operations.
Furthermore, our proposed operations are subject to all business risks associated with new enterprises. In order to expand our operations,
we will need to enter into new agreements and strategic relationships which will expose us to additional financial obligations and contingencies,
including the possibility of contractual disputes and reliance on third parties which are beyond our control. The likelihood of our success
must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with
the expansion of a business, operation in a competitive industry, and the continued development of advertising, promotions and a corresponding
customer base. There can be no assurances that we will operate profitably. 

We have a history of operating losses, and
we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. 

To date, we have mainly mined Ethereum, which
mining ceased in September 2022. Moving forward, and subject to certain contingencies described elsewhere in these Risk Factors and certain
other sections of this Report, our primary focus is on mining Bitcoin, and those operations are expected to be located outside of the
United States. Our current strategy will continue to expose us to the numerous risks and volatility associated within the cryptocurrency
sector, including due to the high costs of purchasing miners and sourcing power for them, while monitoring the price of Bitcoin, which
has historically been volatile. Further, we have experienced recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations. To date, we have
relied on debt or equity financings to fund our operations, and if the price of our cryptocurrencies are not sufficiently high to enable
us to sell the cryptocurrencies we mine at prices above our cost to mine it, then we are likely to continue to be unable to fund our operations
without raising additional capital. Further, even if prices are sufficiently high for our mining activities, we are likely to need to
raise additional capital to fund the acquisition of new miners to repair or replace our existing miners and expand our number of miners
to be competitive. We expect to incur additional net losses over the next several years as we seek to expand operations. The amount of
future losses and when, if ever, we will achieve profitability are uncertain. If we are unsuccessful at executing on our business plan,
our business, prospects, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

10 

Our auditors have issued a going concern 
audit opinion. 

Our independent auditors have indicated in their
report on our December 31, 2022 financial statements that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
A going concern opinion indicates that the financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going
concern for one year from the date the financial statements are issued and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future
effects on the recoverability and classification of assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result if we do
not continue as a going concern. Therefore, you should not rely on our balance sheet as an indication of the amount of proceeds that would
be available to satisfy claims of creditors, and potentially be available for distribution to shareholders, in the event of liquidation. 

Our mining operating costs have historically
outpaced our mining revenues, which has and could continue to put a strain on our business or increase our losses. 

Our mining operations are costly and our expenses
may increase in the future, including as we transition to mining Bitcoin, which will involve purchasing new mining equipment and potentially
deploying a greater amount of electricity to the mining process. This expense increase may not be offset by a corresponding increase in
revenue. Our expenses may be greater than we anticipate, and our investments to make our business more efficient may not succeed and may
outpace monetization efforts. Increases in our costs without a corresponding increase in our revenue would increase our losses and could
seriously harm our business and financial performance. 

The cost of obtaining new and replacement miners
and parts is highly capital intensive and may have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our mining operations can only be successful and
ultimately profitable if the costs, including hardware and electricity costs, associated with mining Bitcoin are lower than the price
for which we mine when we sell them. Our miners are subject to ordinary wear and tear from operation and may also face more significant
malfunctions caused by factors which may be beyond our control. For example, approximately 10 of our Ethereum miners experienced glitches
and defects and as a result demonstrated either limitations on mining capabilities or outright inability to mine, such that they had to
be replaced or repaired, or otherwise operated at the lower production levels. The result of this development was not only increased costs
to us, but also a reduced ability to generate revenue while these miners were not operating. Circumstances such as these, or a general
need to replace outdated miners in the future, which may arise if and when we launch Bitcoin mining operations which rely on similar equipment,
are highly cost intensive and can be a serious hindrance on our mining operations and ability to generate revenue or obtain profitability. 

Additionally, as the mining technology, our business
strategy and/or the cryptocurrency industry evolves, we may need to acquire newer models of miners to remain competitive in the market.
For example, as discussed above we will need to obtain new miners in order to mine Bitcoin as planned, although we have encountered and
expect to continue to face challenges in paying purchase price installments for these miners under our purchase orders. Certain models
of Bitcoin miners have been subject to defects diminishing our even eliminating their mining efficacy. Further, over time, we may replace
those miners which are no longer functional or efficient or powerful enough with new miners purchased from third-party manufacturers,
the cost of which may be higher than what we spent on prior models and/or such that we will need to raise more capital to do so. For instance,
the price of Bitcoin miners has historically been somewhat correlated to the price of Bitcoin, which has appreciated in recent years.
Depending on the price of new miners and our operational needs at the time we decide to replace miners in the future, we may have to do
so at higher costs than we could have previously, which would add to our losses. Alternatively, even absent defects or reductions in computing
power, mining machine models are upgraded frequently, and we are and will continue to be subject to either higher competitive pressure
as a result, or will be forced to expend large amounts of capital to remain competitive and maintain optimal hash rates. 

Inevitably, our older models will need to be repaired
or replaced as a product of ordinary wear and tear and depreciation and/or competitive forces in the marketplace or other factors rendering
our current miners obsolete. Any upgrading we may need or chose to undertake will require substantial capital investment, and we may face
challenges in locating the requisite capital in a timely manner and/or on terms favorable to us or not highly dilutive to our investors.
If we are unable to obtain adequate numbers of new and replacement miners in sufficient quantities or without delay, we may be unable
to compete in our highly competitive and continuously developing industry. If this happens, we may not be able to mine Bitcoin or other
cryptocurrency as efficiently or in sufficient amounts relative to our competition or at all and, as a result, our business and financial
results could suffer which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

11 

Because there are several competitors in our
industry that are purchasing mining equipment at scale and due to supply chain disruptions, we may encounter delays or difficulty in us
obtaining new miners, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We will need new mining equipment to further our
operations, both to implement business plan of shifting to Bitcoin mining and to address potential issues such as ordinary wear and tear
and defects which may arise in the future. Many of the competitors in our industry have also been purchasing mining equipment at scale,
which has caused a world-wide shortage of mining equipment and components used to produce them, as well as delayed delivery schedules
for new miner purchases. There can be no assurances the mining equipment manufacturers on which we will rely will be able to keep pace
with the surge in demand for mining equipment when we obtain, upgrade and/or expand upon our current miners. Supply chain disruptions
may adversely affect us, including shortages of transformers needed to power our miners. Additionally, the supply of the materials used
to produce miners, such as the application-specific integrated circuit ASIC computer chips that are the primary feature
in their computing power, may become subject to shortages, which could also either increase the cost beyond what we can reasonably afford
or reduce their availability without unreasonable delay or at all. It is uncertain how manufacturers will respond to these trends and
whether they can deliver on the schedules promised to any or all of their customers in the future. In the event manufacturers of mining
equipment or component parts or materials are not able to keep pace with demand or avoid supply shortages, we may not be able to purchase
such products in sufficient quantities, at reasonable prices or on the delivery schedules that meet our business needs, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

To the extent that the profit margins of Bitcoin
mining operations are not high, Bitcoin mining companies or other participants in the Bitcoin industry are more likely to immediately
sell Bitcoins in the market, thereby constraining growth of the price of Bitcoin that could adversely impact us. 

Over the years, Bitcoin mining operations have
shifted from individual users mining with computer processors, graphics processing units and first-generation ASIC servers to larger enterprises
with newer, more professionalized sources of processing power which has been predominantly added by professionalized 
mining operations and resulting demand for more professionalized and powerful miners having faster hash rates. These professionalized
mining operations may use proprietary hardware or sophisticated ASIC machines acquired from ASIC manufacturers. Acquiring this specialized
hardware at scale requires the investment of significant up-front capital, and mine operators incur significant expenses related
to the operation of this hardware at scale, such as the leasing of operating space, which is often done in data centers or warehousing
facilities, obtaining and paying for an electricity supply to run the miners and employing technicians to operate the mining facilities. 

As a result, these professionalized mining operations
are of a greater scale than prior miners and have more defined and regular expenses and liabilities. Because these regular expenses and
liabilities require professionalized mining operations to maintain profit margins on the sale of Bitcoin, to the extent the price of Bitcoin
declines and such profit margin is constrained, such mining companies are incentivized to sell Bitcoin earned from mining operations more
rapidly than individual mining companies who in past years were more likely to hold newly mined Bitcoin for longer periods. The immediate
selling of newly mined Bitcoin greatly increases the trading volume of Bitcoin, creating downward pressure on the market price of Bitcoin
rewards. 

The extent to which the value of Bitcoin mined
by a professionalized mining operation exceeds the allocable capital and operating costs determines the profit margin of such an operation.
A professionalized mining operation may be more likely to sell a higher percentage of its newly mined Bitcoin rapidly if it is operating
at a low profit margin and it may partially or completely cease operations if its profit margin is negative. In a low profit margin environment,
a higher percentage could be sold more rapidly, thereby potentially depressing Bitcoin prices. Lower Bitcoin prices could result in further
tightening of profit margins for professionalized mining operations creating a network effect that may further reduce the price of Bitcoin
until mining operations with higher operating costs become unprofitable forcing them to reduce mining power or cease mining operations
temporarily. 

12 

Because of our focus on Bitcoin mining and
the cryptocurrency industry in general, our future success will depend upon the value of Bitcoin and on the cryptocurrency markets, and
any sustained decline in its value could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our operating results will depend upon the value
of Bitcoin because it is the primary cryptocurrency we intend to mine moving forward, assuming we can raise the necessary capital to obtain
and install the Bitcoin mining equipment. Specifically, our revenues from our Bitcoin mining operations will be based upon two factors:
(1) the number of Bitcoin rewards we successfully mine and (2) the value and liquidity of Bitcoin. This means that our operating results
will be subject to swings based upon increases or decreases in the value of Bitcoin. Furthermore, our business strategy focuses solely
on producing Bitcoin (as opposed to other cryptocurrencies). Previously, we focused solely on mining Ethereum as that was the only mining
equipment available to us. If other cryptocurrencies overtake Bitcoin in terms of acceptance, the value of Bitcoin could decline. 

The cryptocurrency industry is characterized by
a high level of volatility, and the collapse in the prices of most popular cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum has cast doubt
on the future of cryptocurrency-focused businesses such as ours. This trend was further impacted by the recent controversy and failure
surrounding FTX, a cryptocurrency exchange that collapsed after its Chief Executive Officer was accused of fraud and misappropriation
of corporate funds in a manner that has been compared to both Enron and Madoff. Since then certain other cryptocurrency-focused companies
have filed for bankruptcy, and more recently in March 2023 two major U.S. banks with involvement in cryptocurrencies collapsed. The result
thus far has been a decline in the cryptocurrencies markets and in the public s perception of the industry. In addition, following
the FTX controversy, regulators began reviewing cryptocurrency-focused companies and their operations with greater scrutiny, and have
brought enforcement actions seeking to restrict or cease such activities. 

If we are unable to separate ourselves from the
recent adverse developments in the cryptocurrency space, or otherwise develop and execute on our business plan in a manner that enables
us to establish and maintain material revenue sources, our business and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Further,
a perceived lack of stability in the cryptocurrency markets and the closure or suspension shutdown of cryptocurrency exchanges and networks
due to business failure, hackers or malware, government-mandated regulation, or fraud, may reduce confidence in cryptocurrency networks
and result in greater volatility in cryptocurrency values, including Bitcoin, and on our results of operations. Further, our focus on
cryptocurrency, and the above-described past and/or any future adverse developments with respect to our operations or industry, could
result in declines or volatility in our stock price, difficulty or inability to obtain adequate financing as needed, on favorable terms
or at all, the risk of increased losses or asset impairments, and the potential for legal proceedings and reputational harm which could
arise from any of the foregoing. Such external developments have the potential to affect us even if we believe our financial condition,
operations and infrastructure our secure. These potential consequences could materially adversely affect an investment in us. 

Bitcoin is subject to halving, meaning that
the Bitcoin rewarded for solving a block will be reduced in the future and its value may not commensurately adjust to compensate us for
such reductions, and the overall supply of Bitcoin is finite. 

Bitcoin is subject to halving, which
is the process by which the Bitcoin reward for solving a block is reduced by 50 every 210,000 blocks that are solved. This means that
the amount of Bitcoin we (or any other miner) are rewarded for solving a block in the blockchain is permanently cut in half. For example,
the latest halving having occurred in May 2020, with a revised payout of 6.25 Bitcoin per block solved, down from the previous reward
rate of 12.5 Bitcoin per block solved. There can be no assurance that the price of Bitcoin will sufficiently increase to justify the increasingly
high costs of mining for Bitcoin given the halving feature. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the trading price of these
cryptocurrencies does not follow these anticipated halving events, the revenue we earn from our mining operations would see a corresponding
decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. To illustrate, even if the price of Bitcoin remains
at its price as of today, all other factors being equal (including the same number of miners and a stable hash rate) our revenue would
decrease substantially upon the next halving (which is anticipated to occur in 2024). 

Further, due to the halving process, unless the
underlying code of the Bitcoin blockchain is altered (which may be unlikely or difficult given its decentralized nature), the supply of
Bitcoin is finite. Once 21 million Bitcoin have been generated by virtue of solving blocks in the blockchain, the network will stop producing
more. Currently, there are approximately 19 million Bitcoin in circulation representing about 90 of the total supply of Bitcoin under
the current source code. For the foregoing reasons, the halving feature exposes us to inherent uncertainty and reliance upon the historically
volatile price of Bitcoin, rendering an investment in us particularly speculative, especially in the long-term. If the price of Bitcoin
does not significantly increase in value, your investment could become worthless. 

13 

Interruptions to internet access could disrupt our operations, which
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our cryptocurrency mining operations require access
to high-speed internet to be successful. If we lose internet access for a prolonged period, we may be required to reduce our operations
or cease them altogether. A disruption of the Internet may affect the use of cryptocurrencies and subsequently the value of our securities.
Generally, cryptocurrencies and our business of mining cryptocurrencies is dependent upon the Internet. A significant disruption in Internet
connectivity could disrupt a currency s network operations until the disruption is resolved and have an adverse effect on the price
of Bitcoin and our ability to mine Bitcoin. If this occurs, our business and results of operations may suffer, and our investors may be
materially and adversely effected. 

Bitcoin has forked multiple times and additional
forks may occur in the future which may affect the value of Bitcoin held or mined by the Company. 

To the extent that a significant majority of users
and mining companies on a cryptocurrency network install software that changes the cryptocurrency network or properties of a cryptocurrency,
including the irreversibility of transactions and limitations on the mining of new cryptocurrency, the cryptocurrency network would be
subject to new protocols and software. However, if less than a significant majority of users and mining companies on the cryptocurrency
network consent to the proposed modification, and the modification is not compatible with the software prior to its modification, the
consequence would be what is known as a fork of the network, with one prong running the pre-modified software and the
other running the modified software. The effect of such a fork would be the existence of two versions of the cryptocurrency running in
parallel yet lacking interchangeability and necessitating exchange-type transaction to convert currencies between the two forks.
Additionally, it may be unclear following a fork which fork represents the original cryptocurrency and which is the new cryptocurrency.
Different metrics adopted by industry participants to determine which is the original asset include: referring to the wishes of the core
developers of a cryptocurrency, blockchains with the greatest amount of hashing power contributed by miners or validators; or blockchains
with the longest chain. A fork in the network of a particular cryptocurrency could adversely affect an investment in our securities or
our ability to operate. Bitcoin s blockchain was forked multiple times creating alternative versions of the cryptocurrency such
as Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Gold and Bitcoin SV. The forks resulted in a new blockchain being created with a shared history, and a new
path forward. The value of the newly created versions including Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Gold and Bitcoin SV may or may not have value in
the long run and may affect the price of Bitcoin if interest is shifted away from Bitcoin to the newly created cryptocurrencies. The value
of Bitcoin after the creation of a fork is subject to many factors including the value of the fork product, market reaction to the creation
of the fork product, and the occurrence of forks in the future. As such, the value of Bitcoin could be materially reduced if existing
and future forks have a negative effect on Bitcoin s value. 

Our reliance primarily on a single model of miner may subject our
operations to increased risk of mine failure. 

The performance and reliability of our miners
and our technology is critical to our operations. We currently plan on using Katena and MicroBT Whatsminer models for mining Bitcoin.
If there are issues with those machines, such as a design flaw in the ASIC chips they employ, our entire system could be affected. This
would result in both lost revenue from inhibited mining operations and increased costs to repair and replace our mining infrastructure.
Therefore, any disruption in our ability to continue mining, even with a portion of our total miners, could result in a material reduction
to Bitcoin reward yields which would harm our business. Any weakness, flaw, or error which arises with our miners such similar to or more
severe and widespread than the problems we experienced with our miners may affect all or a large portion of our miners; therefore, if
a defect or other flaw exists, our entire mine could go offline simultaneously. Any such interruption, delay or inability to continue
operations could result in financial losses, a decrease in the trading price of our common stock and reputational harm, in which case
you could lose some or all of your investment. 

14 

Because of the reliance on third-party mining
pool service providers for our mining, its operations may have a negative impact on the Company s results of operations. 

The third party hosting company will arrange our
cryptocurrency mining operations using a mining pool, in which multiple cryptocurrency mining operators agree to join together and if
any of them are rewarded Bitcoin for mining a block on the blockchain, the pool participants receive a portion of such reward based on
the computing power contributed to mining that block. Under this arrangement, we would receive Bitcoin mining rewards from our mining
activity through a third-party mining pool operator. Mining pools allow miners to combine their processing power, increasing their
chances of solving a block and getting paid by the network. Should the pool operator s system suffer downtime due to a cyber-attack,
software malfunction or other similar issues, it will negatively impact our ability to mine and receive revenue. Furthermore, we are dependent
on the accuracy of the mining pool operator s record keeping to accurately record the total processing power provided to the pool
for a given Bitcoin mining application in order to assess the proportion of that total processing power we provided. We would have limited
means of recourse against the mining pool operator if we determine the proportion of the reward paid out to us by the mining pool operator
is incorrect, other than leaving the pool. If we are unable to consistently obtain accurate proportionate rewards from our mining pool
operators, we may experience reduced reward for our efforts, which would have an adverse effect on our business and operations. 

There is a possibility of cryptocurrency mining
algorithms transitioning to proof of stake validation and other mining related risks, which could make us less competitive and ultimately
adversely affect our business and the value of our stock. 

As previously mentioned, we ceased our Ethereum
mining operations and now focus solely on Bitcoin. There is a possibility of Bitcoin mining algorithms transitioning to proof of stake
validation in the future. Proof of stake is an alternative method in validating cryptocurrency transactions that is less dependent on
the consumption of electricity. Should the algorithm, whether it relates to Bitcoin or Ethereum, or other cryptocurrencies we mine shift
from a proof of work validation method to a proof of stake method, mining would likely require less energy, which may render any company
that maintains advantages in the current climate (for example, from lower priced electricity, processing, real estate, or hosting) less
competitive. We, as a result of our efforts to optimize and improve the efficiency of our mining operations, may be exposed to the risk
in the future of losing the relative competitive advantage we may have over some of our competitors as a result, and may be negatively
impacted if a switch to proof of stake validation were to occur. This is because we are investing heavily in equipment based on the mining
algorithms method of validation. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or results of operations, the value of Bitcoin, Ethereum or other cryptocurrencies
we mine or otherwise acquire and your investment in us. 

We may be accused of infringing intellectual
property rights of third parties. 

We may be subject to legal claims of alleged infringement
of the intellectual property rights of third parties. Due to the open-source and constantly evolving nature of our business, we may not
always be able to determine that we are using or accessing protected information or software. For example, there could be issued patents
of which we are not aware that our activities or the equipment or software we use may infringe. The ready availability of damages, royalties
and the potential for injunctive relief has increased the defense litigation costs of patent infringement claims, especially those asserted
by third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. Such claims, even if not meritorious, may result in significant
expenditure of financial and managerial resources, and the payment of damages or settlement amounts. Additionally, we may become subject
to injunctions prohibiting us from using software or business processes we currently use or may need to use in the future or requiring
us to obtain licenses from third parties when such licenses may not be available on financially feasible terms or terms acceptable to
us or at all. In addition, we may not be able to obtain on favorable terms, or at all, licenses or other rights with respect to intellectual
property we do not own in providing ecommerce services to other businesses and individuals under commercial agreements. 

15 

Risks Related to Our Reliance on Bitcoin and
the Cryptocurrency Industry 

Because of our focus on Bitcoin mining, the
trading price of shares of our common stock may increase or decrease with the trading price of Bitcoin, which subjects investors to pricing
risks, including bubble type risks, and volatility. 

Because of our dependence on Bitcoin, the trading
prices of our common stock may at times be tied to the trading prices of Bitcoin. Specifically, we may experience adverse effects on our
stock price when the value of Bitcoin drops. Furthermore, if the market for Bitcoin mine operators stocks or the stock market in
general experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business,
operating results or financial condition. The trading price of our common stock could be subject to arbitrary pricing factors that are
not necessarily associated with traditional factors that influence stock prices or the value of non-cryptocurrency assets such as
revenue, cash flows, profitability, growth prospects or business activity since the value and price, as determined by the investing public,
may be influenced by uncertain contingencies such as future anticipated adoption or appreciation in value of cryptocurrencies or blockchains
generally, and other factors over which we have little or no influence or control. 

Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency market prices,
which have historically been volatile and are impacted by a variety of factors (including those discussed below), are determined primarily
using data from various exchanges, over-the-counter markets and derivative platforms. Furthermore, such prices may be subject to
factors such as those that impact commodities, more so than business activities, which could be subjected to additional influence from
fraudulent or illegitimate actors, real or perceived scarcity, and political, economic, regulatory or other conditions. Pricing may be
the result of, and may continue to result in, speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of cryptocurrencies, or our share
price, making their market prices more volatile or creating bubble type risks for the trading price of Bitcoin. 

During Calendar year 2020, the trading price of
Bitcoin appreciated significantly, from a low closing value of approximately 5,000 per Bitcoin in March 2020, to a high closing value
of approximately 29,400 per Bitcoin in December 2020. From 2021 to present the trading price of Bitcoin was volatile with a high
of approximately 68,789 in November 2021 and a low of approximately 15,460 in November 2022. There can be no assurances that similar
fluctuations in the trading price of Bitcoin will not occur in the future. Accordingly, since our revenue will depend on the price of
Bitcoin, and the trading price of our securities may therefore at times be connected to the trading price of Bitcoin, if the trading price
of Bitcoin again experiences a significant decline, we could experience a similar decline in revenue and/or in the trading price for shares
of our common stock. If this occurs, you may lose some or all of your investment. 

Recent events have increased the likelihood
the US federal and state legislatures and regulatory agencies will enact laws and regulations to regulate cryptocurrencies and intermediaries,
and could have other adverse consequences. 

The collapse of Terra USD and Luna and the bankruptcy
filings of FTX and its subsidiaries, Three Arrows Capital, Celsius Network, Voyager Digital, Genesis Global and BlockFi have resulted
in calls for heightened scrutiny and regulation of the cryptocurrency industry, with a specific focus on cryptocurrency exchanges, platforms,
and custodians. Federal and state legislatures and regulatory agencies are expected to introduce and enact new laws and regulations to
regulate cryptocurrency intermediaries, such as cryptocurrency exchanges and custodians. The March 2023 collapses of Silicon Valley Bank
and Signature Bank may amplify and/or accelerate these trends. The U.S. regulatory regime - namely the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress
and certain U.S. agencies (e.g., the SEC, the CFTC, FinCEN, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation) as well as the White House have issued reports and releases concerning cryptocurrencies,
including Bitcoin and cryptocurrency markets. Further, in 2023 the House of Representatives formed two new subcommittees: the Digital
Assets, Financial Technology and Inclusion Subcommittee and the Commodity Markets, Digital Assets, and Rural Development Subcommittee,
each of which were formed in part to analyze issues concerning cryptocurrencies and demonstrate a legislative intent to develop and consider
the adoption of federal legislation designed to address the perceived need for regulation of and concerns surrounding the cryptocurrency
industry. However, the extent and content of any forthcoming laws and regulations are not yet ascertainable with certainty, and it may
not be ascertainable in the near future. A divided Congress makes any prediction difficult. Further the SEC seems to have changed tactics
and in early 2023 it sued multiple cryptocurrency companies for selling unregistered securities. We cannot predict how these and other
related events will affect us. We cannot assure you that future legislation or regulation will not have an adverse effect upon us. It
is possible that new laws and increased regulation and regulatory scrutiny may require the Company to comply with certain regulatory regimes,
which could result in new costs for the Company. The Company may have to devote increased time and attention to regulatory matters, which
could increase costs to the Company. New laws, regulations, and regulatory actions could significantly restrict or eliminate the market
for, or uses of, cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, which could have a negative effect on the value of Bitcoin, which in turn would have
a negative effect on the value of the Company s shares. 

16 

These events are continuing to develop and it
is not possible to predict, at this time, every risk that they may pose to us, our service providers, or the cryptocurrency industry as
a whole. A perceived lack of stability in the cryptocurrency market and the closure or temporary shutdown of cryptocurrency exchanges
and other cryptocurrency-focused enterprises due to business failure, hackers or malware, government-mandated regulation, or fraud, may
reduce confidence in cryptocurrency networks and result in greater volatility in cryptocurrency values. Further, these adverse developments
and public controversies could result in diminished public perception of our industry, and in turn of us, rendering it more difficult
to raise capital or otherwise further our or our investors interests. Any of these potential consequences could materially adversely
affect us and/or an investment in us. 

The markets for Bitcoin may be under-regulated
and, as a result, the market price of our cryptocurrency may be subject to significant volatility or manipulation, which could decrease
consumer confidence in cryptocurrencies and have a materially adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Cryptocurrencies that are represented and trade
on a ledger-based platform and those who hold them may not enjoy the same benefits as traditional securities available on trading markets
and their investors. Stock exchanges have listing requirements and vet issuers, requiring them to be subjected to rigorous listing standards
and rules, and monitor investors transacting on such platforms for fraud and other improprieties. These conditions may not necessarily
be replicated on a distributed ledger platform, depending on the platform s controls and other policies. The more lax a distributed
ledger platform is about vetting issuers of cryptocurrency assets or users that transact on the platform, the higher the potential risk
for fraud or the manipulation of the ledger due to a control event. 

Cryptocurrency market prices have historically
been volatile, are impacted by a variety of factors, and are determined primarily using data from various exchanges, over-the-counter
markets and derivative platforms. Furthermore, such prices may be subject to factors such as those that impact commodities, more so than
business activities, which could be subjected to additional influence from fraudulent or illegitimate actors, real or perceived scarcity,
and political, economic, regulatory or other conditions. Pricing may be the result of, and may continue to result in, speculation regarding
future appreciation in the value of cryptocurrencies, or our share price, making their market prices more volatile or creating bubble 
type risks for both our cryptocurrencies and shares of our common stock. 

These factors may inhibit consumer trust in and
market acceptance of cryptocurrencies as a means of exchange which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or
operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we mine or otherwise acquire. 

A particular cryptocurrency s status as
a security in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of uncertainty, with a growing number of regulators
taking the position that certain cryptocurrencies are securities and bringing enforcement actions accordingly, and if we are unable to
properly characterize a cryptocurrency or comply with the applicable regulatory requirements, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny,
investigations, fines, and other penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

While in February 2023 the SEC Chairman reiterated
his position that Bitcoin is not a security, the SEC and its staff have taken the position that every other cryptocurrency falls within
the definition of a security under the U.S. federal securities laws. Further, while we focus on Bitcoin, the SEC s
views or policies with respect to Bitcoin and the agency s regulatory authority over it could change over time, and we could in
the future expand our operations to mining or conducting other forms of business with cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin, particularly
given the early stages of our operational development. 

The legal test for determining whether any given
cryptocurrency is a security is a highly complex, fact-driven analysis that evolves over time, and the outcome is difficult to predict.
The SEC generally does not provide advance guidance or confirmation on the status of any particular cryptocurrency as a security. Furthermore,
the SEC s views in this area have evolved over time, and the SEC s Enforcement Division have recently demonstrated a willingness
and intention to bring actions against businesses with a cryptocurrency focus, including for failure to register transactions involving
cryptocurrencies under the federal securities laws by deeming such cryptocurrencies to be securities. For example, in February 2023 the
SEC charged Kraken with failing to register the offer and sale of its staking-as-a-service program, whereby investors transfer cryptocurrencies
to Kraken for staking in exchange for advertised annual investment returns. Kraken settled this action by agreeing to cease its staking
business and to pay 30 million in disgorgement, prejudgment interest and civil penalties. Similarly, in March 2023 the New York Attorney
General became the first U.S. regulator to claim in court that Ethereum, the cryptocurrency we used to mine, is a security in its lawsuit
against KuCoin, a cryptocurrency exchange. While we maintain that Bitcoin is not a security, if we become subject to regulatory scrutiny
or enforcement actions by securities regulators, based on mining or otherwise dealing in Bitcoin or in other cryptocurrencies, it could
result in a similar adverse outcome to us as was experienced by Kraken, including expensive litigation and penalties and cessation of
the allegedly noncompliant operations, which would materially adversely harm us. These or additional developments that may arise underscore
the risks in our business, particularly its reliance on cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin. Further, as disclosed elsewhere in this Report,
we are in the research and development stage of exploring treasury management alternatives to increase earnings of the cryptocurrency
we mine and hold, and regulatory developments may hinder our ability to proceed with what management believes to be a viable pursuit,
or if we pursue such an undertaking we could be exposed to the regulatory risks discussed in this Risk Factor. 

17 

Further, certain cryptocurrencies may be deemed
to be a security under the laws of some jurisdictions but not others. Various foreign jurisdictions may, in the future,
adopt additional laws, regulations, or directives that affect the characterization of cryptocurrencies as securities. As
a result of the foregoing recent and potential developments, we may be forced to, or voluntarily elect to, limit, suspend or cease our
staking services operations or certain aspects thereof in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and avoid the regulatory
scrutiny and adverse consequences that could result. Further, because of how recent these government actions are and the high probability
that further action is forthcoming, we anticipate higher compliance costs and diversion of management s limited time and attention
towards these events until a more definitive regulatory regime is established to govern the cryptocurrency industry in which we operate. 

If any cryptocurrency is deemed to be a security
under any U.S. federal, state, or foreign jurisdiction, or in a proceeding in a court of law or otherwise, it may have adverse consequences
for such cryptocurrency. For instance, the networks on which such cryptocurrency is utilized may be required to be regulated as securities
intermediaries, and subject to applicable rules, which could effectively render the network impracticable for its existing purposes. Further,
it could draw negative publicity and a decline in the general acceptance of the cryptocurrency. Also, such a development may make it difficult
for such supported cryptocurrency to be traded, cleared, and custodied as compared to other cryptocurrencies that are not considered to
be securities. These events could, among things, result in a decline in the market prices for the cryptocurrencies on which our operations
rely, and thereby reduce the demand for our solutions and the revenue generated therefrom. 

The development and acceptance of cryptographic
and algorithmic protocols governing the issuance of and transactions in cryptocurrencies is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult
to evaluate. 

The use of cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin,
to, among other things, buy and sell goods and services and complete transactions, is part of a new and rapidly evolving industry that
employs cryptocurrency assets based upon a computer-generated mathematical and/or cryptographic protocol. Large-scale acceptance of cryptocurrencies
as a means of payment has not, and may never, occur. The growth of this industry in general, and the use of Bitcoin in particular, is
subject to a high degree of uncertainty, and the slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of developing protocols may occur
unpredictably. The factors include, but are not limited to: 

the progress of worldwide growth in the adoption and use of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as a medium of exchange; 

governmental and organizational regulation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of the network or similar cryptocurrency systems; 

changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences, including as may result from coverage of Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies by journalists and other sources of information and media; 

the maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the network; 

the increased consolidation of contributors to the Bitcoin blockchain through mining pools and scaling of mining equipment by well-capitalized market participants; 

the availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, including new means of using fiat currencies; 

the use of the networks supporting Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies for developing smart contracts and distributed applications; 

general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies; and 

the impact of regulators focusing on cryptocurrencies and the costs associated with such regulatory oversight. 

18 

A decline in the popularity or acceptance of the
Bitcoin network could adversely affect an investment in us. 

The outcome of these factors could have negative
effects on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our business strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects or operations as well as potentially negative effects on the value of any Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies
we mine or otherwise acquire, which would harm investors in our securities. 

Currently, there is relatively small use of
Bitcoins in the retail and commercial marketplace in comparison to relatively large use by speculators, thus contributing to price volatility
that could adversely affect an investment in us. 

As relatively new products and technologies, Bitcoins
and the Bitcoin network have only recently become widely accepted as a means of payment for goods and services by many major retail and
commercial outlets, and use of Bitcoins by consumers to pay such retail and commercial outlets remains limited. Conversely, a significant
portion of Bitcoin demand is generated by speculators and investors seeking to profit from the short- or long-term holding of Bitcoins.
A lack of expansion by Bitcoins into retail and commercial markets, or a contraction of such use, may result in increased volatility or
a reduction in the price of Bitcoin, either of which could adversely impact an investment in us. If Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies
we mine do not gain widespread market acceptance or accrete in value over time, our prospects and your investment in us would diminish. 

Banks and financial institutions may not provide
banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses that engage in cryptocurrency-related activities, and turmoil among financial
institutions arising from or relating to cryptocurrencies or in general can materially adversely affect us and our industry. 

A number of companies that engage in Bitcoin
and/or other cryptocurrency-related activities have been unable to find banks or financial institutions that are willing to
provide them with bank accounts and other services. Similarly, a number of companies and individuals or businesses associated with
cryptocurrencies may have had and may continue to have their existing bank accounts closed or services discontinued with financial
institutions in response to government action, particularly in China, where regulatory response to cryptocurrencies has been to
initially exclude their use for ordinary consumer transactions within China and later to deem all cryptocurrency-related
transactions illegal in September 2021. The difficulty that many businesses that provide Bitcoin and/or derivatives on other
cryptocurrency-related activities have and may continue to have in finding banks and financial institutions willing to provide
them services may be decreasing the usefulness of cryptocurrencies as a payment system and harming public perception of
cryptocurrencies, and could decrease their usefulness and harm their public perception in the future. 

Further, in March 2023 two of the largest financial
institutions in the U.S., Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, which had involvement in cryptocurrencies, collapsed as continued negative
economic prospects and failures to obtain payment from borrowers, together with a large number of withdrawals, caused these banks to encounter
substantial financial difficulty leading up to these failures. In response to these events, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC transferred all the deposits, both insured and uninsured, of these banks to corresponding bridge banks 
operated by the FDIC as it markets the institution to potential bidders. While the impact of these developments on the Company and on
the cryptocurrency industry and the economy in general remain unclear, it is possible that these events underscore a broader financial
crisis facing the country, in which cryptocurrencies may have played and/or have yet to play a role. In the wake of these collapses, the
U.S. capital markets and the prices of equity securities and cryptocurrencies have faced significant volatility as investors continue
to evaluate these events and how they may interact with other ongoing issues with the U.S. economy, including inflation and Federal Reserve
interest rate increases. 

Regulators have also taken action that calls the
future role of cryptocurrencies in the U.S. financial system into question. For example, in January 2023, the Federal Reserve, Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation issued a joint statement on the liquidity risks that cryptocurrencies
pose and urging financial institutions to engage in transactions involving cryptocurrencies and cryptocurrency-focused clients with caution,
which could potentially create challenges regarding access to financial services. Moreover, in January 2023, the White House issued a
statement cautioning deepening ties between cryptocurrencies and the broader financial system. Meanwhile, the SEC has taken several actions
aimed at curtailing activities it deems sales of unregistered securities. However, also during January of 2023, the U.S. House of Representatives
announced its first ever Financial Services Subcommittee on Digital Assets and the intention to develop a regulatory framework for the
use and trade of digital assets and related financial services products in the United States. Bipartisan leadership of the Senate Banking
Committee announced a similar objective. 

19 

The usefulness of cryptocurrencies as a payment
system and the public perception of cryptocurrencies could be damaged if banks or financial institutions were to close the accounts of
businesses engaging in Bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related activities, which contingencies may become more likely in the
future if and to the extent cryptocurrencies are considered a significant factor in the recent financial collapses experienced by the
major banks as described above. This could occur as a result of compliance risk, cost, government regulation or public pressure. The risk
applies to securities firms, clearance and settlement firms, national stock and derivatives on commodities exchanges, the over-the-counter market,
and the Depository Trust Company, which, if any of such entities adopts or implements similar policies, rules or regulations, could negatively
affect our relationships with financial institutions and impede our ability to convert cryptocurrencies to fiat currencies. Such factors
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to monetize our mining efforts, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and harm investors. 

Political or economic crises may motivate large-scale sales of cryptocurrencies,
which could result in a reduction in values of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin adversely affect an investment in us. 

Geopolitical or economic crises may motivate large-scale
sales of cryptocurrencies, which could rapidly decrease the price of cryptocurrencies. For example, market analysts have indicated that
in some cases, such as during large scale adverse economic events, trading and market prices of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin have
correlated to some extent with the movement of equity markets, regardless of the stock or asset class. For example, in March 2020, as
global shutdowns ramped up in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the price of Bitcoin plummeted together with stock prices globally. Similarly,
in 2022 as the Federal Reserve raised interests rates to combat inflation, cryptocurrency prices declined with stock prices in the U.S.
These trends are contrary to a formerly commonly held conception that buying and holding cryptocurrencies can be used as a hedge 
to investing in the more conventional equity markets, and may eventually result in diminished popularity of cryptocurrencies in general
by the public. Alternatively, as an emerging asset class with limited acceptance as a payment system or commodity, global crises and general
economic downturn may discourage investment in cryptocurrencies as investors focus their investment on less volatile asset classes as
a means of hedging their investment risk. 

As an alternative to fiat currencies that are
backed by central governments, cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin, which are relatively new, are subject to supply and demand forces based
upon the desirability of an alternative, decentralized means of buying and selling goods and services, and it is unclear how such supply
and demand will be impacted by geopolitical events. Nevertheless, political or economic crises may motivate large-scale acquisitions or
sales of cryptocurrencies either globally or locally. Large-scale sales of cryptocurrencies would result in a reduction in cryptocurrency
values and could adversely affect an investment in us. 

The decentralized nature of cryptocurrency
systems may lead to slow or inadequate responses to crises, which may negatively affect our business . 

The decentralized nature of the governance of
cryptocurrency systems may lead to ineffective decision making that slows development or prevents a network from overcoming emergent obstacles.
Governance of many cryptocurrency systems is by voluntary consensus and open competition with no clear leadership structure or authority.
To the extent lack of clarity in corporate governance of cryptocurrency systems leads to ineffective decision making that slows development
and growth of such cryptocurrencies, the value of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

It may be illegal now, or in the future, to
acquire, own, hold, sell or use digital assets in one or more countries, and ownership of, holding or trading in our securities may also
be considered illegal and subject to sanction. 

As digital assets have grown in both popularity
and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to digital assets; certain governments have deemed them illegal,
and others have allowed their use and trade without restriction, while in some jurisdictions, such as in the U.S., subject to extensive,
and in some cases overlapping, unclear and evolving regulatory requirements. Ongoing and future regulatory actions may impact our ability
to continue to operate, and such actions could affect our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations. 

20 

The emergence of competing blockchain platforms
or technologies may harm our business as presently conducted. 

If blockchain platforms or technologies which
compete with Bitcoin and its blockchain, including competing cryptocurrencies which our miners may not be able to mine, such as cryptocurrencies
being developed or may be developed by popular social media platforms, online retailers, or government sponsored cryptocurrencies, consumers
may use such alternative platforms or technologies. If that were to occur, we would face difficulty adapting to emergent such digital
ledgers, blockchains, or alternative platforms or digital assets. This may adversely affect us by preventing us from realizing the anticipated
profits from our investments and forcing us to expend additional capital in an effort to adapt. Further, to the extent we cannot adapt,
be it due to our specialized miners or otherwise, we could be forced to cease operations. Such circumstances would have a material adverse
effect on our business, and in turn investors investments in our securities. 

Cryptocurrencies face significant scaling obstacles
that can lead to high fees or slow transaction settlement times. 

Cryptocurrencies face significant scaling obstacles
that can lead to high fees or slow transaction settlement times, and attempts to increase the volume of transactions may not be effective.
Therefore, scaling cryptocurrencies will be essential to the widespread acceptance of cryptocurrencies as a means of payment, which widespread
acceptance is necessary to the continued growth and development of our business. Many cryptocurrency networks face significant scaling
challenges, such as limitations on how many transactions can occur per second. There can be no guarantee that any of the systems in place
or being considered to increasing the scale of settlement of cryptocurrency transactions will be effective, or how long they will take
to become effective, which could adversely affect an investment in our securities. 

The price of cryptocurrencies may be affected
by the sale of such cryptocurrencies by other vehicles investing in cryptocurrencies or tracking cryptocurrency markets. 

The global market for cryptocurrency is characterized
by supply constraints that differ from those present in the markets for commodities or other assets such as gold and silver. The mathematical
protocols under which certain cryptocurrencies are mined permit the creation of a limited, predetermined amount of digital currency, while
others have no limit established on total supply. Increased numbers of miners and deployed mining power globally will likely continue
to increase the available supply of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, which may depress their market price. Further, large block
sales involving significant numbers of Bitcoin following appreciation in the market price of Bitcoin may also increase the supply
of Bitcoin available on the market, which, without a corresponding increase in demand, may cause its price to fall. Additionally, to the
extent that other vehicles investing in cryptocurrencies or tracking cryptocurrency markets form and come to represent a significant proportion
of the demand for cryptocurrencies, large redemptions of the securities of those vehicles and the subsequent sale of cryptocurrencies
by such vehicles could negatively affect cryptocurrency prices and therefore affect the value of the cryptocurrency inventory we hold.
Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin or
other cryptocurrencies we mine. 

The Bitcoin we mine may be subject to loss,
damage, theft or restriction on access. 

There is a risk that some or all of the Bitcoin
we mine could be lost or stolen. In general, cryptocurrencies are stored in cryptocurrency sites commonly referred to as wallets 
by holders of cryptocurrencies which may be accessed to exchange a holder s cryptocurrency assets. Access to our Bitcoin could also
be restricted by cybercrime (such as a denial of service attack). While we take steps to attempt to secure the Bitcoin we hold, there
can be no assurance our efforts to protect our digital assets will be successful. Hackers or malicious actors may launch attacks to steal,
compromise or secure cryptocurrencies, such as by attacking the cryptocurrency network source code, exchange miners, third-party platforms,
cold and hot storage locations or software, or by other means. Any of these events may adversely affect our operations and, consequently,
our ability to generate revenue and become profitable. The loss or destruction of a private key required to access our digital wallets
may be irreversible and we may be denied access for all time to our Bitcoin holdings. Our loss of access to our private keys or our experience
of a data loss relating to our digital wallets could adversely affect our business. Cryptocurrencies are controllable only by the possessor
of both the unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which they are held, which wallet s
public key or address is reflected in the network s public blockchain. We are required to publish the public key relating to digital
wallets in use when we verify the receipt of transfers and disseminate such information into the network, but we will need to safeguard
the private keys relating to such digital wallets. To the extent such private keys are lost, destroyed or otherwise compromised, we will
be unable to access our Bitcoin rewards and such private keys may not be capable of being restored by any network. Any loss of private
keys relating to digital wallets used to store our mined Bitcoin could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
ability to continue as a going concern, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially
the value of any Bitcoin we mine. For example, the New York Times reported in January 2021 that about 20 of existing Bitcoin appears
to be lost due to password issues. 

21 

Incorrect or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions
may be irreversible. 

Cryptocurrency transactions are irrevocable and
stolen or incorrectly transferred cryptocurrencies may be irretrievable. As a result, any incorrectly executed or fraudulent cryptocurrency
transactions, such as a result of a cybersecurity breach against our Bitcoin holdings, could adversely affect our investments and assets.
This is because cryptocurrency transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation
of the recipient of the cryptocurrencies from the transaction. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added
to a blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a cryptocurrency or a theft thereof generally will not be reversible and we may not have sufficient
recourse to recover our losses from any such transfer or theft. Further, it is possible that, through computer or human error, or through
theft or criminal action, our cryptocurrency rewards could be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties, or to
uncontrolled accounts. If an errant or fraudulent transaction in our Bitcoin were to occur, we would have very limited means of seeking
to reverse the transaction or seek recourse. To the extent that we are unable to recover our losses from such action, error or theft,
such events could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We will rely on one or more third parties for
depositing, storing and withdrawing the cryptocurrency we mine, which could result in loss of assets, disputes and other liabilities or
risks which could adversely impact our business. 

We will use a Copper.Co digital wallet to store
the Bitcoin we mine. Copper.Co provide an institutional grade custody service to secure the Bitcoin that we hold. Although we may change
to another digital wallet provider or use multiple providers at any time. In order to own, transfer and use Bitcoin on the blockchain
network, we must have a private and public key pair associated with a network address, commonly referred to as a wallet .
Each wallet is associated with a unique public key and private key pair, each of which is a string of alphanumerical
characters. To deposit Bitcoin into our digital wallet, we must sign a transaction that consists of the private key of the
wallet from where the Bitcoin is being transferred, the public key of a wallet that Copper.Co or its custodian controls and provides to
us, and broadcast the deposit transaction onto the underlying blockchain network. Similarly, to withdraw Bitcoin from our account, we
must provide Copper.Co or its custodian with the public key of the wallet that the Bitcoin are to be transferred to, and Copper.Co or
its custodian then signs a transaction authorizing the transfer. In addition, some cryptocurrency networks require additional
information to be provided in connection with any transfer of cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin. A number of errors or other adverse events
can occur in the process of depositing, storing or withdrawing Bitcoin into or from Copper.Co, such as typos, mistakes, or the failure
to include the information required by the blockchain network. For instance, a user may incorrectly enter our wallet s public key
or the desired recipient s public key when depositing and withdrawing Bitcoin. Additionally, our reliance on third parties such
as Copper.Co and the maintenance of keys to access and utilize our digital wallet will expose us to enhanced cybersecurity risks from
unauthorized third parties deploying illicit activities such as hacking, phishing and social engineering, notwithstanding the security
systems and safeguards employed by us and others. Cyberattacks upon systems across a variety of industries, including the cryptocurrency
industry, are increasing in frequency, persistence, and sophistication, and, in many cases, are being conducted by sophisticated, well-funded,
and organized groups and individuals. For example, attacks may be designed to deceive employees and service providers into releasing control
of the systems on which we depend to a hacker, while others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware into such systems with a
view to stealing confidential or proprietary data. These attacks may occur on our digital wallet or the systems of our third-party service
providers or partners, which could result in asset losses and other adverse consequences. Alternatively, we may inadvertently transfer
Bitcoin to a wallet address that we do not own, control or hold the private keys to. In addition, a Bitcoin wallet address can only be
used to send and receive Bitcoin, and if the Bitcoin is inadvertently sent to an Ethereum or other cryptocurrency wallet address, or if
any of the foregoing errors occur, all of the Bitcoin will be permanently and irretrievably lost with no means of recovery. Such incidents
could result in asset loss or disputes, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. 

Security threats to us could result in a loss of Company s
Bitcoin holdings. 

Security breaches, computer malware and computer
hacking attacks have been a prevalent concern in the Bitcoin exchange market since the launch of the Bitcoin network. Any security breach
caused by hacking, which involves efforts to gain unauthorized access to information or systems, or to cause intentional malfunctions
or loss or corruption of data, software, hardware or other computer equipment, and the inadvertent transmission of computer viruses, could
harm our business operations or result in loss of our Bitcoin and lost revenue. Furthermore we believe that to the extent we hold greater
amounts of Bitcoin, we may become a more appealing target for security threats such as hackers and malware. 

22 

The security system and operational infrastructure
may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, error or malfeasance of an employee of ours, or otherwise, and, as a result, an
unauthorized party may obtain access to our, private keys, data or Bitcoins. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently
induce employees of ours to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our infrastructure. As the techniques used to obtain
unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, or may be designed to remain dormant until a predetermined
event and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate
preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security system occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our
security system could be harmed, which could adversely affect an investment in us. In the event of a security breach, we may be forced
to cease operations, or suffer a reduction in our digital assets, the occurrence of each of which could adversely affect an investment
in us. 

If a malicious actor or botnet obtains control
of more than 50 of the processing power on a cryptocurrency network, such actor or botnet could manipulate blockchains to adversely affect
us, which would adversely affect an investment in us or our ability to operate. 

If a malicious actor or botnet (a volunteer or
hacked collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) obtains a majority of the processing
power dedicated to mining a cryptocurrency, it may be able to alter blockchains on which transactions of cryptocurrency reside and rely
by constructing fraudulent blocks or preventing certain transactions from completing in a timely manner, or at all. The malicious actor
or botnet could control, exclude or modify the ordering of transactions, though it could not generate new units or transactions using
such control. The malicious actor could double-spend its own cryptocurrency (i.e., spend the same Bitcoin in more than one
transaction) and prevent the confirmation of other users transactions for as long as it maintained control. To the extent that
such malicious actor or botnet does not yield its control of the processing power on the network or the cryptocurrency community does
not reject the fraudulent blocks as malicious, reversing any changes made to blockchains may not be possible. The foregoing description
is not the only means by which the entirety of blockchains or cryptocurrencies may be compromised but is only an example. 

Although there are no known reports of malicious
activity or control of blockchains achieved through controlling over 50 of the processing power on the network, it is believed that certain
mining pools may have exceeded the 50 threshold in Bitcoin. The possible crossing of the 50 threshold indicates a greater risk that
a single mining pool could exert authority over the validation of Bitcoin transactions. To the extent that the Bitcoin community, and
the administrators of mining pools, do not act to ensure greater decentralization of Bitcoin mining processing power, the feasibility
of a botnet or malicious actor obtaining control of the blockchain s processing power will increase, because such botnet or malicious
actor could more readily infiltrate and seize control over the blockchain by compromising a single mining pool, if the mining pool compromises
more than 50 of the mining power on the blockchain, than it could if the mining pool had a smaller share of the blockchain s total
hashing power. Conversely, if the blockchain remains decentralized it is inherently more difficult for the botnet or malicious actor to
aggregate enough processing power to gain control of the blockchain. If this were to occur, the public may lose confidence in the Bitcoin
blockchain, and blockchain technology more generally. This would likely have a material and adverse effect on the price of Bitcoin, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results and operations, and harm investors. 

If the Bitcoin rewards for solving blocks are
not sufficiently high, miners may not have adequate incentive to continue mining and may cease mining operations, which may make the blockchains
they support with their mining activity less stable. 

As the number of cryptocurrency rewards awarded
for solving a block in a blockchain decreases, the relative cost of producing a single cryptocurrency will also increase, unless there
is a corresponding increase in demand for that cryptocurrency. Even relatively stable demand may not be sufficient to support the costs
of mining, because as new miners begin working to solve blocks, the relative amount of energy expended to obtain a cryptocurrency award
will tend to increase. This increased energy directly relates to an increased cost of mining, which means an increased cost of obtaining
a cryptocurrency award. This increased cost, if not met with a corresponding increase in the market price for the cryptocurrency resulting
from increased scarcity and demand, may lead miners, such as us, to conclude they do not have an adequate incentive to continue mining
and, therefore, may cease their mining operations. This could in turn reduce the sustainability of the Bitcoin blockchain, which is dependent
upon continued mining to solve the block s algorithms and process transactions in Bitcoin. If this were to occur, your investment
in us could become worthless. 

23 

Cryptocurrencies, including those maintained
by or for us, may be exposed to cybersecurity threats and hacks. 

As with any computer code generally, flaws in
cryptocurrency codes may be exposed by malicious actors. Several errors and defects have been found previously, including those that disabled
some functionality for users and exposed users information. Exploitations of flaws in the source code that allow malicious actors
to take or create money have previously occurred. Despite our efforts and processes to prevent breaches, our devices, as well as our miners,
computer systems and those of third parties that we use in our operations, are vulnerable to cyber security risks, including cyber-attacks
such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, employee theft or misuse, and
similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our miners and computer systems or those of third parties that we use in our operations.
Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any Bitcoin or
other cryptocurrencies we mine. 

We have an evolving business model which is subject to various uncertainties. 

As cryptocurrency assets and blockchain technologies
become more widely available, we expect the services and products associated with them to evolve. In order to stay current with the industry,
our business model may need to evolve as well. From time to time, we may modify aspects of our business model relating to our strategy.
We cannot offer any assurance that these or any other modifications will be successful or will not result in harm to our business. We
may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating
results. Further, we cannot provide any assurance that we will successfully identify all emerging trends and growth opportunities in this
business sector and we may lose out on those opportunities. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects
or operations. 

Risks Related to Governmental Regulation and Enforcement 

Regulatory changes or other actions may alter
the nature of an investment in us or restrict the use of cryptocurrencies in a manner that adversely affects our business, prospects or
operations. 

As cryptocurrencies have grown in both popularity
and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrencies; certain governments have deemed them illegal,
and others have allowed their use and trade with no or minimal restriction, while in some jurisdictions, such as in the U.S., cryptocurrencies
are subject to extensive, and in some cases overlapping, unclear and evolving regulatory requirements. As concern over cryptocurrencies 
role in the broader economy and society as a whole grows, regulatory authorities have demonstrated an increased interest in enforcement
actions, legislative initiatives and other forms of restriction and oversight in an effort to protect the general public from the perceived
risks and uncertainties, as described in certain of the preceding Risk Factors. Further, additional laws, regulations and rules from are
expected to arise in the future from legislative bodies, agencies and self-regulatory organizations, some of which may adversely affect
us, either directly by impacting our operations or those of third parties on which we rely or indirectly by affecting the cryptocurrency
market generally or otherwise. Ongoing and future regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or
operations. 

Current interpretations require the regulation
of Bitcoin under the CEA by the CFTC, and we may be required to register and comply with such regulations. Any disruption of our operations
in response to the changed regulatory circumstances may be at a time that is disadvantageous to investors. 

Current and future legislation, the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory
authority, may impact the manner in which Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are treated for classification and clearing purposes. In
particular, derivatives on these assets are not excluded from the definition of commodity future by the CFTC. We cannot
be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies under the law. 

24 

Bitcoins have been deemed to fall within the definition
of a commodity and, we may be required to register and comply with additional regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act CEA ),
including additional periodic report and disclosure standards and requirements. Moreover, we may be required to register as a commodity
pool operator and to register us as a commodity pool with the CFTC through the National Futures Association. Such additional registrations
may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses, thereby materially and adversely impacting an investment in us. If we determine not
to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain of our operations. Any such action
may adversely affect an investment in us. 

Our interactions with a blockchain may expose
us to SDN or blocked persons or cause us to violate provisions of law that did not contemplate distribute ledger technology. 

The Office of Financial Assets Control OFAC of the U.S. Department of Treasury requires us to comply with its sanction program and not conduct business with persons named on its
specially designated nationals SDN list. However, because of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain transactions we may
inadvertently and without our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC s SDN list. Our Company s policy
prohibits any transactions with such SDN individuals, but we may not be adequately capable of determining the ultimate identity of the
individual with whom we transact with respect to selling cryptocurrency assets. Moreover, federal law prohibits any U.S. person from knowingly
or unknowingly possessing any visual depiction commonly known as child pornography. Recent media reports have suggested that persons have
imbedded such depictions on one or more blockchains. Because our business requires us to download and retain one or more blockchains to
effectuate our ongoing business, it is possible that such digital ledgers contain prohibited depictions without our knowledge or consent.
To the extent government enforcement authorities literally enforce these and other laws and regulations that are impacted by decentralized
distributed ledger technology, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and civil or criminal monetary
fines and penalties, all of which could harm our reputation and affect the value of our common stock. 

Governmental action against the blockchain
and Bitcoin mining may have a materially adverse effect on the industry, and could affect us if widely adopted. 

In addition to regulatory actions affecting cryptocurrencies
in general or particular stakeholders within the industry, we could become subject to regulations aimed at preventing what are perceived
as some of the negative attributes of Bitcoin and Bitcoin mining. For example, China has already made transacting in cryptocurrencies
illegal for Chinese citizens in mainland China, and additional restrictions may follow. Further, on March 2, 2021, governmental authorities
of the Chinese province of Inner Mongolia, began to take action to impose an outright ban on Bitcoin mining in the province due to the
industry s high electrical consumption demands and negative environmental impacts. In the U.S. certain states and local jurisdictions
have also taken action aimed at curtailing cryptocurrency mining. This could demonstrate the beginning of a regulatory trend in response
to concerns of overconsumption as it relates to environmental impact and energy conservation, and similar action in a jurisdiction in
which we operate could have devastating effects to our operations. If further regulation follows, it is possible that our industry may
not be able to adjust to a sudden and dramatic overhaul to our ability to deploy energy towards the operation of mining equipment. We
no longer have any mining operations in the U.S. and anticipate substantially all of our mining operation will now be in Egypt and the
balance in Canada. 

Because we are unable to influence or predict
future regulatory actions taken by governments, we may face difficulty monitoring and responding to rapid regulatory developments affecting
Bitcoin mining, which may have a materially adverse effect on our industry and, therefore, our business and results of operations. If
further regulatory action is taken by governments in the United States or elsewhere, our business may be materially harmed and you could
lose some or all of your investment. 

We are subject to the information and reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and other federal securities laws, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). 

The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly
reports and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to shareholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they
would have been if we were privately held. It may be time consuming, difficult and costly for us to develop, implement and maintain the
internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may need to hire additional financial reporting, internal
controls and other finance personnel in order to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. 

25 

Public company compliance may make it more
difficult to attract and retain officers and directors. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules implemented by
the SEC have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. As a public company, we expect these rules and regulations
to increase our compliance costs and make certain activities more time consuming and costly. The impact of the SEC s July 25, 2017
report on digital securities as well as enforcement actions and speeches made by the SEC s Chairman will increase our compliance
and legal costs. As a public company, we also expect that these rules and regulations will make it more difficult and expensive for us
to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or
incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain
qualified persons to serve on our Board or as executive officers, and to maintain insurance at reasonable rates, or at all. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our stock price may be volatile. 

The market price of our common stock is likely
to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including
the following: 

changes in our industry including changes which adversely affect Bitcoin; 

the continued volatility of the price of Bitcoin; 

our ability to obtain working capital financing and commence our planned Bitcoin mining operations; 

progress and publications of the commercial acceptance of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies; 

additions or departures of key personnel including our executive officers; 

sales of our common stock; 

any public announcement of entering into new agreements and terms thereof, including with respect to the purchase of miners and contracts for the supply of electricity to our facility; 

business disruptions caused by earthquakes, tornadoes, terrorism or other natural disasters; 

our ability to execute our business plan; 

operating results that fall below expectations; 

loss of any strategic relationship; 

adverse regulatory developments; and 

economic and other external factors. 

In addition, the securities markets have from
time-to-time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. As a result, you may be unable
to resell your shares at a desired price. 

26 

We have not paid cash dividends in the past
and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common
stock and do not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings,
financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our Board may consider relevant. If we do not
pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

Because our common stock does not trade on
a national securities exchange, the prices of our common stock may be more volatile and lower than if we were listed. 

Our common stock trades on the OTC Pink operated
by OTC Markets Group Inc. This market is not a national securities exchange. Generally the OTC Pink does not have the same level of activity
as a national securities exchange like Nasdaq. Most institutions will not purchase a security unless it is on a national securities exchange.
In addition, they do not purchase stocks that trade below 5.00 per share. We may, in the future, take certain steps, including utilizing
investor awareness campaigns, press releases, road shows and conferences to increase awareness of our business and any steps that we might
take to bring us to the awareness of investors may require we compensate consultants with cash and/or stock. There can be no assurance
that there will be any awareness generated or the results of any efforts will result in any impact on our trading volume. Consequently,
investors may not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price that reflects the value of the business and trading
may be at an inflated price relative to the performance of our company due to, among other things, availability of sellers of our shares. 

Our common stock is deemed a penny stock, which makes
it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares. 

Our common stock is subject to the penny
stock rules adopted under Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose common stock
trades at less than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exceptions. Such exceptions include among others any equity security listed on
a national securities exchange and any equity security issued by an issuer that has (i) net tangible assets of at least 2,000,000 if
such issuer has been in continuous operation for three years, net tangible assets of at least 5,000,000, if such issuer has been in continuous
operation for less than three years, or (iii) average annual revenue of at least 6,000,000 for the last three years. The penny
stock designation requires any broker-dealer selling these securities to disclose certain information concerning the transaction,
obtain a written agreement from the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is reasonably suitable to purchase the securities. These
rules limit the ability of broker-dealers to solicit purchases of our common stock and therefore reduce its liquidity. 

Moreover, as a result of apparent regulatory pressure
from the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, a growing number of broker-dealers decline to permit investors, or otherwise
make it difficult, to purchase and sell penny stocks. The penny stock designation may have a depressive effect
upon our common stock price. If we remain subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period, it could have an adverse effect
on the market, if any, for our securities. Because our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules, investors will find it more difficult
to dispose of our securities. 

Substantial future sales of our common stock
by us or by our existing shareholders could cause our stock price to fall. 

Additional equity financings or other share issuances
by us, including shares issued in connection with strategic alliances and corporate partnering transactions, could adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. Sales by existing shareholders of a large number of shares of our common stock in the public market
or the perception that additional sales could occur could cause the market price of our common stock to drop. 

27 

Until January 31, 2022, we were a shell company
and as such shareholders can only rely on the provisions of Rule 144 for the resale of their shares when certain conditions are met. 

We have been a shell company as defined under
Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act ). As securities issued by a former shell company, the securities
issued by us can only be resold under Rule 144 when certain conditions are met, including that: (i) we are subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and (ii) we have filed all required reports under the Exchange Act of
the preceding 12 months. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not applicable for a smaller reporting company. 

28 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

F-1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and
 2021; 
 
 F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021; 
 
 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the years ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021; 
 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended December 31, 2022 and
 2021; 
 
 F-6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

29 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Edgemode, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of EdgeMode, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year ended and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company began operations in 2020, has incurred net losses from operations since inception, and has an accumulated deficiency,
which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are
discussed in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue Recognition 

As discussed in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company provides computing power in cryptocurrency transaction validation services to certain mining pool operators.
The transaction consideration received by the Company, if any, is a non-cash consideration, which the Company measures at fair value on
the date received. 

The principal consideration for our determination
that performing procedures related to revenue recognition is a critical audit matter is due to the complexities involved in auditing the
completeness and occurrence of the revenue recognized by the Company. 

To form our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements, we performed substantive analytical procedures to determine the existence, occurrence, and valuation of the digital
assets awarded to the Company as consideration for their services rendered to the pool operators. Additionally, auditing management s
evaluation of the accounting for mining revenues recognized involved significant judgement and subjectivity due to lack of formal GAAP
guidance in the United States. 

/s/ 

April 17, 2023 

F- 1 

Edgemode, Inc. (Formerly Fourth Wave Energy,
Inc.) 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Subscription receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Prepaid hosting services 

Deferred offering costs 

Total current assets 

Intangible assets - cryptocurrencies 

Equipment, net 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll 

Accrued dividends 

Equipment notes payable 

Notes payable 

Series B preferred shares liability, net 

Total current liabilities 

Equipment notes payable, net of current 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Preferred shares of EdgeMode 

Stockholders' equity (deficit): 

Preferred shares, 
 par value, 
 shares authorized December 31, 2022 and 2021; zero issued and outstanding December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common shares, and shares authorized, December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; Par value ; and shares issued and outstanding, December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Stockholders' equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

Edgemode, Inc. (Formerly Fourth Wave Energy,
Inc.) 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Loss on sale of equipment and impairment 

Loss on cryptocurrencies 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense: 

Interest expense 

Other expense 

Total other expense 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Preferred Dividends 

Net loss to common shareholders 

Loss per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Edgemode, Inc. (Formerly Fourth Wave Energy,
Inc.) 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Mezzanine Equity 

Total 

Preferred 
 
 Common 
 Additional 
 
 Stockholders 

Preferred 
 Stock 
 Common 
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Common shares issued in exchange for cash 

Preferred shares issued in exchange for cash 

Common shares issued in exchange for cryptocurrency 

Common shares issued for exercise of options 

Common shares issued for exercise of options - cashless 

Common shares issued for exercise of options - cryptocurrency 

Stock-based compensation 

Contribution of Cryptocurrency from related party 

Preferred dividends 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Conversion of preferred shares into common 

Recapitalization of reverse merger 

Common shares issued in exchange for cash 

Common shares issued in exchange for cryptocurrency 

Common shares issued in exchange for compensation 

Common shares issued in exchange for deferred financing costs 

Common shares cancelled pursuant to SEC Legal case 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Edgemode, Inc. (Formerly Fourth Wave Energy,
Inc.) 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Interest expense on principal default 

Loss on sale of equipment and impairment 

Stock-based compensation 

Cryptocurrency used for compensation 

Loss on cryptocurrency transactions 

Loss on prepaid hosting termination 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Cryptocurrencies - mining 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll 

Lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing Activities: 

Cash acquired in acquisition 

Purchase of equipment 

Proceeds from sale of equipment 

Proceeds from sale of cryptocurrencies 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from subscription receivable 

Proceeds from issuance of preferred shares, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock options 

Payments on equipment notes payable 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Payments on notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

Supplemental Disclosures: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Supplemental Disclosures of Noncash Financing Information: 

Shares issued for deferred financing costs 

Shares issued for cryptocurrency assets 

Equipment financed with notes payable 

Conversion of preferred shares into common shares 

Accrued dividends 

Cryptocurrency assets contributed by related party 

Equipment purchased with cryptocurrency assets 

Equipment sold in exchange for cryptocurrency assets 

Common shares cancelled pursuant to SEC legal case 

Subscription receivable 

Loans settled through release of restricted cryptocurrency assets 

Option exercise paid with cryptocurrency assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Edgemode, Inc. (Formerly Fourth Wave Energy,
Inc.) 

 Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of the Company's
common stock were returned to the Company and cancelled. The technology granted to GST was carried on our balance sheet at zero value
and the shares received were also recorded at no value. FWI was voluntarily dissolved on December 8, 2021. The ex-dividend date, record
date and distribution date for the registered distribution of the GST Shares to the Company's shareholders, subject to FINRA clearance,
is the following: 

Ex-Dividend Date: 12/06/2021 

 Record Date: 12/07/2021 

 Distribution Date: 12/14/2021 

Merger Agreement 

Effective January 31, 2022 (the Effective
Time ), the Company, FWAV Acquisition Corp., a Wyoming corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Acquisition
Subsidiary and EdgeMode, a Wyoming corporation EdgeMode closed on the previously disclosed Agreement and Plan
of Merger and Reorganization dated December 2, 2021 (the Merger Agreement ). In accordance with the Merger Agreement, Acquisition
Subsidiary merged with and into EdgeMode (the Merger or Transaction ), with EdgeMode remaining as the surviving
entity after the Merger and becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In the Merger, the shares of common stock, no par value
per share, of EdgeMode issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, represent 80 of the Company s outstanding
common stock on a fully diluted basis (or 313,950,672 shares of common stock). Furthermore, pursuant to the terms of the Merger the Company s
sole shareholder of the Company s preferred stock converted such shares into shares of common stock. 

Joseph Isaacs, the Company s sole
officer and director resigned as an executive officer and director. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Mr. Isaacs will provide
services to the Company in a consultancy capacity at a fee of 11,500 per month and has been issued a stock option grant to purchase
up to 
shares of the Company s common stock, vesting in 90 days, at an exercise price of 
per share. The consulting agreement may be terminated by the Company without cause after three months. In addition, Mr. Isaacs
received a 
cash bonus and the Company entered into a contract with a company owned by Joes Isaacs to perform services for total value of
 240,000. Charlie Faulkner and Simon Wajcenberg, the principals of EdgeMode, were appointed as directors and executive officers. 

Simultaneously with the Merger, approximately
 of principal and interest of outstanding notes previously issued by the Company automatically converted into an aggregate of
 shares of the Company s common stock issued to 31 former noteholders. In addition, the Company has repaid approximately
 of principal amount of notes. At the Effective Time the Company has nominal liabilities, excluding the debt and liabilities of
EdgeMode. Prior to the closing of the Transaction, the Company was a shell company. 

The merger was accounted for as a reverse merger,
whereby EdgeMode Wyoming was considered the accounting acquirer and became our wholly-owned subsidiary. In accordance with the accounting
treatment for a reverse merger , the Company s historical financial statements prior to the reverse merger has been
replaced with the historical financial statements of EdgeMode Wyoming prior to the reverse merger. The financial statements after completion
of the reverse merger include the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the combined company from and after the closing date
of the reverse merger, with only certain aspects of pre-consummation stockholders equity remaining in the consolidated financial
statements. 

On June 3, 2022 the Company changed its name from
Fourth Wave Energy Inc. to Edgemode, Inc. 

. 

The Company reviews the carrying value of property
and equipment for impairment whenever events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable from
the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected future
cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to an amount by which the carrying value exceeds
the fair value of the assets. The factors considered by management in performing this assessment include current operating results, trends
and prospects, the manner in which the property is used, and the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, and other economic factors. 

The Company has entered into digital asset mining
pools by executing contracts, as amended from time to time, with the mining pool operators to provide computing power to the mining pool.
The contracts are terminable at any time by either party and the Company s enforceable right to compensation only begins when the
Company provides computing power to the mining pool operator. In exchange for providing computing power, the Company is entitled to a
fractional share of the fixed cryptocurrency award the mining pool operator receives (less digital asset transaction fees to the mining
pool operator which are recorded as a component of cost of revenues), for successfully adding a block to the blockchain. The terms of
the agreement provides that neither party can dispute settlement terms after thirty-five days following settlement. The Company s
fractional share is based on the proportion of computing power the Company contributed to the mining pool operator to the total computing
power contributed by all mining pool participants in solving the current algorithm. 

Providing computing power in digital asset transaction
verification services is an output of the Company s ordinary activities. The provision of providing such computing power is the
only performance obligation in the Company s contracts with mining pool operators. The transaction consideration the Company receives,
if any, is noncash consideration, which the Company measures at fair value on the date received, which is not materially different than
the fair value at contract inception or the time the Company has earned the award from the pools. The consideration is all variable. Because
it is not probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue will not occur, the consideration is constrained until the mining
pool operator successfully places a block (by being the first to solve an algorithm) and the Company receives confirmation of the consideration
it will receive, at which time revenue is recognized. There is no significant financing component in these transactions. 

Fair value of the cryptocurrency award received
is determined using the quoted price of the related cryptocurrency at the time of receipt. There is currently no specific definitive guidance
under GAAP or alternative accounting framework for the accounting for cryptocurrencies recognized as revenue or held, and management has
exercised significant judgment in determining the appropriate accounting treatment. In the event authoritative guidance is enacted by
the FASB, the Company may be required to change its policies, which could have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial
position and results from operations. 

of deferred offering costs were capitalized. 

Prepaids 

Note receivable - EdgeMode 

Accounts payable 

Other accrued Expenses 

Accrued interest 

Notes payable 

Total identified net assets 

shares of the Company s common stock, vesting in 90 days, at an exercise price of 
per share. The consulting agreement may be terminated by the Company without cause after three months. In addition, Mr. Isaacs
received a 
cash bonus and the Company entered into a contract with a company owed by Joe Isaacs to perform services for total value of
 240,000, which was paid in advance. As of December 31, 2022, 
 of services are left to be performed. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
granted options to the officers and a consultant of the Company to purchase up to shares of the Company s stock, vesting
immediately, at an exercise price of per share. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
granted options to the officers of the Company to purchase up to shares of the Company s stock, which vest upon the
Company listing its shares on the NASDAQ Global Market, New York Stock Exchange, or another equivalent market, at an exercise price of
 per share. 

As of December 31, 2022 the Company owed the executive
officers of the Company in accrued payroll for services performed. 

.
Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the company was notified of the Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing of the hosting company and in January
2023 the Company received 
in return of the initial deposit and the remainder of the deposit is subject to bankruptcy claims. As a result, the Company has
expensed ,
the remaining amount of the claim, due to the uncertainty of collectability through the bankruptcy claim. 

Cryptomining equipment - not in service 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net book value 

Total depreciation expense for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 
and 
respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
terminated all future purchase orders related to Ethereum mining equipment and related hosting services, as the Company will focus on
Bitcoin mining, and returned equipment not yet placed in service and investing in new Bitcoin mining equipment . The remaining equipment
not placed in service as of December 31, 2022 has been delayed and it is unknown when or if it will be delivered to the Company. As a
result of the delays and uncertainties, the Company has recorded an impairment expense of related to undelivered equipment. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company
recorded an impairment to cryptomining equipment in the amount of as a result of the Company terminating the financing agreements
with the equipment manufactures. Of the total impairment, relates to assets the company disposed of due to the switch away from
Etherium mining, and the other was related to mining equipment purchased with the Equipment Notes Payable discussed below in
Note 9. The remaining of impairment was related to the equipment acquired in 2020. A portion of this equipment was sold for 
during the year months ended December 31, 2022. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued Preferred shares for total cash considerations of . In connection with the fundraising the Company paid 
in advisory fees to a related party for net cash proceeds of . 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued Series Seed Preferred shares for total fair value of for services. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, total dividends
applicable to Preferred shares were . The Company did not declare or pay any dividends during the year ended December 31, 2021.
Although no dividends have been declared, the cumulative total of preferred shares dividends due to these stockholders upon declaration
was as of December 31, 2021. 

In connection with the Merger Transaction, the
only outstanding preferred stock and accrued dividends were converted into common stock. 

Series A 

On March 26, 2020, the Company designated
1,000 shares of its original 5,000,000 authorized shares of Preferred Stock as Series A Preferred Stock Series A with a 0.001 par value. Each Series A Preferred share entitles the holder to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the
Company s shareholders or with respect to actions that may be taken by written consent. The 1,000 shares of Series A shares
have the voting power of 250 of the outstanding common shares at the time of any vote. The holders of the Series A shares are
entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available, annual dividends payable in
cash on the 31st day of December in each year, commencing on December 31, 2020 at the rate of 0.10 per share per year. As part of
the recapitalization, the 1,000 shares were converted into 1,000 common shares. 

On March 30, 2022 the Company reduced its authorized
preferred shares from to shares and removed the 1,000 shares of Series A from the designation. 

Series B 

On July 19, 2022, the Company designated 
shares of its original 5,000,000 authorized shares of Preferred Stock as Series B Preferred Stock Series B with a 
par value and a stated value of 1.00 per share. The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ranks senior to the common stock with respect
to dividends and right of liquidation and has no voting rights. The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock has a 8 cumulative annual
dividend. In the event of default, the dividend rate increases to 22 . The Company may not, with consent of a majority of the holders
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, alter or changes the rights of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, amend the articles of
incorporation, create any other class of stock ranking senior to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, increase the authorized shares
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, or liquidate or dissolve the Company. Beginning 180 days from issuance, the Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock may be converted into common stock at a price based on 65 of the average of the two lowest trading prices during the
15 days prior to conversion. The Company may redeem the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock during the first 180 days from issuance,
subject to early redemption penalties of up to 25 . The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock must be redeemed by the Company 12 months
following issuance if not previously redeemed or converted. Based on the terms of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company
determined that the preferred stock is mandatorily redeemable and will be accounted for as a liability under ASC 480. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
entered into purchase agreements for the sale of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock with 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC,
with of proceeds being kept by the lender for legal fees, resulting in cash proceeds of . As of December 31, 2022, the
Company owes in accrued dividends, reflected as interest expense, and the carrying value of the Series B Preferred stock was ,
net of unamortized discount of . 

Common shares 

The Company has authorized shares
of common stock, par value of , and as of December 31, 2022 has issued shares of common stock. All of the common shares
have the same voting rights and liquidation preferences. 

On March 30, 2022 the Company increased its authorized
common shares from to . 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued common shares for cash and cryptocurrency proceeds of . In connection with the stock purchases, the company issued
warrants to purchase shares of common stock with an exercise price of 0.50, which expire five years from the date of grant.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the company issued common shares for cash and cryptocurrency proceeds of .
In connection with the fundraising the company paid in advisory fees, of which 168,500 were paid to a related party, for net
cash and cryptocurrency proceeds of 2,656,226. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
amortized of stock compensation expense related to shares issued for services pursuant to a consulting agreement entered into
during 2021. As of December 31, 2022, of unrecognized expense remains to be amortized. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued common shares as compensation to a third party for advisory services with a fair value of which was expensed
in the current period. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had of its common stock cancelled and returned to treasury as a result of the settlement of a legal case. 

On September 19, 2022, the Company entered into
a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Alumni Capital LP, a Delaware limited partnership Alumni
Capital ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell, and Alumni Capital agreed to purchase, upon request of the Company in one
or more transactions, a number of shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock providing aggregate gross proceeds to the Company of up to (the Maximum ). The Purchase Agreement expires upon
the earlier of the aggregate gross proceeds from the sale of shares meeting the Maximum or December 31, 2023. 

Among other limitations, unless otherwise agreed
upon by Alumni Capital, each sale of shares will be limited to shares and further limited to no more than the number of shares
that would result in the beneficial ownership by Alumni Capital and its affiliates, at any single point in time, of more than 9.99 of
the then-outstanding shares of Common Stock. Alumni Capital will purchase the shares of Common Stock under the Agreement at a discount
20 of the lowest traded price of the Common Stock in the five business days preceding the Company delivering notice of the required purchase
of shares to Alumni Capital. 

In exchange for Alumni Capital entering into the
Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of Common Stock to Alumni Capital upon execution of the Purchase Agreement (the
 Initial Commitment Shares ). Alumni Capital represented to the Company, among other things, that it was an accredited
investor (as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act )). The Company shares of Common Stock, including the Commitment Shares, are being offered and sold under the Purchase Agreement
in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act
and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The securities sold may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 

The Purchase Agreement provides that the Company
will file a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the resale of the shares issued to Alumni Capital. Alumni Capital s
obligation to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Purchase Agreement is conditioned upon, among other things, the registration statement
having been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

As of December 31, 2022, no shares have been sold
or issued to Alumni Capital pursuant to the Purchase Agreement other than the Commitment Shares. The Commitment shares were
valued per share for total value of which has been recorded as deferred offering costs which will be offset against the
future proceeds. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued common shares upon the exercise of options for cash and cryptocurrency proceeds of . In addition, the Company
issued shares for the exercise of options on a cashless basis. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, a director
of the Company contributed cryptocurrencies to the company with a value of , which was accounted for as a capital contribution. 

Stock Options 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued a stock option grant to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock, vesting immediately and in 90 days,
at an exercise price of 0.40 per share. The expected term was estimated using the simplified method for employee stock options
since the Company does not have adequate historical exercise data to estimate the expected term. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
issued a stock option grant to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock, which vest upon the Company listing
its shares on the NASDAQ Global Market, New York Stock Exchange, or another equivalent market, at an exercise price of 0.10 per share.
The expected term was estimated using the simplified method for employee stock options since the Company does not have adequate
historical exercise data to estimate the expected term. 

The Company used the black-scholes option pricing
model to value the options and expensed and during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has 17,715,672 of value remaining to be expensed based upon completions of milestones, of which 16,865,676
is contingently subject to expense recognition based on the timing of when the Company is able to up-list the shares (which is reliant
on various regulatory approvals outside of the Company s control) as describe above, and 0 of remaining amortization to expensed
pursuant to the vesting terms. 

The following table summarizes the stock option
activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 
stock options that were exercisable and 137,473 that are in dispute. The weighted average remaining life of all outstanding stock options
was years as of December 31, 2022. Aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the underlying
stock option and the fair value of the Company s common stock for stock options that were in-the-money at period end. As of December
31, 2022, the intrinsic value for the options vested and outstanding was and , respectively. 

Stock Warrants 

Pursuant to the reverse merger
transaction, the issued and outstanding warrants of the Company prior to the merger transaction remain outstanding and are
shown as granted as part of the recapitalization as described in Note 4. Of the total recapitalized, 1,142,857 are presented as reclassified in
the year ended 2022 as they were not previously shown as outstanding in the pre-merger Edgemode, Inc. December 31, 2021 10-K. These warrants
were subsequently forfeited as discussed below and as such have no material impact on the financial statements. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company had 
warrants to purchase shares of common stock forfeited as a result of the settlement of a SEC legal case. 

The following table summarizes the stock warrant
activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 
 0.63 
 
 Recapitalization 

Exercised 
 
 0.04 
 
 Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

. These loans were advanced as due on demand and no communication has been received
from the original lenders. 

Simultaneously with the Merger, approximately
 of principal and interest of outstanding notes previously issued by the Company automatically converted into an aggregate of
 shares of the Company s common stock issued to 31 former noteholders. The conversion and issuance of shares of the Company s
common stock is presented as part of the recapitalization on the equity statement. 

Equipment Notes Payable 

In 2021, the Company entered into multiple financing
agreements whereby the company agreed to purchase assets related to its crypto mining operations. The financing agreements required a
down payments in the aggregate of 
 and . The Company used a 15 discount rate to determine the net present value of the loan value in the aggregate
of .
During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the company made payments of and , respectively, of which 
and was recorded as interest expense. 

On July 11, 2022, the Company terminated its agreements
with the vendor for the financed equipment described above. As of December, 31, 2022, and through the date of this filing, no agreement
or communication from the vendor has been received confirming the terms of the termination, and therefore the Company has maintained these
balances in equipment notes payable on the Company's balance sheet. In addition the Company has recorded the remaining interest
amounts owed under the agreements as of December 31, 2022 as the Company is in technical default due to lack of payments. 

The balance of the loans as of December 31, 2022 is . 

The following table presents the future maturities
and principal payments of all notes payable listed above for the next five years and thereafter are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Remaining 

Total 

Revenue recognized from cryptocurrency mined 

Additions of cryptocurrency - sale of common stock 

Additions of cryptocurrency exercise of common stock options 

Additions of cryptocurrency contribution from director 

Additions of cryptocurrency - sale of fixed assets 

Proceeds from sale of cryptocurrencies 

Fixed assets acquired with cryptocurrency 

Settlement of loans with cryptocurrency 

Realized loss on sale/exchange of cryptocurrencies 

Cryptocurrency at December 31, 2021 

Revenue recognized from cryptocurrency mined 

Additions of cryptocurrency - sale of common stock 

Proceeds from sale of cryptocurrencies 

Cryptocurrency used for officer compensation 

Realized loss on sale/exchange of cryptocurrencies 

Cryptocurrency at December 31, 2022 

of significant items comprising the Company s net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 

A reconciliation of income tax provision to the
provision that would be recognized under the statutory rates is as follows: 

Non-deductible 

Valuation allowance 

Provisions for income taxes 

The amount taken into income as deferred tax assets
must reflect that portion of the income tax loss carry forwards that is more likely-than-not to be realized from future operations. The
Company has chosen to provide an allowance of 100 against all available income tax loss carry forwards, regardless of their time of expiry. 

No provision for income taxes has been provided
in these financial statements due to the net loss. At December 31, 2022, the Company has net operating loss carry forwards
totaling approximately , which will be carried forward to future periods. 

, which are still shown as issued and outstanding in Note 8 above. 

F- 17 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures .
We are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, our
Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
to ensure that the information relating to our company, required to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure as a result of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of the inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Management s
assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness
of these controls. Based on this assessment our management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as a result of material
weaknesses. These material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting result from limited segregation of duties and limited
multiple levels of review in the financial close process, along with a lack of well-established policies and procedures to identify, approve,
and report related party transactions. 

30 

The existence of the continuing material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting increases the risk that a future restatement of our financials is possible. In order
to remediate these material weaknesses, we will need to expand our accounting resources. We will continue to monitor and evaluate the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing basis, however,
we do not expect that the deficiencies in our disclosure controls will be remediated until such time as we have remediated the material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. In order to do so, we will need to hire employees and put the requisite controls
in place. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our last fiscal quarter that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

31 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
filed with the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our
Board has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees, which furnished as Exhibit 14.1 to this report.
We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our
Code of Ethics and by posting such information on our website at the address and location specified above. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 

The information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Effective April 30, 2019, the Company agreed to
increase compensation to Joe Isaacs, the Company s former President and sole director, to 11,500 per month (from 6,000) for management
services under a verbal agreement. In 2020, Mr. Isaacs converted 20,000 of accrued management fees for 2,000,000 shares of common stock.
In 2021 and 2020, the Company paid the former President 138,000 of management fees (not including the 20,000 which was converted into
shares of the Company s common stock). 

Additionally, in 2020, the Company paid 2,625
for consulting services to a relative of Mr. Isaacs. 

On April 1, 2021, the Company entered into a services
agreement with Axiom Group, a company owned by Mr. Isaacs. The services agreement includes investor relation services for a term of eighteen
months for compensation of 90,000. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company prepaid the 90,000. 

Effective January 31, 2022, pursuant to the Transaction,
the Company entered into a Consulting Agreement with Mr. Isaacs whereby he will provide services to the Company in a consultancy capacity
at a fee of 11,500 per month. Additionally, he was issued 19,987,095 stock options, vesting in 90 days, at an exercise price of 0.40
per share. The consulting agreement may be terminated by the Company without cause after three months. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the year ended December 31, 2022. 

32 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(1) 
 
 Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated
 Financial Statements, which appears on page F-1 hereof. The financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial
 Statements are filed herewith in response to this Item. 

(2) 
 
 Financial Statements Schedules. All schedules
 are omitted because they are not applicable or because the required information is contained in the Consolidated Financial Statements
 or notes included herein. 

(3) 
 Exhibits. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed or Furnished 
 
 Exhibit # 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 
 
 Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (1) 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/8/2021 
 
 2.1 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, As Amended and Restated 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/12/2022 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 3.2 

3.2(a) 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/15/2022 
 
 3.1 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock filed July 20, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/27/2022 
 
 3.1 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10-K 
 
 4/12/2022 
 
 4.1 

10.1 
 
 Form of Executive Employment Agreement (2) 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.2 
 
 Consulting Agreement - Isaacs 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 10.2 

10.3 
 
 Form of Option Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 10.3 

10.4 
 
 Form of Note Conversion 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 10.4 

10.5 
 
 Compute North Master Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 10.5 

10.6 
 
 Trinity Mining Technologies 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 10.6 

10.7 
 
 2CRSI Agreements 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 10.7 

10.8 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2022, by and between Edgemode, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 7/27/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.9 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, effective as of August 26, 2022, by and between Edgemode, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/29/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.10 
 
 Charlie Faulkner Stock Option Grant dated September 12, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/12/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.11 
 
 Simon Wajcenberg Stock Option Grant dated September 12, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/12/2022 
 
 10.2 

10.12 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between EdgeMode, Inc. and Alumni Capital LP dated September 19, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/23/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.13 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, effective as of September 28, 2022, by and between Edgemode, Inc. and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/28/2022 
 
 10.1 

10.14 
 
 Amendment to Charlie Faulkner Stock Option Grant dated January 25, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/26/2023 
 
 10.1 

10.15 
 
 Amendment to Charlie Faulkner Stock Option Grant dated January 25, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/26/2023 
 
 10.2 

10.16 
 
 Stock Option Grant to Charlie Faulkner dated March 3, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/7/2023 
 
 10.1 

10.17 
 
 Stock Option Grant to Simon Wajcenberg dated March 3, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/7/2023 
 
 10.2 

10.18 
 
 Amendment to Charlie Faulkner Stock Option Grant dated January 25, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/7/2023 
 
 10.3 

10.19 
 
 Amendment to Charlie Faulkner Stock Option Grant dated January 25, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/7/2023 
 
 10.4 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 

Filed 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from MaloneBailey, LLP to the SEC dated January 7, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/7/2022 
 
 16.1 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Filed 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (Section 302) 

Filed 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (Section 302) 

Filed 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (Section 906) (3) 

Furnished 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (Section 906) (3) 

Furnished 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

______________________ 

(1) 
 
 Exhibits and/or Schedules have been omitted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish to the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request any omitted information. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Management contract or compensatory agreement plan or arrangement. 
 
 (3) 
 
 This exhibit is being furnished rather than filed and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Copies of this report (including the financial
statements) and any of the exhibits referred to above will be furnished at no cost to our stockholders who make a written request to EdgeMode,
Inc., 110 E. Broward Blvd., Suite 1700, Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33301, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on April 17, 2023. 

EDGEMODE, INC. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Charlie Faulkner 

Charlie Faulkner 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of BTCS Inc. and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Charlie Faulkner 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Charlie Faulkner 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

/s/ Simon Wajcenberg 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 Simon Wajcenberg 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)(Principal Accounting Officer) and Director 

34 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 edgemode_ex1401.htm
 CODE OF ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT

Exhibit 14.1 

EdgeMode, Inc. Code of Ethics and Business
Conduct 

1. 
 Introduction . 

1.1 
 The Board of Directors of EdgeMode, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, the Company has adopted this Code
of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code in order to: 

(a) 
 promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest; 

(b) 
 promote full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits
to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; 

(c) 
 promote compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; 

(d) 
 promote the protection of Company assets, including corporate opportunities and confidential information; 

(e) 
 promote fair dealing practices; 

(f) 
 deter wrongdoing; and 

(g) 
 ensure accountability for adherence to the Code. 

1.2 
 All directors, officers and employees are required to be familiar with the Code, comply with its provisions and report any suspected
violations as described below in Section 10, Reporting and Enforcement. 

2. 
 Honest and Ethical Conduct . 

2.1 
 The Company's policy is to promote high standards of integrity by conducting its affairs honestly and ethically. 

2.2 
 Each director, officer and employee must act with integrity and observe the highest ethical standards of business conduct in his
or her dealings with the Company's customers, suppliers, partners, service providers, competitors, employees and anyone else with whom
he or she has contact in the course of performing his or her job. 

3. 
 Conflicts of Interest . 

3.1 
 A conflict of interest occurs when an individual's private interest (or the interest of a member of his or her family) interferes,
or even appears to interfere, with the interests of the Company as a whole. A conflict of interest can arise when an employee, officer
or director (or a member of his or her family) takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work for
the Company objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest also arise when an employee, officer or director (or a member of his or
her family) receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position in the Company. 

3.2 
 Loans by the Company to, or guarantees by the Company of obligations of, employees or their family members are of special concern
and could constitute improper personal benefits to the recipients of such loans or guarantees, depending on the facts and circumstances.
Loans by the Company to, or guarantees by the Company of obligations of, any director or executive officer or their family members are
expressly prohibited. 

1 

3.3 
 Whether or not a conflict of interest exists or will exist can be unclear. Conflicts of interest should be avoided unless specifically
authorized as described in Section 3.4. 

3.4 
 Persons other than directors and executive officers who have questions about a potential conflict of interest or who become aware
of an actual or potential conflict should discuss the matter with, and seek a determination and prior authorization or approval from,
their supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer. A supervisor may not authorize or approve conflict of interest matters or make determinations
as to whether a problematic conflict of interest exists without first providing the Chief Compliance Officer with a written description
of the activity and seeking the Chief Compliance Officer's written approval. If the supervisor is themself involved in the potential or
actual conflict, the matter should instead be discussed directly with the Chief Compliance Officer. 

Directors and executive officers must
seek determinations and prior authorizations or approvals of potential conflicts of interest exclusively from the Board of Directors. 

4. 
 Compliance . 

4.1 
 Employees, officers and directors should comply, both in letter and spirit, with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in
the cities, states and countries in which the Company operates. 

4.2 
 Although not all employees, officers and directors are expected to know the details of all applicable laws, rules and regulations,
it is important to know enough to determine when to seek advice from appropriate personnel. Questions about compliance should be addressed
to the Legal Department. 

4.3 
 No director, officer or employee may purchase or sell any Company securities while in possession of material nonpublic information
regarding the Company, nor may any director, officer or employee purchase or sell another company's securities while in possession of
material nonpublic information regarding that company. It is against Company policies and illegal for any director, officer or employee
to use material nonpublic information regarding the Company or any other company to: 

(a) 
 obtain profit for himself or herself; or 

(b) 
 directly or indirectly tip others who might make an investment decision on the basis of that information. 

5. 
 Disclosure . 

5.1 
 The Company's periodic reports and other documents filed with the SEC, including all financial statements and other financial information,
must comply with applicable federal securities laws and SEC rules. 

5.2 
 Each director, officer and employee who contributes in any way to the preparation or verification of the Company's financial statements
and other financial information must ensure that the Company's books, records and accounts are accurately maintained. Each director, officer
and employee must cooperate fully with the Company's accounting and internal audit departments, as well as the Company's independent public
accountants and counsel. 

5.3 
 Each director, officer and employee who is involved in the Company's disclosure process must: 

(a) 
 be familiar with and comply with the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and its internal control over financial reporting;
and 

2 

(b) 
 take all necessary steps to ensure that all filings with the SEC and all other public communications about the financial and business
condition of the Company provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure. 

6. 
 Protection and Proper Use of Company Assets . 

6.1 
 All directors, officers and employees should protect the Company's assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness and
waste have a direct impact on the Company's profitability and are prohibited. 

6.2 
 All Company assets should be used only for legitimate business purposes, though incidental personal use is permitted. Any suspected
incident of fraud or theft should be reported for investigation immediately. 

6.3 
 The obligation to protect Company assets includes the Company's proprietary information. Proprietary information includes intellectual
property such as trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and copyrights, as well as business and marketing plans, engineering and manufacturing
ideas, designs, databases, records and any nonpublic financial data or reports. Unauthorized use or distribution of this information is
prohibited and could also be illegal and result in civil or criminal penalties. 

7. 
 Corporate
Opportunities . All directors, officers and employees owe a duty to the Company to advance its interests when the opportunity
arises. Directors, officers and employees are prohibited from taking for themselves personally (or for the benefit of friends or family
members) opportunities that are discovered through the use of Company assets, property, information or position. Directors, officers and
employees may not use Company assets, property, information or position for personal gain (including gain of friends or family members).
In addition, no director, officer or employee may compete with the Company. 

8. 
 Confidentiality .
Directors, officers and employees should maintain the confidentiality of information entrusted to them by the Company or by its customers,
suppliers or partners, except when disclosure is expressly authorized or is required or permitted by law. Confidential information includes
all nonpublic information (regardless of its source) that might be of use to the Company's competitors or harmful to the Company or its
customers, suppliers or partners if disclosed. 

9. 
 Fair
Dealing . Each director, officer and employee must deal fairly with the Company's customers, suppliers, partners, service providers,
competitors, employees and anyone else with whom he or she has contact in the course of performing his or her job. No director, officer
or employee may take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation
of facts or any other unfair dealing practice. 

10. 
 Reporting and Enforcement . 

10.1 
 Reporting and Investigation of Violations. 

(a) 
 Actions prohibited by this Code involving directors or executive officers must be reported to the Board of Directors. 

(b) 
 Actions prohibited by this Code involving anyone other than a director or executive officer must be reported to the reporting person's
supervisor or the Chief Compliance Officer. 

(c) 
 After receiving a report of an alleged prohibited action, the Board of Directors, the relevant supervisor, or the Chief Compliance
Officer must promptly take all appropriate actions necessary to investigate. 

(d) 
 All directors, officers and employees are expected to cooperate in any internal investigation of misconduct. 

3 

10.2 
 Enforcement. 

(a) 
 The Company must ensure prompt and consistent action against violations of this Code. 

(b) 
 If, after investigating a report of an alleged prohibited action by a director or executive officer, the Board of Directors determines
that a violation of this Code has occurred, the Board of Directors will report such determination to the Board of Directors. 

(c) 
 If, after investigating a report of an alleged prohibited action by any other person, the relevant supervisor or the Chief Compliance
Officer determines that a violation of this Code has occurred, the relevant supervisor or Chief Compliance Officer will report such determination
to the General Counsel. 

(d) 
 Upon receipt of a determination that there has been a violation of this Code, the Board of Directors or the General Counsel will
take such preventative or disciplinary action as it deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, reassignment, demotion, dismissal
and, in the event of criminal conduct or other serious violations of the law, notification of appropriate governmental authorities. 

10.3 
 Waivers. 

(a) 
 Each of the (in the case of a violation by a director or executive officer) and the General Counsel (in the case of a violation
by any other person) may, in its discretion, waive any violation of this Code. 

(b) 
 Any waiver for a director or an executive officer shall be disclosed as required by SEC and Nasdaq rules. 

10.4 
 Prohibition on Retaliation. 

The Company does not tolerate acts of
retaliation against any director, officer or employee who makes a good faith report of known or suspected acts of misconduct or other
violations of this Code. 

4 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 edgemode_ex2101.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 

EdgeMode 
 
 Wyoming 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 edgemode_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Charlie Faulkner, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Edgemode, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Charlie Faulkner 
 Charlie Faulkner, 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 edgemode_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Simon Wajcenberg, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Edgemode, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 17, 2023 

/s/ Simon Wajcenberg 
 Simon Wajcenberg 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 edgemode_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Edgemode,
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof, I, Charlie Faulkner, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The annual report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

2. 
 The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Charlie Faulkner 

Charlie Faulkner 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 edgemode_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Edgemode, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I,
Simon Wajcenberg, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The annual report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

2. 
 The information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Simon Wajcenberg 

Simon Wajcenberg 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 edgm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 edgm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 edgm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 edgm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

