<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1128353_0001477932-23-002620.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4879395</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>155302</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1629676</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1050027</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>771637</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1162662</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-002620.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417120943
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-002620
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENERTECK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001128353
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		IRS NUMBER:				910757753
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31981
		FILM NUMBER:		23823306

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10701 CORPORATE DRIVE, SUITE 150
		CITY:			STAFFORD
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77477
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 240-1787

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10701 CORPORATE DRIVE, SUITE 150
		CITY:			STAFFORD
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77477

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENERTECK CHEMICAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031126

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLD BOND RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-002620.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 etck_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

etck_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission file number (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant (18,851,078) as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately . The number of shares outstanding of the Common Stock .001 par value) of the registrant as of the close of business on April 17, 2023 was . Documents Incorporated by Reference: None ENERTECK CORPORATION TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 11 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 15 Item 2. Properties 15 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 15 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 15 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 16 Item 6. [Reserved] 17 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 17 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 22 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 22 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 22 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 23 Item 9B. Other Information 24 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 24 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 25 Item 11. Executive Compensation 27 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 29 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 30 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 32 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 33 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 33 Signatures 34 2 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements When used in this document, the words may, will, expect, anticipate, continue, estimate, intend, plans , and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements regarding events, conditions and financial trends which may affect our future plans of operations, business strategy, operating results and financial position. Forward looking statements in this prospectus include without limitation statements relating to trends affecting our financial condition or results of operations, our business and growth strategies and our financing plans. Such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those included within the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such factors include, among other things, general economic conditions; cyclical factors affecting our industry; lack of growth in our industry; our ability to comply with government regulations; a failure to manage our business effectively; our ability to sell products at profitable yet competitive prices; and other risks and factors set forth from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revision of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. PART I Item 1. Business. Introduction EnerTeck Corporation (the Company or EnerTeck Parent ), formerly named Gold Bond Mining Company and then Gold Bond Resources, Inc., was incorporated under the laws of the State of Washington on July 30, 1935. On January 9, 2003, we acquired EnerTeck Chemical Corp. EnerTeck Sub as our wholly owned operating subsidiary. As a result of the acquisition, we are now acting as a holding company, with EnerTeck Sub as our primary operating business. Subsequent to this transaction, on November 24, 2003, we changed our domicile from the State of Washington to the State of Delaware and changed our name from Gold Bond Resources, Inc. to EnerTeck Corporation. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we, us or our refer to EnerTeck Corporation and its consolidated subsidiary. EnerTeck Sub, our wholly owned operating subsidiary, was incorporated in the State of Texas on November 29, 2000. It was formed for the purpose of commercializing a diesel fuel specific combustion catalyst known as EnerBurn , as well as other combustion enhancement and emission reduction technologies. Nalco/Exxon Energy Chemicals, L.P. Nalco/Exxon L.P. ), a joint venture between Nalco Chemical Corporation and Exxon Corporation commercially introduced EnerBurn in 1998. When Nalco/Exxon L.P. went through an ownership change in 2000, our founder, Dwaine Reese, formed EnerTeck Sub. It acquired the EnerBurn trademark and related assets and took over the Nalco/Exxon L.P. relationship with the EnerBurn formulator and blender, and its then supplier, Ruby Cat Technology, LLC Ruby Cat ). Since the first quarter of 2011, we have owned a 40 membership interest in an entity called EnerTeck Environmental, LLC, which was formed for the purpose of marketing and selling a diesel fuel emission reduction technology with the creators of such specific technology. Such company is presently inactive with no business operations (see Business of the Company and Current Operations below). Our principal place of business is located at 10701 Corporate Drive, Suite 150, Stafford, Texas 77477. Our telephone number is (281) 240-1787. Our corporate website address is http://www.enerteckchemical.com. Our common stock is listed on the Pink Open Market, officially part of the OTC Market Group s OTC Link quotation system, under the symbol ETCK . 3 Table of Contents Business of the Company and Current Operations We, through our wholly owned subsidiary, specialize in the sales and marketing, and since August 2006, in the manufacturing of a fuel borne catalytic engine treatment for diesel engines known as EnerBurn . We utilize a sales process that includes detailed proprietary customer fleet monitoring protocols in on-road applications that quantify data and assists in managing certain internal combustion diesel engine operating results while utilizing EnerBurn. Test data prepared by Southwest Research Institute and actual customer usage has indicated that the use of EnerBurn in diesel engines improves fuel economy, lowers smoke, and decreases engine wear and the dangerous emissions of both Nitrogen Oxide (NOx) and microscopic airborne solid matter (particulates). Our principal target markets have included the trucking, heavy construction, maritime shipping, railroad and mining industries, as well as federal, state and international government applications. Each of these industries share certain common financial characteristics, i.e. (i) diesel fuel represents a disproportionate share of operating costs; and (ii) relatively small operating margins are prevalent. Considering these factors, management believes that the use of EnerBurn and the corresponding derived savings in diesel fuel costs can positively affect the operating margins of its customers while contributing to a cleaner environment. We own the EnerBurn trademark and, since July 2006, the EnerBurn formulas and technology. Prior to July 13, 2006, we obtained EnerBurn products and services from Ruby Cat and its affiliates pursuant to arrangement made with Ruby Cat. Pursuant to a memorandum of understanding with Ruby Cat which expired on December 31, 2003, the Company was granted the exclusive, global marketing rights from Ruby Cat and an option to purchase the EnerBurn technology and associated assets by December 31, 2003 for 6.6 million which was not exercised. Following expiration of the memorandum of understanding, Ruby Cat and its affiliates continued to supply EnerBurn products to the Company but not pursuant to a formal written contract. On July 13, 2006, we completed the acquisition of the EnerBurn formulas, technology and associated assets pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement executed as of the same date between the Company and the owner of Ruby Cat (see Our Purchase of the EnerBurn Technology below). The majority of our marketing effort since 2005 has been directed at targeting and gaining a foothold in one of several major target areas, including the inland marine diesel market, trucking, heavy construction and mining. Management has focused virtually all resources at pinpointing and convincing certain large potential customers within these markets, with our diesel fuel additive product lines. While we still believe that this is a valid theory, the results, to date, have been less than we had expected. A substantial portion of the last few years was spent re-directing our marketing emphasis for our primary product, EnerBurn. Our current sales process now requires a signed commitment letter from the prospective customer for a minimum of a 3-year supply agreement, prior to the commencement of an evaluation of any of our products. Should the evaluation meet or exceed the established benchmarks as outlined in the evaluation protocol document, the supply agreement would become binding. We have adopted this strategy as we had numerous successful evaluations in the past that did not result in the customer moving forward and adopting the technology, with most of those evaluations being at the Company s expense. Additionally, we have contracted with outside sales representatives, both in the United States and in other parts of the world to act as distributors of our products. We currently have distribution agreements with Diesel-E Pty Ltd in Australia and with Green Group in South America. Diesel-E Pty Ltd completed its first EnerBurn evaluation with Robson Civil Projects Pty Limited of Australia and is currently working on multiple other opportunities leveraging on that successful trial. Green Group is currently running two evaluations in Peru, one for a mining railroad and another for a large mining conglomerate. We also have a representative working on mining evaluations in Mexico and expect that once the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, we will commence an evaluation at a large mine in Mexico. In the U.S. we have a representative working on a number of currently ongoing EnerBurn evaluations in the Midwest. As indicated above, since the first quarter of 2011, we have owned a 40 membership interest in an entity called EnerTeck Environmental, LLC EnerTeck Environmental ), which was formed for the purpose of marketing and selling a diesel fuel emission reduction technology with the creators of such specific technology. EnerTeck Environmental was formed as a joint venture with Indian Nation Technologies, LLC Indian Nation located in Comanche, Oklahoma for the testing and manufacture of an innovative new type of environmental equipment for the remediation of diesel engine emissions for diesel engines in the marine industry. This company is presently inactive with no business operations. 4 Table of Contents The Industry General Discussion of Diesel Fuel and Diesel Fuel Additives As crude oil is heated, various components evaporate at increasingly higher temperatures. First to evaporate is butane, the lighter-than-air gas used in cigarette lighters, for instance. The last components of crude oil to evaporate, and the heaviest, include the road tars used to make asphalt paving. In between are gasoline, jet fuel, heating oil, lubricating oil, bunker fuel (used in ships), and of course diesel fuel. The fuel used in diesel engine applications such as trucks and locomotives is a mixture of different types of molecules of hydrogen and carbon and include aromatics and paraffin. Diesel fuel cannot burn in liquid form. It must vaporize into its gaseous state. This is accomplished by injecting the fuel through spray nozzles at high pressure. The smaller the nozzles utilized and the higher the pressure, the finer the fuel spray and vaporization. When more fuel vaporizes, combustion is more complete, so less soot will form inside the cylinders and on the injector nozzles. Soot is the residue of carbon, partially burned and unburned fuel. Sulfur is also found naturally in crude oil. Sulfur is a slippery substance, and it helps lubricate fuel pumps and injectors. It also forms sulfuric acid when it burns and is a catalyst for the formation of particulate matter (one of the exhaust emissions being regulated). In an effort to reduce emissions, the sulfur content of diesel fuel is being reduced through the refinery process; however, the result is a loss of lubricity. Diesel fuel has other properties that affect its performance and impact on the environment as well. The main problems associated with diesel fuel include: Difficulty getting it to start burning Difficulty getting it to burn completely Tendency to wax and gel With introduction of low sulfur fuel, reduced lubrication Soot clogging injector nozzles Particulate emissions Water in the fuel Bacterial growth Diesel fuel additives have been developed to address the variety of problems associated with diesel fuel performance. Diesel Fuel and the Environment Diesel fuel is the most cost-effective fuel/engine technology available for heavy-duty industrial and vehicle service. However, environmentally it needs dramatic improvement. Governments worldwide are legislating specifications regarding the fuel itself and diesel engine design. Today s advanced diesel engines are far cleaner than the smoke-belching diesels of recent decades. Unfortunately, even smokeless diesel engines are not clean enough to meet current stricter air pollution regulations. While diesel engines are the only existing cost-effective technology making significant inroads in reducing global warming emissions from motor vehicles, it is not sufficient to satisfy regulators and legislators. Diesel engines will soon be required to adhere to stringent regulatory/legislative guidelines that meet near zero tailpipe emissions, especially on smog-forming nitrogen oxides (NOx), particulate matter (PM) and toxins the organic compounds of diesel exhaust. 5 Table of Contents Diesel engines can become ultra-clean. Meeting the environmental challenges will require extensive research on clean-diesel technology. Research in this area is currently being sponsored by government agencies, major engine companies, truck manufacturers, automobile makers, catalyst producers and, for fuels, oil refining companies and their technology suppliers. The search for ultra-clean diesel is far from over. Discoveries and breakthroughs will continue to prevail. Large Fortune 500 companies, as well as small, emerging technology companies are investing hundreds of millions of dollars in research and development worldwide on these and other clean-diesel technologies. Today, there is no economic alternative to diesel engines for most industrial applications. This is true for ocean vessels, tug boats, commercial/recreational vessels, locomotive, trucking, bus transport, construction, mining, agriculture, logging, distributed power generation, and, in many parts of the world, personal transportation. In short, diesel fuel does the world s heavy work. Products and Services The Diesel Fuel Additive Product Line EnerBurn Combustion Catalyst for Diesel Fuel EnerBurn is a liquid, chemical formulation, presently sold in bulk quantities to fleet and vessel operators, under three product codes differentiated by market application and product concentration, as indicated below: Product Application EnerBurn EC5805A U.S. On-Road Market EnerBurn EC5931A U.S. Off-Road Market EnerBurn EC5805C International Market Although added to diesel fuel and generally referred to as a diesel fuel additive within the industry, EnerBurn functions as an engine treatment application by removing carbon deposits from the combustion surfaces of the engine and greatly reducing further carbon deposit buildup. It also provides for an increased rate of combustion. By adding EnerBurn to diesel fuel in accordance with proprietary methodology, it forms a non-hazardous catalytic surface in the diesel engine combustion chamber and on the surface of the piston heads. This surface is visible in the form of a monomolecular film that develops after initiation of treatment and remains active for a period of time after cessation of treatment. The buildup of carbon within the combustion chamber of a diesel engine can generate greater exhaust opacity and increased engine wear. These carbon deposits can cause piston rings to stick and reduce compression resulting in decreased engine efficiency with extended use. The unique chemical formulation of EnerBurn, when applied in accordance with proprietary methodology, has been shown to produce benefits in fuel economy, NOx formation, smoke, brake horsepower and engine wear (See Product Testing , below). EnerBurn Volumetric Proportioning Injector Equipment (VPI) Volumetric proportioning injection equipment is used to deliver proper dosage ratios of EnerBurn to the diesel fuel and are typically offered to our customers in support of an EnerBurn sale. Three equipment vendors supply additive injection equipment to us that is either installed at a bulk fueling depot or onboard the vehicle or vessel. Product Testing Southwest Research Institute The Southwest Research Institute SWRI of San Antonio, Texas has extensively tested the EnerBurn technology. SWRI is one of the oldest and largest independent, nonprofit, applied research and development organizations in the United States. It has over 2,500 employees who perform contract work for industry and government clients. 6 Table of Contents The extensive testing of EnerBurn conducted by SWRI confirmed product claims of lower highway smoke, reduced NOx emissions, a significant reduction in engine wear and an increase in horsepower. Actual customer usage data has also confirmed the claim that EnerBurn usage reduces fuel consumption. EnerBurn Proof of Performance Demonstrations An integral part of our sales process is to conduct proof of performance demonstrations for potential customers wherein we accumulate historical fleet data that documents the effects of the use of EnerBurn (i.e. advantages in terms of increased fuel economy, a decrease in engine wear and reductions in toxic emissions) on that customer s specific vehicles or vessels. In connection with these proofs of performance demonstrations, we provide fleet monitoring services and forecasts of fuel consumption for purposes of the prospective customer s own analysis. The results below are indicative of typical customer experiences using EnerBurn. In many instances, customers have directly informed us about their satisfaction with EnerBurn and the fuel savings that its use has provided them. In all cases, our own comparison of the customer provided historical fuel usage data with the EnerBurn usage (which we have monitored) data has proven to us and the customer that the use of EnerBurn has reduced their fuel consumption. In addition to fuel consumption reduction, the decrease in emissions resulting from EnerBurn use is measured with a device called the UEI Intelligent Solutions Meter. Similarly, the percentage reduction in opacity (smoke generated by diesel engines) is measured by the Wager 6500 Meter (manufactured by Robert H. Wager Co., Inc.). An EnerBurn proof of performance demonstration of a long-haul truck fleet began in August of 1998. The number of trucks treated with EnerBurn exceeded 3,000-Century Class Freightliners, most of that were equipped with Caterpillar or similar type engines. This company s measurable fuel savings averaged 10.4 over a 3 plus year period while using EnerBurn, resulting in annual fuel savings in excess of 6.5 million. In addition, the company s maintenance department observed significant reductions in metal loss in crankcase wear-parts, although they did not attempt to quantify the value of this phenomenon. A fleet of 24 three-year-old 1400 horsepower Morrison Knudson MK1500 locomotives with Caterpillar 3512 diesel engines were used for a 12-month proof of performance demonstration of the effectiveness of EnerBurn. This demonstration started on July 1, 1999 and clearly documented a 10.8 reduction in fuel consumption and a 9.5 reduction in Brake Specific Fuel Consumption BSFC ). The demonstration also reflected a significant reduction in engine wear, confirmed by a 56 reduction in copper content of the lube oil. Three maritime vessels were selected from a large fleet, based on size and typical routes for accessibility of regular fueling at this company s bulk fueling barge. A proof of performance protocol was developed under the guidance and supervision of this company s management. The base line demonstration commenced on July 11, 2001 and the final demonstration was performed on February 28, 2002. One of the three demonstration vessels represented an untreated placebo; two were treated with EnerBurn. The two treated vessels exhibited a measured reduction in fuel consumption of 7 and 9.9 , while the untreated placebo experienced nearly a 10 increase in fuel consumption. Additionally, five vessels with different diesel engines were selected for proof of performance under the same protocols yielding results in excess of 10 in fuel savings, significant reductions in opacity, from 33 -86 , reductions of NOx emissions between 11 and 20 . 7 Table of Contents Overview of Worldwide Distillate Fuel Consumption The U.S. Department of Energy, Energy Information Administration EIA estimates that worldwide annual consumption of distillate fuel oil for 2012 was approximately 26,358 thousand barrels per day, with the United States ranked first at 3,741 thousand barrels per day, China ranked second at 3,447 thousand barrels per day and India ranked third at 1,420 thousand barrels per day. Domestic Distillate Fuel Consumption Based on further EIA published data, the following table depicts domestic distillate fuel oil consumption by end use for 2020 and 2019. Energy Use 2020 (Million Gallons) 2019 (Million Gallons) U.S. Total 63,038 63,038 Residential 3,013 3,428 Commercial 2,038 2,384 Industrial 1,532 1,890 Oil Company 405 1,221 Farm 3,731 3,452 Electric Power 412 461 Railroad 2,960 3,501 Vessel Bunkering 1,817 2,042 On-Highway 40,791 42,307 Military 159 130 Off-Highway 2,212 2,222 ______________ Sources: Energy Information Administration s Fuel Oil and Kerosene Sales 2020, published February 2022. Totals may not equal sum of components due to independent rounding. Our Target Markets Our principal target markets have included the trucking, heavy construction, maritime shipping, railroad and mining industries, as well as federal, state and international government applications. We believe each of these industries shares certain common financial characteristics, i.e. (i) diesel fuel represents a disproportionate share of operating costs; and (ii) relatively small operating margins are prevalent. Considering these factors, management believes that the use of EnerBurn and the corresponding derived savings in diesel fuel costs can positively affect the operating margins of its customers while contributing to a cleaner environment. Sales and Marketing Strategy The fuel additive industry has historically been mired by a myriad of technically dubious products and potential customers are usually wary of promotional claims by product manufacturers or snake oil peddlers as they are sometimes labeled. Prospective customers in all targeted market sectors and geographic locations are primarily concerned about the potential business risks associated with the adoption of any new fuel or engine treatment. Thus, the first resistant barrier to adoption of a fleet proof of performance demonstration is dispelling fear about impact on engine warranties and any potential business risk associated with a fleet shutdown caused by our product. The potential EnerBurn fuel and maintenance savings are strong motivators but are secondary to risk avoidance. The SWRI fitness for use testing and customer testimonials are paramount in assisting us in addressing these fears. Potential customers have a strong predisposition to accept only demonstrable proof-of-benefit in their own fleet as justification for any new expenditure. After risk avoidance, the ability to demonstrate and prove results is the primary obstacle for market adoption of the EnerBurn product. 8 Table of Contents Our sales process begins with a proof of performance demonstration that is a thorough analysis of the potential customer, including fleet type, size, and opportunity. (See Business - Product Testing - EnerBurn Proof of Performance Demonstrations , above). This is followed with sales presentations at both the executive level and maintenance level. Executive level sales presentations emphasize return on investment ROI ), while maintenance level sales presentations emphasize our technology and why it does not impact engine warranties and any potential business risk associated with a fleet shutdown. Convincing a potential customer to undertake a proof of performance demonstration is a difficult task because there is a significant expense to be borne by the potential customer. Specifically, the potential customer must pay for both the EnerBurn that is used during the demonstration as well as purchase the additive injection equipment that is also needed. The cost will vary according to the potential customer and the industry in which it is in. For a proof of performance demonstration on a typical fleet of 100 diesel engine trucks, the cost of the EnerBurn would be approximately 30,000, while the average cost of the equipment used would be approximately 20,000 to 50,000. The personnel costs related to providing fleet monitoring services and forecasts of fuel consumption for the potential customer s analysis are borne either by the Company, its supplier or the sales agent. For a demonstration involving a fleet of 100 hundred trucks, typically 50 to 100 man-hours are involved. The current sales cycle from inception to full customer implementation is typically six to 12-months from initial customer contact. This includes the two to six months it usually takes for the benefits of EnerBurn to begin to take effect in the subject engines during the proof of performance demonstration period. As indicated above, we have created marketing alliances both domestically and internationally with two marketing groups, including Petro-Chem Industries, which has entered into a Reseller and Market Development Agreement with us. Petro-Chem, intends to sell EnerBurn, injection equipment and emissions control systems to industrial, government and related customers, and has tested EnerBurn for fuel efficiency and emissions control products. EnerBurn Technology Since July 2006, we have owned the EnerBurn formulas, technology and associated assets which were acquired under an Asset Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we acquired the rights with respect to the liquid diesel motor vehicle fuel additives known as EC5805A and EC5931A products (the Products as well as its rights to certain intellectual property and technology associated with the Products. In connection with the purchase, we granted the seller of the Products a non-exclusive, fully paid, perpetual, non-revocable, royalty-free, assignable license, to manufacture, market and sell a certain product known as Thermoboost II , which has the same chemical formulation as one of the Products and which is used exclusively in-home heating oil. Manufacturing The acquisition of the EnerBurn formulas, technology and associated assets has provided us the ability to transform our business from a sales organization to a fully integrated manufacturer and distributor of EnerBurn. We subsequently moved our principal manufacturing operation to ChemJet Chemicals in Conroe, Texas, with a second company, J. T. Enterprises of Tyler, Texas as our backup manufacturing facility. We have agreed to supply certain tanks and related equipment and raw materials to be used by J. T. Enterprise to manufacture, blend and package the EnerBurn product, and both ChemJet and J. T. Enterprises have agreed to provide their manufacturing, blending and packaging services on a commercially reasonably prompt basis according to the specifications received from and required by us. For such services, we have agreed to pay each its fees pursuant to an agreed upon fee schedule. Competition The market for products and services that increase diesel fuel economy, reduce emissions and engine wear is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive and management expects it to increase due to the implementation of stricter environmental standards. Competition can come from other fuel additives, fuel and engine treatment products and from producers of engines that have been modified or adapted to achieve these results. In addition, we believe that new technologies, including additives, will further increase competition. 9 Table of Contents Management believes that the principal competitive factors in the Company s market include the: effectiveness of the product; cost; proprietary technology; ease of use; and quality of customer service and support. Government Regulation - Fuel Additive Registration We need to comply with registration requirements for each geographic jurisdiction in which it sells EnerBurn. On January 21, 2001, the US Environmental Protection Agency, pursuant to the Environmental Protection Act (the Act (40 CFR 79.23) issued permit number EC 5805A in connection with the use of EnerBurn. This registration allows EnerBurn to be used anywhere in the United States for highway use in all over-the-road diesel applications. Additionally, on March 30, 2004, we received a second EPA permit, permit number EC 5931A in connection with the use of EnerBurn. This registration allows EC 5931A to be used anywhere in the United States for use in all diesel applications. Under these registrations, we have pass through rights from the formulator, blender and supplier to sell EnerBurn in on-road applications. However, there are provisions in the Act under which the EPA could require further testing. The EPA has not exercised these provisions yet for any additive. Internationally, we intend to seek registration in other countries as we develop market opportunities. Our business is impacted by air quality regulations and other regulations governing vehicle emissions as well as emissions from stationary engines. If such regulations were abandoned or determined to be invalid, its prospects may be adversely affected. As an example, if crude oil and resulting diesel prices were to reach or approach historical lows, the emphasis for fuel efficiency would be diminished, potentially impacting sales velocity of the products, consequently adversely affecting our performance. Typically, there are registration and regulation requirements for fuel additives in each country in which they are sold. In the United States, fuel and fuel additives are registered and regulated pursuant to Section 211 of the Clean Air Act. 40 CFR Part 79 and 80 specifically relates to the registration of fuels and fuel additives. In accordance with the Clean Air Act regulations at 40 CFR 79, manufacturers (including importers) of gasoline, diesel fuel and additives for gasoline or diesel fuel, are required to have their products registered by the EPA prior to their introduction into commerce. Registration involves providing a chemical description of the fuel or additive, and certain technical, marketing, and health-effects information. The health-effects research is divided into three tiers of requirements for specific categories of fuels and additives. Tier 1 requires a health-effects literature search and emissions characterization. Tier 2 requires short-term inhalation exposures of laboratory animals to emissions and screened for adverse health effects, unless comparable data are already available. Alternative Tier 2 testing can be required in lieu of standard Tier 2 if EPA concludes that such testing would be more appropriate. Certain small businesses are exempt from some or all the Tier 1 and Tier 2 requirements. Tier 3 provides for follow-up research, if necessary. Employees We currently employ four individuals on a full-time basis, and we also engage independent sales representatives. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that relations with our employees are good. Available Information We prepare and file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and certain other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We also maintain a website at www.enerteckchemical.com. Information on or connected to our website is neither part of, nor incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-K or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. 10 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors. In addition to other information and financial data set forth elsewhere in this report, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating the Company. Business and Financial Risks UNCERTAINTY IN THE GLOBAL ECONOMY IN GENERAL MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION THAT WE CURRENTLY CANNOT PREDICT . While we cannot predict global economic conditions, uncertainty about future economic conditions and future decline in consumer and business spending could negatively impact our business. For example, our suppliers and customers might experience deterioration of their businesses, cash flow shortages and difficulty obtaining financing which could result in interruptions or delays in our suppliers or customers performance of any contracts, reductions and delays in customer purchases, delays in or the inability of customers to obtain financing to purchase our products, and bankruptcy of customers. AN OCCURRENCE OF AN UNCONTROLLABLE EVENT SUCH AS THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC IS LIKELY TO CONTINUE TO NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR OPERATIONS. The ongoing coronavirus outbreak which began at the beginning of 2020 has impacted various businesses throughout the world, including travel restrictions and the extended shutdown of certain businesses in impacted geographic regions. Efforts to control its spread have significantly curtailed the movement of people, goods, and services worldwide, including in the geographic areas in which we conduct our business operations. It has also caused extreme societal, economic, and financial market volatility, resulting in business shutdowns and potentially leading to a global economic downturn. The magnitude and duration of the resulting decline in business activity cannot currently be estimated with any degree of certainty and has had effects on our business, including, among other things, causing delays in testing and potential purchases of our product and restricting our sales and marketing efforts including limited our travel to potential customers, and reducing the effectiveness of such efforts in some cases. The COVID-19 pandemic may cause us to continue to experience the foregoing challenges in our business in the future. The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our operations or those of our third-party partners will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the extended duration of the outbreak, new information that may emerge concerning coronavirus and future actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Any such disruptions or losses we incur could continue have a material adverse effect on our financial results and our ability to conduct business as expected. OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred recurring net losses of 1,202,348 and 1,203,578, respectively. In addition, at December 31, 2022, the Company has an accumulated deficit of 41,320,553. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is contingent upon its ability to obtain additional financing and to generate revenues and cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis. Management concedes that sales revenues for 2022 and 2021 and for years prior have been considerably less than earlier anticipated primarily due to circumstances which we are making a continued effort to correct. Management expects that construction, mining, railroad and trucking sales of our products will show significant increases in 2023 and thereafter over what has been generated in the past. Such increased sales are expected to start to materialize in 2023. The Company has been able to generate working capital in the past through private placements and issuing promissory notes and believes that these avenues will remain available to the Company if additional financing is necessary. No assurance can be made that any of these efforts will be successful. 11 Table of Contents WE HAVE A HISTORY OF LOSSES WHICH MAY CONTINUE, AND WHICH MAY NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR ABILITY TO ACHIEVE OUR BUSINESS OBJECTIVES AND OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated revenues of 100,302 and 67,068, respectively, and incurred net losses of 1,202,348 and 1,203,578, respectively. Continued failure to increase our revenues significantly will harm our business. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. If our revenues grow more slowly than we anticipate, our gross margins fail to maintain its current improvement, or our operating expenses exceed our expectations, our operating results will suffer. If we are unable to sell our products at acceptable prices relative to our costs, or if we fail to develop and introduce on a timely basis, new products from which we can derive additional revenues, our financial results will suffer. THE ENERBURN TECHNOLOGY HAS NOT GAINED MARKET ACCEPTANCE, NOR DO WE KNOW WHETHER A MARKET WILL DEVELOP FOR IT IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE TO GENERATE ANY MEANINGFUL REVENUES. The EnerBurn technology has received only limited market acceptance. This technology is a relatively new product to the market place and we have not generated any significant sales. Although ever growing concerns and regulation regarding the environment and pollution has increased interest in environmentally friendly products generally, the engine treatment and fuel additive market remains an evolving market. The EnerBurn technology competes with more established companies such as Lubrizol Corporation, Chevron Oronite Company (a subsidiary of Chevron Corporation), Octel Corp., Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc. and Ethyl Corporation, as well as other companies whose products or services alter, modify or adapt diesel engines to increase their fuel efficiency and reduce pollutants. Acceptance of EnerBurn as an alternative to such traditional products and/or services depends upon a number of factors including: favorable pricing vis-a-vis projected savings from increased fuel efficiency the ability to establish the reliability of EnerBurn products relative to available fleet data public perception of the product In addition, investors should note that the studies referenced under Product Testing in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report were performed a number of years ago. Although the Company believes such studies are still relevant, technological improvements could impact the viability of these studies. For these reasons, we are uncertain whether our technology will gain acceptance in any commercial markets or that demand will be sufficient to create a market large enough to produce any meaningful revenue or earnings. Our future success depends upon customers demand for our products in sufficient amounts. OUR TECHNOLOGY MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY FUTURE TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES AND ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS. Although diesel engines are now being manufactured that have reduced dangerous emissions, this has not satisfied governmental regulators and legislators. We believe that diesel engines themselves may soon be required to adhere to stringent guidelines that produce nearly zero tailpipe emissions. Research in this area is currently being sponsored by governmental agencies, major engine companies, truck manufacturers, automobile makers, catalyst producers, oil refining companies and their technology suppliers. If such research is successful, it could eventually reduce the need for diesel fuel additives such as EnerBurn as they relate to pollution control. OUR LACK OF DIVERSIFICATION WILL INCREASE THE RISK OF AN INVESTMENT IN US. Our business has historically been entirely dependent upon the acceptance of EnerBurn in the marketplace. As a result, we are impacted more acutely by factors affecting our industry or the regions in which we operate that we would if our business were more diversified, enhancing our risk profile. OUR SALES PROCESS IS COSTLY AND TIME CONSUMING WHICH DECREASES OUR ABILITY TO IMPACT SALES. In order to impact EnerBurn sales, we must prove to a potential customer that the use of our product is specifically beneficial to and cost effective for that potential customer. We accomplish this by conducting proof of performance demonstrations. Our supplier, our sales agent and/or we bear the cost to provide the personnel to do the monitoring and analyzing of compiled data. However, the potential customer must bear the cost of the EnerBurn and equipment used during the trial period. We cannot assure you that we will be able to convince potential customers to undertake this expense and affect a significant number of sales. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that the results of a specific proof of performance demonstration will prove that the use of EnerBurn will be beneficial to that specific potential customer, or if beneficial, that the potential customer will purchase EnerBurn. If, after conducting the proof of performance demonstration, the potential customer does not purchase our product, we will have wasted the time and the cost of providing personnel to the proof of performance demonstration. 12 Table of Contents WE FACE INTENSE COMPETITION AND MAY NOT HAVE THE FINANCIAL AND HUMAN RESOURCES NECESSARY TO KEEP UP WITH RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES WHICH MAY RESULT IN OUR TECHNOLOGY BECOMING OBSOLETE. The diesel fuel additive business and related anti-pollutant businesses are subject to rapid technological change, especially due to environmental protection regulations, and subject to intense competition. We compete with both established companies and a significant number of startup enterprises. We face competition from producers and/or distributors of other diesel fuel additives (such as Lubrizol Corporation, Chevron Oronite Company, Octel Corp., Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc. and Ethyl Corporation), from producers of alternative mechanical technologies (such as Algae-X International, Diesel craft, Emission Controls Corp. and JAMS Turbo, Inc.) and from alternative fuels (such as bio-diesel fuel and liquefied natural gas) all targeting the same markets and claiming increased fuel economy, and/or a decrease in toxic emissions and/or a reduction in engine wear. Most of our competitors have substantially greater financial and marketing resources than we do and may independently develop superior technologies which may result in our technology becoming less competitive or obsolete. We may not be able to keep pace with this change. If we cannot keep up with these advances in a timely manner, we will be unable to compete in our chosen markets. THE COMPANY NEEDS TO MAINTAIN ENERBURN S EPA REGISTRATIONS. In accordance with the regulations promulgated under the US Clean Air Act, manufacturers (including importers) of gasoline, diesel fuel and additives for gasoline or diesel fuel, are required to have their products registered with the EPA prior to their introduction into the marketplace. Currently, EnerBurn products have two such registrations (EPA # 5805A and 5931A). However, unforeseen future changes to the registration requirements may be made, and these products, or either one of them, may not be able to qualify for registration under such new requirements. The loss of the EPA registrations or restrictions on the current registrations could have an adverse effect on our business and plan of operation. Ruby Cat registered these products with the US Environmental Protection Agency which registrations we acquired in connection with the EnerBurn Acquisition Agreement. EnerBurn is registered in the United States only, and we are considering its registration in other countries. Further testing could be needed in these or other countries. We cannot assure you that EnerBurn will pass any future testing that may be required. The failure of EnerBurn to obtain registration in countries or areas where we would like to market it, could have a materially adverse effect on our business and plan of operation. FAILURE TO PROPERLY MANAGE OUR GROWTH POTENTIAL WOULD BE DETRIMENTAL TO HOLDERS OF OUR SECURITIES. Since we have limited operating history, any significant growth will place considerable strain on our financial resources and increase demands on our management and on our operational and administrative systems, controls and other resources. There can be no assurance that our existing personnel, systems, procedures or controls will be adequate to support our operations in the future or that we will be able to successfully implement appropriate measures consistent with our growth strategy. As part of this growth, we may have to implement new operational and financial systems, procedures and controls to expand, train and manage our employees and maintain close coordination among our technical, accounting, finance, marketing, sales and editorial staff. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to do so, or that if we are able to do so, we will be able to effectively integrate them into our existing staff and systems. We may fail to adequately manage our anticipated future growth. We will also need to continue to attract, retain and integrate personnel in all aspects of our operations. Failure to manage our growth effectively could hurt our business. WE ARE RELIANT UPON THIRD-PARTY MANUFACTURERS FOR OUR PRODUCTS; ANY PROBLEMS THEY ENCOUNTER WILL DETRIMENTALLY IMPACT OUR BUSINESS. The manufacturing of our products is undertaken by third-party manufacturers. There can be no assurance that such manufacturers will be reliable in meeting delivery schedules, or that such manufacturers will not experience their own financial difficulties or encounter other problems which could detrimentally impact our business. In the event we need to secure other manufacturers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure such arrangements on terms acceptable to the Company. 13 Table of Contents WE ARE DEPENDENT ON KEY PERSONNEL INCLUDING OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. Due to the specialized nature of our business, our success depends in part upon attracting and retaining the services of qualified managerial and technical personnel. The market for such persons remains competitive and the relatively small size of the Company may make it more difficult for us to recruit and retain qualified persons. In addition, and since we are a small company, a loss of one or more of our current officers could severely and negatively impact our operations. MAINTAINING AND IMPROVING OUR FINANCIAL CONTROLS MAY STRAIN OUR RESOURCES AND DIVERT MANAGEMENT S ATTENTION. We are subject to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The requirements of these rules and regulations have increased, and we expect will continue to increase, our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and may also place undue strain on our personnel, systems and resources. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. This can be difficult to do. As a result of this and similar activities, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. RELATED PARTY NOTES AND ADVANCES PRESENT A SIGNIFICANT RISK. Due to our lack of meaningful revenues, we have been forced to finance our operations primarily from capital which has been raised from third parties and promissory notes and advances from related parties. As of December 31, 2022, such loans and advances from related parties total 4,112,500. All the remaining notes and advances are past due. Although the Company does not expect any of such lenders to demand payment until the Company has adequate resources to pay back such loans and advances, there can be no assurance that such will be the case. This presents a significant risk to the Company in that in the event any of such lenders demand payment, the Company may not have the necessary cash to meet such payment obligations, or if it does, such payments may draw significantly on the Company s cash position. Any of such events will likely have a materially detrimental effect on the Company. Risks Related To Our Common Stock WE HAVE ISSUED A SUBSTANTIAL NUMBER OF WARRANTS TO PURCHASE OUR COMMON STOCK WHICH WILL RESULT IN SUBSTANTIAL DILUTION TO THE OWNERSHIP INTERESTS OF OUR EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS. As of December 31, 2022, we had 36,380,690 shares of common stock outstanding. Up to an additional 4,940,000 shares are issuable upon the exercise of the warrants currently outstanding and up to 1,235,070 shares are issuable upon exercise of options currently outstanding. The exercise of these warrants and options would substantially dilute the ownership interests of our existing shareholders. Further, the potential conversion of outstanding convertible notes payable would have a significant impact on the total number of shares outstanding if converted. WE DO NOT INTEND TO PAY DIVIDENDS IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. We have never declared or paid a dividend on our common stock. We intend to retain earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business and, therefore, do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. THE TRADING PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK MAY BE VOLATILE. The market price of our common stock, which trades over the counter, has, in the past, fluctuated over time and may in the future be volatile. The trading price may be affected by a number of factors including the risk factors set forth in this report as well as our operating results, financial condition, announcements of innovations or new products by us or our competitors, general conditions in the marketplace, and other events or factors which may be unrelated to our operating performance. Thus, the price at which shares of our common stock may trade from time to time may not reflect the actual value of our business or the actual value of our common stock. Furthermore, the stock market generally and the market for stocks of companies with lower market capitalizations, like us, have from time-to-time experienced, and likely will again experience significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. 14 Table of Contents POTENTIAL FUTURE SALES PURSUANT TO RULE 144. Many of the shares of Common Stock presently held by management and others are restricted securities as that term is defined in Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act. Under Rule 144, a person (or persons whose shares are aggregated) who has satisfied a certain holding period, may, under certain circumstances sell such shares or a portion of such shares. Such holding periods have already been satisfied in many instances. Therefore, actual sales or the prospect of sales of such shares under Rule 144 in the future may depress the prices of the Company s securities. OUR COMMON STOCK IS A PENNY STOCK. Our Common Stock is classified as a penny stock, which trades over-the-counter. As a result, an investor may find it more difficult to dispose of or obtain accurate quotations as to the price of the shares of the Common Stock. In addition, the penny stock rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission subject the sale of the shares of the Common Stock to certain regulations which impose sales practice requirements on broker-dealers. For example, broker-dealers selling such securities must, prior to effecting the transaction, provide their customers with a document that discloses the risks of investing in such securities. Furthermore, if the person purchasing the securities is someone other than an accredited investor or an established customer of the broker-dealer, the broker-dealer must also approve the potential customer s account by obtaining information concerning the customer s financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. The broker-dealer must also make the determination whether the transaction is suitable for the customer and whether the customer has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be reasonably expected to be capable of evaluating the risk of transactions in such securities. Accordingly, the Commission s rules may result in the limitation of the number of potential purchasers of the shares of the Common Stock. In addition, the additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in the Common Stock, which could severely limit the market of the Company s Common Stock. THE OVER-THE-COUNTER MARKET IS VULNERABLE TO MARKET FRAUD. Securities which trade over-the-counter are frequent targets of fraud or market manipulation, both because of their generally low prices and because reporting requirements for such securities are less stringent than those of the stock exchanges or NASDAQ. INCREASED DEALER COMPENSATION COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT STOCK PRICE. Over-the-counter market dealers spreads (the difference between the bid and ask prices) may be large, causing higher purchase prices and less sale proceeds for investors. Except as required by the Federal Securities Law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or for any other reason. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Item 2. Properties. We do not own any real estate. We lease approximately 2,722 square feet of space for our executive offices at 10701 Corporate Drive, Suite No. 150, Stafford, Texas. Such lease, which commenced on February 1, 2001, had an original term of three years and has been extended to February 28, 2024. Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 55,000 and 57,000, respectively. Management believes that the current facility is adequate for the foreseeable future. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. The Company is not currently a party to any pending material legal proceeding nor is it aware of any proceeding contemplated by any individual, company, entity or governmental authority involving the Company. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures . Not applicable. 15 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information The Company s common stock currently trades over-the-counter under the symbol ETCK and is listed on the Pink Open Market, officially part of the OTC Market Group s OTC Link quotation system. The following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices per share of the common stock for each of the calendar quarters identified below. These quotations represent inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. Year ended December 31, 2021: High Low Jan. 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021 0.12 0.02 April l, 2021 to June 30, 2021 0.08 0.06 July 1, 2021 to Sept. 30, 2021 0.07 0.05 Oct. 1, 2021 to Dec. 31, 2021 0.09 0.05 Year ended December 31, 2022: High Low Jan. 1, 2022 to March 31, 2022 0.07 0.06 April l, 2022 to June 30, 2022 0.07 0.06 July 1, 2022 to Sept. 30, 2022 0.08 0.06 Oct. 1, 2022 to Dec. 31, 2022 0.08 0.05 Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 941 stockholders of record of the Company s Common Stock. This does not reflect persons or entities that hold their stock in nominee or street name . Dividends The Company has not paid any cash dividends to date, and it has no intention of paying any cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of its Board of Directors and to certain limitations imposed under the Delaware Corporation law. The timing, amount and form of dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities There were no sales or issuances of equity securities during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 16 Table of Contents Equity Compensation Plan Information Information regarding equity compensations plans, as of December 31, 2022, is set forth in the table below: Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average. exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,235,070 (1) 0.32 514,930 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 4,940,000 (2) 0.51 N/A Total 6,175,070 0.47 N/A ______________ (1) Represents shares underlying the 2003 Employee Stock Option Plan. (2) Represents shares underlying the individual grant of warrants. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report and is qualified in its entirety by the foregoing. Executive Overview EnerTeck Corporation (the Company or EnerTeck Parent ), formerly named Gold Bond Mining Company and then Gold Bond Resources, Inc., was incorporated in the State of Washington on July 30, 1935. We acquired EnerTeck Chemical Corp. EnerTeck Sub as a wholly owned subsidiary on January 9, 2003. As a result of this acquisition, we are now acting as a holding company, with EnerTeck Sub as our primary operating business. Subsequent to this transaction, on November 24, 2003 we changed our domicile from the State of Washington to the State of Delaware and changed our name from Gold Bond Resources, Inc. to EnerTeck Corporation. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms we, us or our refer to EnerTeck Corporation and its consolidated subsidiary. EnerTeck Sub, our wholly owned operating subsidiary, was incorporated in the State of Texas on November 29, 2000. It was formed for the purpose of commercializing a diesel fuel specific combustion catalyst known as EnerBurn (TM), as well as other combustion enhancement and emission reduction technologies. Nalco/Exxon Energy Chemicals, L.P. Nalco/Exxon L.P. ), a joint venture between Nalco Chemical Corporation and Exxon Corporation commercially introduced EnerBurn in 1998. When Nalco/Exxon L.P. went through an ownership change in 2000, our founder, Dwaine Reese, formed EnerTeck Sub. It acquired the EnerBurn trademark and related assets and took over the Nalco/Exxon L.P. relationship with the EnerBurn formulator and blender, and its supplier, Ruby Cat Technology, LLC Ruby Cat ). We utilize a sales process that includes detailed proprietary customer fleet monitoring protocols in on-road applications that quantify data and assists in managing certain internal combustion diesel engine operating results while utilizing EnerBurn. Test data prepared by Southwest Research Institute and actual customer usage has indicated that the use of EnerBurn in diesel engines improves fuel economy, lowers smoke, and decreases engine wear and the dangerous emissions of both Nitrogen Oxide (NOx) and microscopic airborne solid matter (particulates). Our principal target markets have included the trucking, heavy construction, maritime shipping, railroad and mining industries, as well as federal, state and international government applications. Each of these industries shares certain common financial characteristics, i.e. (i) diesel fuel represents a disproportionate share of operating costs; and (ii) relatively small operating margins are prevalent. Considering these factors, management believes that the use of EnerBurn and the corresponding derived savings in diesel fuel costs can positively affect the operating margins of its customers while contributing to a cleaner environment. 17 Table of Contents During 2011, we acquired a 40 membership interest in an entity called EnerTeck Environmental, LLC, which was formed for the purpose of marketing and selling a diesel fuel emission reduction technology with the creators of such specific technology. Indian Nations Technology, the co-owner of EnerTeck Environmental, LLC is currently working on a testing protocol which could revive this entity. Results of Operations Revenues We recognized revenues of 100,302 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to revenues of 67,068 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 33,234. Several trials and evaluations are currently underway in the U.S. and various other countries and it is expected revenue should show increases in 2023. The primary source of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was from the sale of EnerBurn to oilfield service, heavy construction and mining industries. Sales delays have occurred due to delays in the completion of important product testing projects, a lack of new customers and the COVID-19 shutdown and restrictions. As businesses fully reopen following the COVID-19 shutdown, we expect to see progress in ongoing trials and evaluations that are currently underway in the U.S. and various other countries. Gross Profit Gross profit, defined as revenues less cost of goods sold, was 35,959, or 35.9 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 57,081, or 85.1 of revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Although raw material costs have increased substantially, we feel confident that there will be an increase in gross profits in 2023, as several trials and evaluations are currently underway in the U.S. and various other countries. Cost of goods sold was 64,343 for the year ended December 31, 2022 which represented 64.1 of revenues compared to 9,987 for the year ended December 31, 2021 which represented 14.9 of revenues. We wrote off slow-moving inventory valued at 37,524 in 2022 which led to the increase in 2022 versus 2021. Cost and Expenses Operating expenses were 950,139 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1,145,942 for the year ended December 31, 2021 a decrease of 195,803. Costs and expenses in both periods primarily consisted of payroll, professional fees, rent expense, amortization expense and other general and administrative expenses. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized 202,816 of stock-based compensation for the extension of expiration dates and the issuance of new stock warrants and stock options. Net Loss We reported a net loss of 1,202,348 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of 1,203,578 for the year ended December 31, 2021 , a decrease of 1,230. The expectation is that sales will increase in 2023 as several trials and evaluations are currently underway in the U.S. and various other countries. Operations Outlook The fuel additive industry has historically been mired by a myriad of technically dubious products. Prospective customers in all targeted market sectors and geographic locations are primarily concerned about the potential business risks associated with the adoption of any new fuel or engine treatment. Our sales process begins with a proof of performance demonstration that is a thorough analysis of the potential customer, including fleet type, size, and opportunity. This is followed with sales presentations at both the executive level and maintenance level. 18 Table of Contents The majority of our marketing effort since 2005 has been directed at targeting and gaining a foothold in one of several major target areas, including the inland marine diesel market, trucking, heavy construction and mining. Management concedes that sales revenues for 2022 and prior years have been considerably less than earlier anticipated. One of the issues we have faced in recent years has been the very long timeline from initial contact to contract signing subsequent to completion of an evaluation. Although we believe that many times in the past, we have proven the benefits of EnerBurn, various evaluating companies have opted not to move forward for a variety of reasons which we believe were beyond our control. Nevertheless, at both the Company and distributor level, we have recently completed or are proceeding with evaluations of EnerBurn in many field trials. As we continue to string together a series of positive evaluations in more industries, we should begin to see more business generated from such results. New trials are either in progress or should be commencing shortly. A substantial portion of the last few years was spent re-directing our marketing emphasis for our primary product, EnerBurn. Our current sales process now requires a signed commitment letter from the prospective customer for a minimum of a 3-year supply agreement, prior to the commencement of an evaluation of any of our products. Should the evaluation meet or exceed the established benchmarks as outlined in the evaluation protocol document, the supply agreement would become binding. We have adopted this strategy as we had numerous successful evaluations in the past that did not result in the customer moving forward and adopting the technology, with most of those evaluations being at the Company s expense. Additionally, we have contracted with outside sales representatives, both in the United States and in other parts of the world to act as distributors of our products. We currently have distribution agreements with Diesel-E Pty Ltd in Australia and with Green Group in South America. Diesel-E Pty Ltd completed its first EnerBurn evaluation with Robson Civil Projects Pty Limited of Australia and is currently working on multiple other opportunities leveraging on that successful trial. Green Group is currently running two evaluations in Peru, one for a mining railroad and another for a large mining conglomerate. We also have a representative working on mining evaluations in Mexico and expect that once the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, we will commence an evaluation at a large mine in Mexico. In the U.S. we have a representative working on a number of currently ongoing EnerBurn evaluations in the Midwest, two of which have been completed successfully and we have recently started to supply one of them with chemical. Two other evaluations recently started but were terminated due to the pandemic. We believe such will resume when it is safe to do so. Since the latter part of 2022, we have been working on a research and development project to automate injection of Enerburn. In the past, we have found that the need to hand treat Enerburn at a customer site has been a hindrance to our ability to sell our products to potential customers. We believe this has prevented our success to spread our technology not only to existing customers to also to potential new customers. In this regard, we recently completed the design and the building of our first drum automatic system for use at one of our existing customer s sites, which was installed at such customer s site in Florida at the end of February 2023. If successful, we are encouraged that this will lead to additional customers in 2023 and the installation of such additional automatic injection systems. We have also recently been working with waste haulers on testing Enerburn to improve their DPF filter problems which, if successful, should lead to additional business opportunities. It should be noted that the ongoing coronavirus outbreak which began at the beginning of 2020 has impacted various businesses throughout the world, including travel restrictions and the extended shutdown of certain businesses in impacted geographic regions. A pandemic typically results in social distancing, travel bans and quarantine, and the effects of, and response to, the COVID-19 pandemic has so far limited access to our corporate office, personnel and professional advisors, and has also hampered, and may continue to hamper, our efforts to comply with our filing obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. If the coronavirus outbreak situation should worsen, we may experience additional disruptions to our business. The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our operations or those of our third-party partners will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration of the outbreak, new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. 19 Table of Contents Capital Resources On December 31, 2022, we had working capital deficit of 11,894,608 and a stockholders deficit of 11,788,335 compared to working capital deficit of 10,737,124 and stockholders deficit of 10,585,987 on December 31, 2021. Our continuing deficit levels are primarily due to poor sales. On December 31, 2022, we had 1,035 in cash, total assets of 314,811 and total liabilities of 12,103,146, compared to 23,625 in cash, total assets of 269,180 and total liabilities of 10,855,167 on December 31, 2021. Net cash used in operating activities was 589,379 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 505,974 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 83,405. The increase was primarily due to an increase of inventory during the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash used in investing activities was 5,224 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the past, we have been able to finance our operations primarily from capital which has been raised. To date, sales have not been adequate to finance our operations without investment capital. Cash provided by financing activities was 572,013 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a result of funds received from related party notes and advances. This is compared to cash provided by financing activities of 442,779 for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily resulting from a PPP Small Business loan in the amount of 73,100 and 435,000 from related party notes and advances. We anticipate, based on currently proposed plans and assumptions relating to our operations, that in addition to our current cash and cash equivalents together with projected cash flows from operations and projected revenues, we will require additional investment to satisfy our contemplated cash requirements for the next 12 months. No assurance can be made that we will be able to obtain such investment on terms acceptable to us or at all. We anticipate that our costs and expenses over the next 12 months will be approximately 1.0 million. Our continuation as a going concern is contingent upon our ability to obtain additional financing and to generate revenues and cash flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis. As mentioned above, management acknowledges that sales revenues have been considerably less than earlier anticipated. This was primarily due to a combination of circumstances which have been corrected or are in the process of being corrected and therefore should not reoccur in the future and the general state of the economy. Management expects that sales should show increases in 2023. No assurances can be made that we will be able to obtain required financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our contemplated cash requirements in 2023 and beyond will depend primarily upon level of sales of our products, inventory levels, product development, sales and marketing expenditures and capital expenditures. Due to our lack of meaningful revenues, we have been forced to finance our operations primarily from capital which has been raised from third parties and promissory notes and advances from related parties. Such loans and advances from related parties total 4,112,500 and 3,492,500 on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Many of these remaining loans are past due and certain others are due on demand. The Company does not expect any of such related parties to demand payment until the Company has adequate resources to pay back such loans and advances, there can be no assurance that such will be the case. This debt presents a significant risk to the Company in that in the event any of such related parties demand payment, the Company may not have the necessary cash to meet such payment obligations, or if it does, such payments may draw significantly on the Company s cash position. Any of such events will likely have a materially detrimental effect on the Company. Inflation has not significantly impacted the Company s operations. 20 Table of Contents Significant Accounting Policies Revenue Recognition We follow Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09, Revenues from Contracts with Customers and all subsequent amendments to the ASU (collectively Topic 606) which creates a single framework for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers that fall within its scope. The core principle of Topic 606 is that a reporting entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the reporting entity expects to be entitled in exchange for the goods and services. While we have had some direct customers over the years, the principal method of selling our product EnerBurn is through the use of independent distributors, for both domestic and international markets. The transaction price for each sale is explicitly stated within the contract with a customer. We do not accept returns nor do we provide warranty on our product s performance, as control of performance is based on the proper utilization by the final user. Normal payment terms for domestic sales to both customers and distributors shipping within the United States are net 30 days. All foreign shipments are cash in advance of shipment from our location. Our sole performance obligation to customers and distributors is the manufacturing and shipment of EnerBurn. Revenues from sales of our product are recognized at the point when a customer or distributor order has been completed and shipped. Sales of all product are f.o.b. shipping point. All sales contracts between the individual distributor and end customer are the responsibility of the individual distributor and the amount of mark up above the distributors wholesale price per unit is the purview of the distributor. As stated above, we do not accept returns nor do we provide warranty on our product s performance, as control of performance is based on the proper utilization by the final user. We periodically test the product manufactured prior to shipment for its proprietary quality standards and guarantees to the distributors that the product will always maintain the level of strict quality standard that is integral to the performance of its product for the end customer. We will provide a Certificate of Analysis, C of A on each shipment of our product, if requested by the customer. The C of A provides proof that the product is manufactured to meet chemical specifications that insure performance standards. Stock Options and Warrants Compensation cost for equity awards is based on the fair value of the equity instrument on the date of grant and is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. Compensation cost for liability awards is based on the fair value of the vested award at the end of each period. We value warrant and option awards using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Stock options and warrants expire on the dates designated in the instrument. The Board has agreed and can agree in the future to issue replacement options and warrants, on a case-by-case basis, if they so determine, that to be appropriate at the time however there is no set policy in place to do so. Forfeitures of any options are accounted for as they occur. Fair value measurements We estimate fair value at a price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants in the principal market for the asset or liability. The valuation techniques require inputs that are categorized using a three-level hierarchy, from highest to lowest level of observable inputs, as follows: (1) significant observable inputs, including unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets Level 1 ), (2) significant other observable inputs, including direct or indirect market data for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or identical assets or liabilities in less active markets Level 2 and (3) significant unobservable inputs, including those that require considerable judgment for which there is little or no market data Level 3 ). When multiple input levels are required for a valuation, we categorize the entire fair value measurement according to the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement even though other significant inputs that are more readily observable may have also utilized. Financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivable, trade payable and related party notes payable. With the exception of the related party notes payable, the carrying value of the financial instruments approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these items. The carrying value of the related party notes payable may not represent the fair values of these financial instruments. 21 Table of Contents Going Concern In accordance with ASC Subtopic 205-40, Going Concern, management evaluates whether relevant conditions and events that, when considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable the Company will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. When relevant conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, initially indicate that it is probable that the Company will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued (and therefore they raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern), management evaluates whether its plans that are intended to mitigate those conditions and events, when implemented, will alleviate substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans are considered only to the extent that 1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively implemented and 2) it is probable that the plans will mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred recurring net losses of 1,202,348 and 1,203,578, respectively. Further, most of the Company s notes payable are overdue and payment may be demanded at any time. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is contingent upon its ability to obtain additional financing and to generate revenues and cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis. The Company has been able to obtain cash in the past through private placements and issuing promissory notes and believes that these avenues will remain available to the Company. These financings are intended to mitigate the substantial doubt raised by our historical operating results and satisfying our estimated liquidity needs 12 months from the issuance of the consolidated financial statements. However, there is no certainty that additional financing can be obtained in the future at terms acceptable to the Company. Issued Accounting Pronouncements In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . ASU 2016-13 requires a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. In addition, the ASU requires credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities to be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. The amendments in this ASU broaden the information that an entity must consider in developing its expected credit loss estimate for assets measured either collectively or individually. For smaller reporting companies, the new standard is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company does not currently believe the impact of this guidance will be material on its consolidated financial statements. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. See the Financial Statements annexed to this report. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. 22 Table of Contents Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, these disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective to ensure that all information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is: (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rule and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting includes using the COSO framework, an integrated framework for the evaluation of internal controls issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, to identify the risks and control objectives related to the evaluation of our control environment. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Despite these controls, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Furthermore, smaller reporting companies, like us, face additional limitations. Smaller reporting companies employ fewer individuals and can find it difficult to employ resources for complicated transactions and effective risk management. Additionally, smaller reporting companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software controls. Based on our evaluation under the frameworks described above, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. The ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses which are indicative of many small companies: (i) all accounting functions are performed by limited accounting personnel; (ii) lack of formalized controls in the financial close and revenue recognition processes; (iii) review of monthly, quarterly and yearly consolidated financial statements was not performed at a sufficient level of precision and specificity in order to detect material errors in the financial statements; and (iv) lack of formalized agreements maintained between parties during the normal course of business. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation requirements by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 23 Table of Contents Despite the existence of the material weaknesses above, we believe that our consolidated financial statements contained in this Form 10-K fairly present our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in all material respects. Material Weakness In connection with our annual audit for the year ended December 31, 2022, management determined that controls as described above constitute material weaknesses in disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting. As a result, it was determined that a control deficiency that constitutes a material weakness in the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting was present. Management believes that these material weaknesses did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of these items results in ineffective internal controls, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. Due to our size and nature, segregation of duties within our internal control system may not always be possible or economically feasible. Likewise, we may not be able to engage sufficient resources to enable us to have adequate staff and supervision within our accounting function. Remediation During 2022, certain actions were taken to address certain aspects of the material weaknesses disclosed above. We intend to continue to actively plan for and implement control procedures to improve our overall control environment including but not limited to documenting necessary internal control policies and developing and delivering appropriate internal control training to our personnel. Due to the nature of the remediation process and the need to allow adequate time after implementation to evaluate and test the effectiveness of the controls, as well as our limited cash resources, no assurance can be given as to the timing of achievement of remediation. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no material changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. Not applicable. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 24 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Set forth below are our present directors and executive officers. Note that there are no other persons who have been nominated or chosen to become directors nor are there any other persons who have been chosen to become executive officers. There are no arrangements or understandings between any of the directors, officers and other persons pursuant to which such person was selected as a director or an officer. Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and have qualified. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Name Age Present Position and Offices Has Served as Director Since Gary B. Aman 75 President, Director and Acting Chief Executive Officer March 2005 Jack D. Cowles 62 Director March 2005 Thomas F. Donino 61 Chairman of the Board and Director December 2005 Richard B. Dicks 75 Chief Financial Officer - Set forth below are brief accounts of the business experience during the past five years of each director and executive officer of the Company and each significant employee of the Company. GARY B. AMAN has been a director of the Company since 2005, President since March 2009 and Acting Chief Executive Officer since July 2016. He was employed with Nalco Company from 1994 to 2008, and served as General Manager of ADOMITE Subsurface Chemicals, a Nalco division, from 1999 to 2008. ADOMITE is recognized as a technology leader in energy exploration additives including drilling fluids, cementing, fracturing and well stimulation additives. Mr. Aman retired from Nalco effective October 31, 2008. Mr. Aman received a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics from the University of South Dakota in 1970. JACK D. COWLES has been a director of the Company since March 2005. He has been a Managing Director of JDC Consulting, a management consulting firm, since 1997. JDC, headquartered in New York City, provides a broad range of senior level management consulting services including strategy, business process improvement and implementation, change management, financial management, due diligence and merger integration. Mr. Cowles received a Bachelor of Arts, Economics degree; Phi Beta Kappa, from the University of Michigan in 1983 and a Master of Business Administration degree for the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School of Business in 1994. THOMAS F. DONINO has been a director of the Company since December 2005 and Chairman of the Board since January 2018. Since August 1997, he has been a partner at First New York Securities (FNY) in New York, New York. FNY is an investment management company with assets over 250 million. Mr. Donino is also the General Partner of BATL Management LP, a family Limited Partnership, and President of BATL Bioenergy LLC. 25 Table of Contents RICHARD B. DICKS has been Chief Financial Officer of the Company since December 2005. Mr. Dicks is a certified public accountant and has operated his own accounting practice focusing on tax, financial, cash management and MAS services for over 40 years. In addition, from July 1993 to December 2001, Mr. Dicks was President and Chief Executive Officer of Combustion Process Manufacturing Corporation, located in Houston, Texas. Mr. Dicks received a Bachelor s Degree from Oklahoma State University in 1969. None of the directors and officers is related to any other director or officer of the Company. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the officers or directors has been personally involved in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the directors or officers have been convicted in any criminal proceedings (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or are the subject of a criminal proceeding which is presently pending, nor have such persons been the subject of any order, judgment, or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining them from acting as an investment advisor, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or insurance company, or from engaging in or continuing in any conduct or practice in connection with any such activity or in connection with the purchase or sale of any security, nor were any of such persons the subject of a federal or state authority barring or suspending, for more than 60 days, the right of such person to be engaged in any such activity, which order has not been reversed or suspended. Audit Committee Financial Expert We do not have an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, serving on our audit committee because we have no audit committee and are not required to have an audit committee because we are not a listed security. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of the Company s Common Stock, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes of ownership of Common Stock of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on the Company s review of such forms received by it, or written representations from certain of such persons, the Company believes that, with respect to the year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to its officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were complied with. Code of Ethics The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, which is designed to promote honest and ethical conduct; full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure; and compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided to any person without charge upon written request to the Company at its executive offices, 10701 Corporate Drive, Suite 150, Stafford, Texas 77477. 26 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation. The following summary compensation tables set forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation for services in all capacities to the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, of those persons who were, (i) the chief executive officer and (ii) the other most highly compensated executive officers of the Company, whose annual base salary and bonus compensation was in excess of 100,000 (the named executive officers): Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) (1) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total Gary B. Aman, 2022 200,000 0 0 0 0 0 0 200,000 President and Acting Chief Executive Officer 2021 200,000 0 0 74,893 0 0 0 274,893 Richard B. Dicks 2022 150,000 0 0 0 0 0 0 150,000 Chief Financial Officer 2021 150,000 0 0 19,006 0 0 0 169,006 _____________ (1) Represents the dollar amount recognized for financial statement reporting purposes with respect to the fiscal year in accordance with ASC 718 in connection with options and warrants granted as compensation. Equity Awards The following table provides certain information concerning equity awards held by the named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END Option Awards Stock Awards Name No. of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (1) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable Option Exercise Price ) Option Expiration Date Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units Or Other Rights That Have Not Vested(#) Gary Aman 266,667 -0- 0.35 7/19/2023 -0- -0- 66,666 -0- 0.20 9/28/2023 -0- -0- 100,000 -0- 0.20 7/3/2026 -0- -0- 66,666 -0- 0.30 8/2/2026 -0- -0- 66,667 -0- 0.60 8/9/2026 -0- -0- 250,000 -0- 0.60 12/31/2026 -0- -0- 250,000 -0- 0.30 12/31/2026 -0- -0- 250,000 -0- 0.30 12/31/2026 -0- -0- Richard B. Dicks 64,200 -0- 0.35 7/19/2023 -0- -0- 50,000 -0- 0.20 9/28/2023 -0- -0- 75,000 -0- 0.20 7/3/2026 -0- -0- 50,000 -0- 0.30 8/2/2026 -0- -0- 50,000 -0- 0.60 8/9/2026 -0- -0- 100,000 -0- 0.60 12/31/2026 -0- -0- _____________ (1) Represents options and warrants which have been issued as compensation. Does not include information with respect to warrants to acquire 100,000 shares granted to Mr. Aman in 2011 as and for additional consideration for previous loans made to the Company. 27 Table of Contents 2003 Stock Option Plan In September 2003, our shareholders approved an employee stock option plan (the 2003 Option Plan authorizing the issuance of options to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of our common stock. In 2013, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2003 Option Plan was increased from 1,000,000 to 1,250,000 shares, and in 2018, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2003 Option Plan was increased from 1,250,000 to 1,750,000 shares. This plan is intended to give us greater ability to attract, retain, and motivate officers, key employees, directors and consultants; and is intended to provide us with the ability to provide incentives more directly linked to the success of our business and increases in shareholder value. As of December 31, 2022, there are outstanding options under the 2003 Option Plan to acquire up to 1,235,070 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 0.32 per share. Such options expire at dates ranging from July 19, 2023 to September 21, 2026. Other Options, Warrants or Rights We have no other outstanding options or rights to purchase any of our securities. However, as of December 31, 2022, we do have outstanding warrants to purchase up to 4,940,000 shares of our common stock. In addition, we do have outstanding convertible notes which are convertible into shares of our common stock under certain conditions. Employment Agreements - Executive Officers and Certain Significant Employees As of December 31, 2022, none of our officers and key employees are bound by employment agreements. We do not have any termination or change in control arrangements with any of our named executive officers. Compensation of Directors At the present time, directors receive no cash compensation for serving on the Board of Directors, other than reimbursement of reasonable expenses incurred in attending meetings. The following table provides certain summary information concerning the compensation paid to the Company s non-employee directors during fiscal 2022 for their services as such. All compensation paid to Mr. Aman is set forth in the Summary Compensation table above. Director Compensation Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) Stock Awards (S) Option Awards ) All Other Compensation ) (1) Total ) Jack D. Cowles 0 -0- 0 0 0 Thomas F. Donino 0 -0- 0 0 0 (1) Represents the dollar amount recognized for financial statement reporting purposes with respect to the fiscal year in accordance with ASC 718 in connection with warrants granted as compensation. 28 Table of Contents Indebtedness of Management No member of management was indebted to the Company during its last fiscal year. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth, as of April 17, 2023, certain information with regard to the beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock by (i) each stockholder owning beneficially 5 or more of the Company s Common Stock, (ii) each director of the Company, (iii) the Company s Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers, if any, of the Company whose total compensation was in excess of 100,000 (the named executive officers ), and (iv) all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group: Amount and Nature Name of Beneficial Owner of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class (1) Thomas F. Donino 19,499,562 (2) 49.5 Gary B. Aman 2,086,666 (3) 5.5 Jack D. Cowles 1,148,550 (4) 3.1 Richard B. Dicks 389,200 (5) 1.1 Estate of Dwaine Reese 3,565,000 (6) 9.8 All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (4 persons) 23,123,978 55.1 ______ (1) Applicable percentage ownership for each stockholder is based upon 36,380,690 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2022 plus any securities that the stockholder has the right to acquire pursuant to options, warrants, conversion privileges or other rights, except as otherwise reflected below. (2) Consists of 12,833,262 shares held by Mr. Donino individually or jointly with his wife; 46,500 shares held by Mr. Donino as custodian for his children; 2,450,000 shares held by BATL Bioenergy LLC BATL 1,131,300 shares held by BATL Management LP BATL Management 1,510,000 shares underlying warrants held by BATL; 275,000 shares underlying warrants held by BATL Management; and, 1,253,500 shares underlying warrants held by Mr. Donino. Does not include shares which may be acquired upon conversion of convertible promissory notes held by Mr. Donino and BATL. See Certain Relationships and Transactions and Corporate Governance . As the president and managing member of BATL and the sole officer, director and shareholder of BATL Management s general partner, Mr. Donino may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of shares owned by BATL and BATL Management. BATL Management is a family limited partnership whose members are certain relatives and trusts for the benefit of certain relatives of Mr. Donino. The address for Mr. Donino is 440 Via del Orso, Jupiter, Florida. (3) Consists of 670,000 shares held by Mr. Aman, 566,666 shares underlying options granted to him and 850,000 shares underlying warrants held by Mr. Aman. The address for Mr. Aman is 10701 Corporate Drive, Suite 150, Stafford, Texas. (4) Consists of 398,550 shares held by Mr. Cowles and 750,000 shares underlying warrants held by him. The address for Mr. Cowles is 30 Lansdowne Drive, Larchmont, New York. (5) Consists of 289,200 shares underlying options and 100,000 shares underlying warrants held by him. The address for Mr. Dicks is 10701 Corporate Drive, Suite 150, Stafford, Texas. (6) Consists of 3,565,000 shares held by Mr. Reese. Mr. Reese, former officer and director of the Company, died on May 5, 2017. The address for his estate is 2206 Country Creek Road, Richmond, Texas. 29 Table of Contents Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. On July 7, 2009, the Company entered into a 100,000 unsecured promissory note with an officer, due on demand. Interest is payable at 12 per annum. Also, on December 11, 2009, the Company entered into a 50,000 note with a shareholder/director. Interest is 5 per annum. The principal balance of the note was due on the earlier of December 11, 2013, or upon completion by the Company of equity financing in excess of 1.0 million in gross proceeds. Interest on the loan is payable on the maturity date at the rate of 5 per annum. These notes are now overdue for payment. On June 1, 2010, the Company entered into a 50,000 convertible promissory note Mr. Donino which was due on June 1, 2013 and accrues interest at 8.0 per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. The assignment of the conversion feature of the note resulted in a loan discount being recorded. The discount amount of 36,207 was fully amortized over the original thirty-six-month term of the debt as additional interest expense. This note is now overdue for payment. On June 1, 2010, the Company entered into 300,000 of convertible promissory notes Mr. Donino which was due on June 1, 2013 and accrues interest at 8.0 per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock the number of which is to be determined at that time. This note is now overdue for payment. On July 20, 2010, the Company entered into 400,000 convertible promissory notes with Mr. Donino and his affiliates which was due on July 20, 2013 and accrues interest at 8.0 per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. This note is now overdue for payment. On July 20, 2010, the Company entered into a 100,000 convertible promissory note with a shareholder which was due on July 20, 2013 and accrues interest at 8.0 per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. This note is now overdue for payment. On December 10, 2010, the Company entered into 150,000 of convertible promissory notes with Mr. Donino and his affiliates which was due on December 10, 2013 and accrues interest at 8.0 per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. This note is now overdue for payment. On June 20, 2011, the Company entered into a 150,000 convertible promissory note with Mr. Donino which shall be due and payable on June 20, 2014 and accrues interest at 8.0 per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. This note is now overdue for payment. 30 Table of Contents On October 20, 2011, the Company entered into a 70,000 convertible promissory note with Mr. Donino which was due on October 20, 2014 and accrues interest at 8.0 per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. This note is now overdue for payment. During the year ended December 31, 2018, Mr. Donino advanced 445,000 to the Company for working capital requirements. In addition, the Company reclassified a previous customer deposit of 37,500 originally received from Mr. Donino, made on behalf of a now deceased distributor, from customer deposits to shareholder deposits, as the original projected sale in question is no longer viable. The Company expects amounts advanced will be either (i) applied against a stock subscription to be issued at a future date or (ii) repaid at a future date as the parties shall determine. Until otherwise agreed, such amounts advanced have been recorded as an additional payable bearing no interest. During the year ended December 31, 2019, Mr. Donino advanced 570,000 to the Company for working capital requirements. The Company expects amounts advanced will be either (i) applied against a stock subscription to be issued at a future date or (ii) repaid at a future date as the parties shall determine. Until otherwise agreed, such amounts advanced have been recorded as an additional payable bearing no interest. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Mr. Donino advanced 625,000 to the Company for working capital requirements. The Company expects amounts advanced will be either (i) applied against a stock subscription to be issued at a future date or (ii) repaid at a future date as the parties shall determine. Until otherwise agreed, such amounts advanced have been recorded as an additional payable bearing no interest. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr. Donino advanced 435,000 to the Company for working capital requirements. The Company expects amounts advanced will be either (i) applied against a stock subscription to be issued at a future date or (ii) repaid at a future date as the parties shall determine. Until otherwise agreed, such amounts advanced have been recorded as an additional payable bearing no interest. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Donino advanced 620,000 to the Company for working capital requirements. The Company expects amounts advanced will be either (i) applied against a stock subscription to be issued at a future date or (ii) repaid at a future date as the parties shall determine. Until otherwise agreed, such amounts advanced have been recorded as an additional payable bearing no interest. Other than the foregoing, since January 1, 2022, there has not been, nor is there currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were or will be a party: (i) in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last three completed fiscal years; and (ii) in which any director, executive officer, shareholder who beneficially owns 5 or more of our common stock or any member of their immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Director Independence Our board of directors currently consists of three members. They are Gary B. Aman, Jack D. Cowles and Thomas F. Donino. Mr. Aman is currently the Company s Acting Chief Executive Officer and President. Messrs. Cowles and Donino are independent directors. We have determined their independence using the general independence criteria set forth in the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. 31 Table of Contents Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of the fees billed to us by (PCAOB ID ), the principal accountants to the Company, for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: Fee Category 2022 Fees 2021 Fees Audit Fees 85,490 80,525 Audit Related Fees 0 0 Tax Fees 0 0 All Other Fees 0 0 Total Fees 85,490 80,525 Audit Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the principal accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. Audit Related Fees. Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees . Tax Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include preparation of federal and state income tax returns. All Other Fees. Consists of fees for product and services other than the services reported above. Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures. Prior to engaging its accountants to perform a particular service, the Company s Board of Directors obtains an estimate for the service to be performed. All of the services described above were approved by the Board of Directors in accordance with its procedures. 32 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. The following documents are filed as part of this report: (1) Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements are annexed to this report. (2) Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules No financial statement schedules are included because such schedules are not applicable, are not required, or because required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. (3) Exhibits Incorporated by Reference to 2.1 Share Exchange Agreement Exhibit 2.1 (1) 2.2 Plan of Merger Exhibit 2.2 (2) 2.3 Article of Merger (Delaware) Exhibit 2.3 (2) 2.4 Articles of Merger (Washington) Exhibit 2.4 (2) 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (July 8, 2003 filing date) Exhibit 3.1 (2) 3.2 Bylaws Exhibit 3.2 (2) 4.1 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate Exhibit 4.1 (2) 4.2 Registrant s 2003 Stock Option Plan Exhibit 4.1 (3) 4.3 Registrant s 2005 Stock Compensation Plan Exhibit 99.1 (4) 4.4 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant granted to various persons at various times from August 2003 to date Exhibit 4.4 (5) 4.5 Warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares issued to BATL Bioenergy LLC Exhibit 4.2 (6) 4.6 Description of Securities Exhibit 4.6 (8) 10.1 Office Lease dated February 1, 2001 Exhibit 10.23 (2) 10.2 Twelfth Amendment to Lease Agreement 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant Exhibit 21.1 (7) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Exchange Act) 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 of the Exchange Act) 32.1 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) _______ Filed herewith. (1) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 23, 2003, and incorporated by reference herein. (2) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2, File No. 333-108872, and incorporated by reference herein. (3) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Schedule 14A filed on August 12, 2003, and incorporated by reference herein. (4) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, File No. 333-1258814, and incorporated by reference herein. (5) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2005, and incorporated by reference herein. (6) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2005, and incorporated by reference herein. (7) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2006, and incorporated by reference herein. (8) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 33 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. ENERTECK CORPORATION (Registrant) Dated: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Gary B. Aman Gary B. Aman President and Acting Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant, and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature Title Date /s/ Gary B. Aman President, 04/17/2023 Gary B. Aman Acting Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Richard B. Dicks Chief Financial Officer 04/17/2023 Richard B. Dicks (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Thomas F. Donino Chairman of the Board 04/17/2023 Thomas F. Donino and Director /s/ Jack D. Cowles Director 04/17/2023 Jack D. Cowles 34 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Enerteck Corporation Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enerteck Corporation and Subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Intellectual property impairment assessment. Refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company has recognized an intellectual property asset of 100,000 at December 31, 2022. The Company performs an impairment assessment when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intellectual property may not be recoverable. If a triggering event is identified, the Company compares the carrying amount of the intellectual property to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the intellectual property. If the carrying amount of the intellectual property exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, the Company measures the amount of the impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the intellectual property to its estimated fair value. We identified the evaluation of the Company s intellectual property for impairment as a critical audit matter. Subjective and challenging auditor judgement was required to evaluate certain assumptions used in determining the recoverability of this asset. Management s impairment analysis of its intellectual property was significant to our audit because the amounts are material to the consolidated financial statements. Auditing management s assessment is complex and involves significant judgment as the Company s ability to generate future cash flows and may be impacted by various economic and industry conditions. How we addressed the matter in our audit We obtained an understanding of the design and implementation of management s controls and evaluated the inputs used and significant assumptions underlying the impairment analysis. Our testing of the Company's impairment analysis included, among other procedures, evaluating the method used to develop the estimate, testing the accuracy and completeness of operating data used in the calculation, identifying projected revenues and future costs as significant assumptions, assessing the reasonableness of undiscounted future cash flows by comparison to current and historical performance, and performing sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions to evaluate the potential changes in the fair value estimate. /s/ Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P. We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. April 17, 2023 35 Table of Contents ENERTECK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Inventory Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses Total current assets Inventory, net of current portion Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities Accounts payable Customer advances Related party notes and advances Accrued compensation Accrued interest Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders' deficit Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares, none issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Common stock, par value, authorized shares, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 36 Table of Contents ENERTECK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues Cost of goods sold Gross profit General and administrative expenses Wages Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Other selling, general and administrative Total expenses Operating loss Other income (expense) Interest income Other income Interest expense Gain on forgiveness of debt Net loss Loss per common share Basic and diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 37 Table of Contents ENERTECK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Additional Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balances at December 31, 2020 Stock-based compensation - Net loss - Balances at December 31, 2021 Net loss - Balances at December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 38 Table of Contents ENERTECK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Bad debt expense Gain on forgiveness of debt Effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses Accounts payable Accrued interest Accrued compensation Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Payments on prepaid insurance financing Proceeds from notes payable Proceeds from related party notes and advances NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid for: Interest Non-cash financing activities: Financed portion of prepaid insurance The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 39 Table of Contents ENERTECK CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and include required blending costs to bring the Company s products to their finished state. , and , respectively. Management has provided allowances for doubtful accounts of , and as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and January 1, 2021, respectively. 40 Table of Contents to seven ) years. Maintenance and repairs that neither materially add to the value of the property nor appreciably prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred. Betterments or renewals are capitalized when incurred. years. Amortization expense was for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The remaining performance obligations on these contracts as of December 31, 2022 is . 41 Table of Contents Revenues - foreign Total revenues As stated above, the Company does not accept returns nor does it provide warranty on its product s performance, as control of performance is based on the proper utilization by the final user. The Company periodically tests the product manufactured prior to shipment for its proprietary quality standards and guarantees to the distributors that the product will always maintain the level of strict quality standard that is integral to the performance of its product for the end customer. The Company will provide a Certificate of Analysis, C of A on each shipment of its product, if requested by the customer. The C of A provides proof that the product is manufactured to meet chemical specifications that insure performance standards. 42 Table of Contents Ability to Continue as a Going Concern and , respectively. Further, most of the Company s notes payable are overdue and payment may be demanded at any time. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company s continuation as a going concern is contingent upon its ability to obtain additional financing and to generate revenues and cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis. The Company has been able to obtain cash in the past through private placements and issuing promissory notes and believes that these avenues will remain available to the Company. These financings are intended to mitigate the substantial doubt raised by our historical operating results and satisfying our estimated liquidity needs 12 months from the issuance of the consolidated financial statements. However, there is no certainty that additional financing can be obtained in the future at terms acceptable to the Company. 43 Table of Contents Equipment Less: accumulated depreciation Total property and equipment, net Depreciation expense totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 44 Table of Contents Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic and diluted Basic and diluted loss per share For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock warrants were excluded from diluted earnings per share because they are considered anti-dilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, stock options were excluded from diluted earnings per share because they are considered anti-dilutive. Further, the calculation of diluted weighted-average shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 exclude potential shares, related to the outstanding convertible notes payable, which if converted, would be anti-dilutive and would have a significant impact on the total number of shares outstanding, once exercised. 31, 2026. On July 3, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized and approved the extension of the expiration dates of warrants exercisable at per share that expired on to December 31, 2026. An additional warrants expired on August 9, 2021 that were not extended. On July 3, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized and approved the extension of the expiration dates of warrants exercisable at per share due to expire on to December 31, 2026. On July 3, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized and approved the extension of the expiration dates of warrants exercisable at per share due to expire on to December 31, 2026. On July 3, 2021, the Board of Directors also granted warrants to each of the three directors that have an exercise price of per share and expire on . 45 Table of Contents 0.75 0.30 The following assumptions were used to value the stock warrant grants for year ended December 31, 2021: Expected dividend yield - - Risk-free interest rates - Expected term (in years) - The computation of expected volatility during the year ended December 31, 2021 was based on historical volatility. Historical volatility was calculated from historical data for the time approximately equal to the expected term of the option award starting from the grant date. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the period corresponding with the expected life of the option. During the year ended December 31, 2021, was recognized as stock-based compensation associated with the issuance and extension of expired warrants. No stock-based compensation was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. Stock Options In September 2003, shareholders of the Company approved an employee stock option plan (the 2003 Option Plan authorizing the issuance of options to purchase up to shares of common stock. The 2003 Option Plan is intended to give the Company greater ability to attract, retain, and motivate officers, key employees, directors and consultants; and is intended to provide the Company with the ability to provide incentives more directly linked to the success of the Company s business and increases in shareholder value. On July 3, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized and approved the extension of the expiration dates of options exercisable at per share due to expire on for an additional term of five years, and authorized and approved the extension of options exercisable at per share due to expire on for an additional term of five years. In addition, on July 3, 2021, the Board also granted a total of options to employees which options have an exercise price of per share and expire five years thereafter, On July 21, 2021, the Board of Directors also authorized and approved the extension of options exercisable at per share due to expire on for an additional term of five years. 46 Table of Contents - Expired Granted Exercised - - Forfeited - - Balance as of December 31, 2021 - Expired - Granted - Exercised - - Forfeited - - Balance as of December 31, 2022 - Vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 - The following assumptions were used to value the stock option grants for nine months ended December 31, 2021: Expected dividend yield - - Risk-free interest rates - Expected term (in years) - The computation of expected volatility during the year ended December 31, 2021 was based on historical volatility. Historical volatility was calculated from historical data for the time approximately equal to the expected term of the option award starting from the grant date. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the period corresponding with the expected life of the option. During the year ended December 31, 2021, was recognized as stock-based compensation associated with the extension of expired options and the issuance of new options. No stock-based compensation was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. 47 Table of Contents at December 31, 2022 and . The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company has recorded no unrecognized tax benefits or related penalty and interest. Additionally, the Company does not expect any unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next twelve months. A reconciliation of the expected U.S. income tax expense (benefit) to income taxes is as follows: Change in valuation allowance Other Total income tax expense/(benefit) Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts reported for income tax purposes at the enacted tax rates in effect when the differences are anticipated to reverse. A deferred tax asset will be reduced by a valuation allowance when, based on the Company s estimates, it is more likely than not that a portion of those assets will not be realized in a future period. Components of deferred income taxes are as follows: Deferred compensation costs and other Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets/(liabilities) unsecured promissory note with an officer, due on demand. Interest is payable at per annum. Also, on December 11, 2009, the Company entered into a note with a shareholder/director. Interest is per annum. The principal balance of the note was due on the earlier of December 11, 2013, or upon completion by the Company of equity financing in excess of million in gross proceeds. Interest on the loan is payable on the maturity date at the rate of per annum. These notes are now overdue for payment. On June 1, 2010, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with a shareholder/director which was due on and accrues interest at per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. The assignment of the conversion feature of the note resulted in a loan discount being recorded. The discount amount of was fully amortized over the original thirty-six-month term of the debt as additional interest expense. This note is now overdue for payment. On June 1, 2010, the Company entered into of convertible promissory notes with a shareholder/director which was due on and accrues interest at per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock the number of which is to be determined at that time. This note is now overdue for payment. 48 Table of Contents convertible promissory notes with a shareholder/director which was due on and accrues interest at per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. This note is now overdue for payment. On July 20, 2010, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with a shareholder which was due on July 20, 2013 and accrues interest at per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. This note is now overdue for payment. On December 10, 2010, the Company entered into of convertible promissory notes with a shareholder/director which was due on and accrues interest at per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. This note is now overdue for payment. On June 20, 2011, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with a shareholder/director which shall be due and payable on and accrues interest at per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. This note is now overdue for payment. On October 20, 2011, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note with a shareholder/director which was due on and accrues interest at per annum payable at maturity and which may be converted at any time into shares of common stock. This note is now overdue for payment. During the year ended December 31, 2018, a shareholder/director advanced to the Company for working capital requirements. In addition, the Company reclassified a previous customer deposit of originally received from a shareholder/director, made on behalf of a now deceased distributor, from customer deposits to shareholder deposits, as the original projected sale in question is no longer viable. The Company expects amounts advanced will be either (i) applied against a stock subscription to be issued at a future date or (ii) repaid at a future date as the parties shall determine. Until otherwise agreed, such amounts advanced have been recorded as an additional payable bearing no interest. During the year ended December 31, 2019, a shareholder/director advanced to the Company for working capital requirements. The Company expects amounts advanced will be either (i) applied against a stock subscription to be issued at a future date or (ii) repaid at a future date as the parties shall determine. Until otherwise agreed, such amounts advanced have been recorded as an additional payable bearing no interest. During the year ended December 31, 2020, a shareholder/director advanced to the Company for working capital requirements. The Company expects amounts advanced will be either (i) applied against a stock subscription to be issued at a future date or (ii) repaid at a future date as the parties shall determine. Until otherwise agreed, such amounts advanced have been recorded as an additional payable bearing no interest. During the year ended December 31, 2021, a shareholder/director advanced to the Company for working capital requirements. The Company expects amounts advanced will be either (i) applied against a stock subscription to be issued at a future date or (ii) repaid at a future date as the parties shall determine. Until otherwise agreed, such amounts advanced have been recorded as an additional payable bearing no interest. During the year ended December 31, 2022, a shareholder/director advanced to the Company for working capital requirements. The Company expects amounts advanced will be either (i) applied against a stock subscription to be issued at a future date or (ii) repaid at a future date as the parties shall determine. Until otherwise agreed, such amounts advanced have been recorded as an additional payable bearing no interest. The Company determined it is not practicable to estimate the fair value of outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, as the outstanding debt is private, there is no clarity as to when interest payments or principal payments will ultimately be made (or be called by the debt holders), and the Company lacks the internal expertise to calculate fair value of these debt instruments and would incur excessive costs to obtain a third-party valuation. 49 Table of Contents million and million, respectively, to its chief executive officer and other employees of the Company. The CEO and employees agreed to salary deferrals pending available resources to make such payments. One of the Company s shareholders owns of BATL Trading, Inc., which is a distributor of EnerBurn. There was no activity during 2022 and 2021 between the Company and BATL or between the Company and the Shareholder. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had sales to related parties of 0. and , respectively, and is recorded within other selling, general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. Future minimum rentals due under non-cancelable operating leases are approximately as follow: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 50 Table of Contents of sales and represented of total accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, four distributors made up of sales and represented of total accounts receivable at December 31, 2021. . 51 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 etck_ex102.htm
 TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE AGREEMENT
 
 etck_ex102.htm EXHIBIT 10.2 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 etck_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 etck_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Gary B. Aman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EnerTeck Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Gary B. Aman Gary B. Aman, President and Acting Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 etck_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 etck_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Richard Dicks, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of EnerTeck Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statements of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonable likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Richard Dicks Richard Dicks, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 etck_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 etck_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of EnerTeck Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of the undersigned s knowledge, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Gary B. Aman Gary B. Aman, President and Acting Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Richard Dicks Richard Dicks, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 etck-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 etck-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 etck-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 etck-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

