<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_29952_0001683168-23-002462.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1995928</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78779</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>484692</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>429563</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>419210</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>538179</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002462.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417141327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002462
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHINA CHANGJIANG MINING & NEW ENERGY COMPANY, LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000029952
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTORS & GENERATORS [3621]
		IRS NUMBER:				752571032
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-05474
		FILM NUMBER:		23823581

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1907, NO. 1038 WEST NANJING ROAD
		CITY:			SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			200041
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 8833-1685

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ROOM 1907, NO. 1038 WEST NANJING ROAD
		CITY:			SHANGHAI
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			200041

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NORTH AMERICAN GAMING & ENTERTAINMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN NATURAL GAS CO/DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940324

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DOWDLE OIL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19800116

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002462.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 chji_i10k-123122.htm

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 _________________ 

FORM 

 _________________ 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 . 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission File Number: 

 _____________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 _____________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

- 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTC 

_________________ 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes No 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required
a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the
average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter was . 

As of April 15, 2023, there were shares
outstanding of the registrant s common stock. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 7 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 7 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 7 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 7 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market Price and Dividends on the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 8 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 10 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 10 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 11 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 11 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 11 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 11 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 13 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 14 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 14 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 14 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 15 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 15 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 16 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 

Signatures 
 29 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 

(a) Business Development 

The Company was organized under the laws of the
State of Nevada on September 19, 2009, under its current name. The Company was a development stage company with the goal of becoming
a design, engineer, construct, market and sell high-quality PV SEFs for commercial and utility applications to local markets. 

Prior to June 1, 2012, we were engaged in
exploration for commercially recoverable metal-bearing mineral deposits. On June 1, 2012, we entered into an agreement with Xunyang Yongjin
Mining Co., Ltd. to transfer our mining exploration rights for a cash payment. Further, on December 30, 2013, our subsidiary, Shaanxi
Changjiang Mining New Energy Co., Ltd Shaanxi Changjiang ), entered into Equity Transfer Agreements with officers of
the Company, whereby the Company s subsidiaries were sold off. 

Business operations for China Chingjiang Mining
 New Energy Energy Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries were abandoned by former management and a custodianship action, as described in
the subsequent paragraph, was commenced in 2020. The Company filed its last 10-Q in 2017, this financial report included liabilities and
debts. As of the date of this filing, these liabilities and debts have not been addressed and remain on the Company s books. 

On February 3, 2020, the Eighth District Court
of Clark County, Nevada granted the Application for Appointment of Custodian as a result of the absence of a functioning board of directors
and the revocation of the Company s charter. The order appointed Small Cap Compliance, LLC SCC custodian with the
right to appoint officers and directors, negotiate and compromise debt, execute contracts, issue stock, and authorize new classes of stock. 

The court awarded custodianship to Small Cap Compliance,
LLC (sole member is Rhonda Keaveney) based on the absence of a functioning board of directors, revocation of the company s charter,
and abandonment of the business. At this time, Ms. Keaveney was appointed sole officer and director. 

Upon appointment as custodian of CHJI and under
its duties stipulated by the Nevada court, SCC took initiative to organize the business of the issuer. As custodian, the duties were to
conduct daily business, hold shareholder meetings, appoint officers and directors, reinstate the company with the Nevada Secretary of
State. SCC also had authority to enter into contracts and find a suitable merger candidate. SCC was compensated for its role as custodian
in the amount of 1,000,000 shares of Convertible Series C Preferred Stock. SCC did not receive any additional compensation, in the form
of cash or stock, for custodian services. The custodianship was discharged on May 18, 2020. 

On August 23, 2020, SCC entered into a Stock Purchase
Agreement with Bridgeview Capital Partners, LLC whereby Bridgeview Capital Partners, LLC purchased 1,000,000 shares of Convertible Series
C Preferred Stock. These shares represent the controlling block of stock. Ms. Keaveney resigned his position of sole officer and director
and appointed Dr. Chongyi Yang as CEO, Treasurer, Secretary, and Director of the Company. 

Bridgeview Capital Partners, LLC is controlled by Michael Dobbs and
Sean Lanci. 

On August 23, 2020, Bridgeview Capital Partners,
LLC entered into a Stock Purchase with Cathay Capital Management Inc. Cathay whereby Cathay purchased 1,000,000 shares
of Convertible Series C Preferred Stock. Chongyi Yang is the control person for Cathay. 

The Company transitioned from mining to clean new energy. Our current
business is focused on the solar photovoltaic, or PV . 

When the sun shines onto a solar panel, energy from the sunlight
is absorbed by the PV cells in the panel. This energy creates electrical charges that move in response to an internal electrical
field in the cell, causing electricity to flow. 

Concentrating solar-thermal power (CSP) systems use mirrors to reflect
and concentrate sunlight onto receivers that collect solar energy and convert it to heat, which can then be used to produce electricity
or stored for later use. It is used primarily in very large power plants. 

1 

The Company s green energy business unit is committed to providing
customers and partners with professional and comprehensive green new energy project solution services. 

We build rural revitalization smart new energy photovoltaic. Specifically
we will focus on 5G smart street lamp energy storage and charging, integrated charging stations and rural new energy vehicles, low-carbon
parks, and commercial and household rooftop photovoltaic green power. 

Industry overview 

Solar photovoltaic energy is an emerging, clean energy industry with
a growing market share. Application of solar energy in developed countries such as Germany and Japan, are relatively comprehensive and
mature. At the present time, the Chinese PV downstream market is still in the initial stages of development, though most of the PV modules
are manufactured in China. 

China's solar PV module manufacturers were hit by the European Union
and the United States anti-dumping sanctions. Businesses and governments are trying to find better alternative applications market to
absorb the huge domestic surplus solar PV capacity. The untapped domestic PV downstream market is one of the best ways to absorb the surplus
production capacity. 

The Chinese government is encouraging the construction of a large PV
base and the development of distributed photovoltaic. Currently, we mainly focus on the development of distributed photovoltaic power
generation projects. 

We believe the next few years will show protracted continued growth
in the PV solar market. Government policies, in the form of both regulation and incentives, have accelerated the adoption of solar technologies
by businesses and consumers and have provided opportunities for developers to construct PV systems as an alternative to more traditional
forms of power generation. 

Our Industry and Principal Market 

Sales and Marketing 

We are establishing a sales and marketing department which is focused
on identifying and establishing relationships with entities that are likely to have a need for our products and services. 

Our products and services are expected to be largely represented through
our Company's sales force located in China 

Current Business Operations 

At the present time, our focus is on serving the local solar PV generation
market. 

The following chart illustrates our distributed solar PV business
model. 

2 

Solar PV Industry 

General 

Though we may be a new participant in solar PV industry, we also realized
that the local downstream market of solar PV industry was as new as we are. Experience in some developed countries has shown that there
should be a business opportunity in China's PV downstream market in the near future. 

Each of our EPC projects is a strategic long-term investment, with
relatively low risk, a stable cash inflow can be generated and little ongoing maintenance costs would be incurred once the project begins
operations. 

Competition 

We anticipate that our competitors in the solar PV markets will be
local and regional EPC contractors and developers. Other companies in China that engage in solar PV power generation that we consider
to be likely competitors, include: Xi'an Huanghe Photovoltaic Technology Co., Ltd., Shaanxi Tuori New Energy Technology Limited, and Shaanxi
Changling Electric Co., Ltd., etc. These competitors have more experience in the operation of solar PV energy and have superior financial
resources than we do. 

The entire solar industry also faces competition from other power generation
sources, both conventional sources as well as other emerging technologies. Solar power has certain advantages and disadvantages when compared
to other power generating technologies. The advantages include the ability to deploy products in many sizes and configurations, provide
reliable power for many applications, serve as both a power generator and the skin of a building and eliminate air, water and noise emissions.
The disadvantages mainly came from the relatively high cost of power generation. 

The cost of electricity generated by PV products currently is very
close to the cost of electricity generated from conventional power such as coal and hydropower in Chinese markets. A significant reduction
in the scope or discontinuation of government incentive programs could cause demand for our products and our revenue to decline, and have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

As an emerging industry, the rapid growth of the solar PV could reduce
the intensity of competition from alternative products and services. 

In the near term, mature government subsidy roadmaps from the government
have led developers to be aggressive with their solar installations so that they can enjoy better economic returns. Cost reductions of
solar installations have proven to be viable and have also led to aggressive solar installation. In the long run, we believe that solar
energy continues to have significant future growth potential and that demand for our products and services will continue to grow significantly
for the following reasons: 

increasing demand for renewable energies, including solar energy, due to the finiteness of fossil fuels and concerns over nuclear power; 

increasing environmental awareness leading to regulations and taxes aimed at limiting emissions from fossil fuels; 

continued adoption or maintenance of government incentives for solar energy at all level of Chinese government; 

narrowing cost differentials between solar energy and conventional energy sources due to market-wide decreases in the average selling prices for PV products driven by lower raw materials costs and increased production efficiencies; and 

continued improvements in the conversion efficiency of PV products leading to lower costs per watt of electricity generated, making solar energy more efficient and cost-effective. 

3 

PV Government Regulation 

This section sets forth a summary of the most significant regulations
or requirements that affect our business activities in China. 

Regulations issued or implemented by the State Council, China's National
Development and Reform Commission NDRC ), and other relevant government authorities cover many aspects of new energy industry,
including, but not limited to the following principal regulations: 

Renewable Energy Law 

On December 26, 2009, China revised its Renewable Energy Law,
which originally became effective on January 1, 2006. The revised Renewable Energy Law became effective on April 1, 2010 and
has laid the legal foundation for developing renewable energy in China. These laws lay the foundation for future regulation. 

Renewable Energy Law clearly stipulates the following principles for
the development of new energy: 

To encourage and support the use of solar and other renewable energy and the use of on-grid generation. 

To encourage the installation and use of solar energy water-heating systems, solar energy heating and cooling systems, solar PV systems and other solar energy utilization systems. 

To authorize the relevant pricing authorities to set favorable prices for the purchase of electricity generated by solar and other renewable power generation systems. 

To provide financial incentives, such as national funding, preferential loans and tax preferences for the development of renewable energy projects. 

Historical Government Directives 

In January 2006, the NDRC promulgated two implementation directives
of the Renewable Energy Law. These directives set forth specific measures in setting prices for electricity generated by solar and other
renewal power generation systems and in sharing additional expenses occurred. The directives further allocate the administrative and supervisory
authorities among different government agencies at the national and provincial levels and stipulate responsibilities of electricity grid
companies and power generation companies with respect to the implementation of the Renewable Energy Law. 

China's Ministry of Construction issued a directive in June of
2005, which seeks to expand the use of solar energy in residential and commercial buildings and encourages the increased application of
solar energy in townships. In addition, China's State Council promulgated a directive in June of 2005, which sets forth specific
measures to conserve energy resources and encourage exploration, development and use of solar energy in China's western areas, which are
not fully connected to electricity transmission grids, and other rural areas. 

In July 2007, the PRC State Electricity Regulatory Commission
issued the Supervision Regulations on the Purchase of All Renewable Energy by Power Grid Enterprises which became effective on September 1,
2007. To promote the use of renewable energy for power generation, the regulations require that electricity grid enterprises must in a
timely manner set up connections between the grids and renewable power generation systems and purchase all the electricity generated by
renewable power generation systems. The regulations also provide that power dispatch institutions shall give priority to renewable power
generation companies in respect of power dispatch services provision. 

On September 4, 2006, China's Ministry of Finance and Ministry
of Construction jointly promulgated the Interim Measures for Administration of Special Funds for Application of Renewable Energy in Building
Construction, which provides that the Ministry of Finance will arrange special funds to support the application of renewable energy in
building construction in order to enhance building energy efficiency, protect the ecological environment and reduce the consumption of
fossil energy. These special funds provide significant support for the application of solar energy in hot water supply, refrigeration
and heating, PV technology and lighting integrated into building construction materials. 

4 

On October 28, 2007, the Standing Committee of the National People's
Congress adopted amendments to the PRC Energy-saving Law, which sets forth policies to encourage the conservation of energy in manufacturing,
civic buildings, transportation, government agents and utilities sectors. The amendments also seek to expand the use of the solar energy
in construction areas. 

In March 2009, China's Ministry of Finance promulgated the Interim
Measures for Administration of Government Subsidy Funds for Application of Solar Photovoltaic Technology in Building Construction, or
the Interim Measures, to support the demonstration and the promotion of solar PV applications in China. Local governments are encouraged
to issue and implement supporting policies for the development of solar PV technology. These Interim Measures set forth subsidy funds
set at RMB 20 per watt for 2009 to cover solar PV systems integrated into building construction that have a minimum capacity of 50 kilowatt
peak. 

In April 2009, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Housing
and Urban-Rural Development jointly issued the Guidelines for Declaration of Demonstration Project of Solar Photovoltaic Building
Applications. These guidelines created a subsidy of up to RMB 20 per watt for building integrated PV or BIPV projects using solar-integrated
building materials and components and up to RMB 15 per watt for BIPV projects using solar-integrated materials for rooftops or walls. 

In July 2010, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development
issued the City Illumination Administration Provisions or the Illumination Provision. The Illumination Provisions encourage
the installation and use of renewable energy system such as PV systems in the process of construction and re-construction of city illumination
projects. 

On March 8, 2011, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of
Housing and Urban-Rural Development jointly promulgated the Notice on Further Application of Renewable Energy in Building Construction,
which aims to raise the percentage of renewable energy used in buildings. 

On March 27, 2011, the NDRC promulgated the revised Guideline Catalogue
for Industrial Restructuring which categorizes the solar power industry as an encouraged item. 

On March 14, 2012, the Ministry of Finance, the NDRC and the National
Energy Bureau jointly issued the interim measures for the management of additional subsidies for renewable-energy power prices, according
to which relevant renewable-energy power generation enterprises are entitled to apply for subsidies for their renewable power generation
projects that satisfy relevant requirements set forth in the measures. 

On March 1, 2013, China's State Council issued the Twelfth
Five Year Plan. The plan supports the promotion and development of renewable energy, including the solar energy. The plan also encourages
the development of solar PV power stations in the areas with abundant solar power resource. 

On November 18, 2013, the National Energy Bureau issued The Interim
Measures for the management of distributed photovoltaic power generation projects . The regulation contributes to promote the application
of distributed photovoltaic power and regulate the projects management. 

On November 26, 2013, the Ministry of Finance announced that the power
generated by its own distributed PV power generation project could be exempted from imposing government fee, such as renewable energy
surcharges, fee for major national water conservancy construction, etc. 

In January, 2014, the National Energy Administration of China
announced the PV installation target for 2014 to be 14GW, which includes 8GW for distributed PV systems and 6GW for large scale PV power
plants. 

In the same month, the National Energy Administration of China
released a list of 81 New Energy Demonstration Cities and eight industrial demonstration parks in 28
and 8 provinces respectively. These cities and zones are required to achieve their respective mandatory targets in terms of solar
PV installations and the percentage of installed renewable energy power generation capacities by the end of 2015, or the end of the 12th
Five-Year-Plan. 

In February 2014, the Certification and Accreditation Administration
and the National Energy Administration jointly issued the Implementation Opinions on Strengthening the Testing and Certification
of PV Products. The implementation opinions provide that only certified PV products may be connected to the public grid or receive
government subsidies. The institutions that certify PV products must be approved by the Certification and Accreditation Administration.
According to the implementation opinions, PV products that are subject to certification include PV battery parts, inverters, control devices,
confluence devices, energy storage devices and independent PV systems. 

5 

In December, 2014, the National Energy Administration of China
released a list of 30 distributed solar photovoltaic industrial application demonstration zone to encourage the development
of distributed solar PV industry. 

On January 28, 2015, the NEA of China announced the target for
national solar installations in 2015 to be 15GW, 8GW of which would be targeted for utility scale, 7GW for distributed generation. 

On December 24, 2015, the National Development and Reform Commission
promulgated the Notice on the improvement of photovoltaic electricity price, which announced a new standard on-grid price implemented
from January 1, 2016 for solar PV electricity. 

On December 15, 2015, the National Energy Bureau announced the annual
plan for the development of solar PV. The solar power installed capacity will reach 160GW, and total annual investment will reach 200
billion RMB for 2016, in the light of the plan. 

Effect of Existing Securities and Exchange Commission Regulations
on the Business 

We were subject to the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
Under the Exchange Act, we are required to file with the SEC annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports
on Form 8-K. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act creates a strong and independent accounting oversight board to oversee the conduct of auditors of
public companies and to strengthen auditor independence. It also (1) requires steps be taken to enhance the direct responsibility of senior
members of management for financial reporting and for the quality of financial disclosures made by public companies; (2) establishes clear
statutory rules to limit, and to expose to public view, possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; (3) creates guidelines
for audit committee members appointment, and compensation and oversight of the work of public companies auditors; (4) prohibits
certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; and (5) establishes a federal crime of securities fraud, among other provisions. 

We are also subject to Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, which requires
all companies with securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to comply with the rules and regulations of the
SEC regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to our stockholders at a special or annual meeting
thereof or pursuant to a written consent requires us to provide our stockholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C
of Regulation 14A. Preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least 10 days prior to the date that definitive
copies of this information are provided to our stockholders. 

Employees 

The Company currently has two executive officers Dr. Chongyi Yang serves
as Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary. Chunsheng Qin services as President. 

Management of the Company expects to use consultants, attorneys and
accountants as necessary, and it is not expected that the Company will have any full-time or other employees, except as may be the result
of completing a transaction. 

Intellectual Property 

As of the date of this report, we do not own any
patents, trademarks, licenses, franchises, concessions, and royalty agreements, or other intellectual property contracts. 

Available Information 

Our Periodic Reports including Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other reports, and amendments to those reports, and other forms that we file with or furnish
to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are available to review on the SEC s EDGAR website. 

Corporate Governance 

In accordance with and pursuant to relevant related
rules and regulations of the SEC, the Board of Directors of the Company has established and periodically update our corporate governance
guide, which is applicable to all directors, officers and employees of the Company. We have not yet established an audit committee of
our board of directors. 

6 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2. 
 Properties 

We do not own any property but rent office space. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 

There are not any material pending legal proceedings to which the Registrant
is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such proceedings are known to the Registrant to be threatened or contemplated
against it. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

N/A 

7 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market Price and Dividends on the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

(a) Market information. 

Our Common Stock is not trading on any stock exchange.
It is listed, but not quoted, OTC Markets under the symbol CHJI and there is no established public trading market for the class of common
equity. 

Fiscal Year 2022 
 HIGH 
 LOW 
 
 First Quarter (Jan.1, 2022 March 31, 2022) 
 .02 
 .019 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1, 2022 June 30, 2022) 
 .058 
 .011 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1, 2022 Sept. 30, 2022) 
 .058 
 .016 
 
 Fourth Quarter (Oct. 1, 2022 Dec. 31, 2022) 
 .125 
 .016 
 
 Fiscal Year 2021 

First Quarter (Jan.1, 2021 March 31, 2021) 
 .09 
 .07 
 
 Second Quarter (April 1, 2021 June 30, 2021) 
 .09 
 .02 
 
 Third Quarter (July 1, 2021 Sept. 30, 2021) 
 .05 
 .013 
 
 Fourth Quarter (Oct. 1, 2021 Dec. 31, 2021) 
 .06 
 .02 

Holders 

(b) Holders. 

As of April 15, 2022, there are approximately
3,581 holders of an aggregate of 64,629,559 shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

(c) Dividends. 

We have not declared any cash dividends on our Common Stock since our
inception and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain any future earnings for use in our
business. Any decisions as to future payments of dividends will depend on our earnings and financial position and such other facts, as
the Board of Directors deems relevant. 

(d) Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans. 

We have not adopted an equity compensation plan and no securities have
been authorized or reserved for issuance under any equity compensation plan. 

Description of Securities 

The following description is a summary of the
material terms of the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. The Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws have been filed
with the SEC as exhibits to our registration statement on Form 10. 

Common Stock 

We are authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares
of Common Stock with 0.01 par value per share. As of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there were 64,629,559 shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding. 

Each share of Common Stock entitles the holder
to one vote, either in person or by proxy, at meetings of stockholders. Accordingly, the holders of our Common Stock who hold, in the
aggregate, more than fifty percent of the total voting rights can elect all of our directors and, in such event, the holders of the remaining
minority shares will not be able to elect any of such directors. The vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares
of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon is sufficient to authorize, affirm, ratify or consent to such act or action, except as otherwise
provided by law. 

8 

Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive
ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available. We have not paid any dividends
since our inception, and we presently anticipate that all earnings, if any, will be retained for development of our business. Any future
disposition of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings,
operating and financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors. 

Holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive
rights or other subscription rights, conversion rights, redemption or sinking fund provisions. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or windup,
the holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to share ratably in the net assets legally available for distribution to stockholders
after the payment of all of our debts and other liabilities. There are not any provisions in our Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws
that would prevent or delay change in our control. 

Our stock transfer agent is Securities Transfer Corporation., located
at 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380, Plano, TX 75093. 

Preferred Stock 

Our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, authorizes the issuances
of up to 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock with the following designations, rights and preferences: 

One (1) share of the as Convertible Series C Preferred Stock shall
be converted into one thousand (1,000) shares of common stock of the Corporation and entitled to one thousand (1,000) votes of common
stock for every one (1) share of as Convertible Series A Preferred Stock owned. The holders of the Convertible Series C Preferred Stock
shall not be entitled to receive dividends. 

From time to time its Board of Directors may amend the Preferred class
of stock. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue Preferred Stock with dividend, liquidation,
conversion, voting, or other rights, which could adversely affect the voting power or, other rights of the holders of the Common Stock.
In the event of issuance, the Preferred Stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or
preventing a change in control of the Company. 

At this time there are 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock authorized
as Convertible Series C Preferred Stock and 1,000,000 are issued and outstanding. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. We shall continue
to be deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of: 

1. 
 the last day of our first fiscal five years after filing the Form 10 

2. 
 the last day of our fiscal year during which we had annual gross revenues are 1 billion or more; 

3. 
 the date on which we have, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or 

4. 
 the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer , as defined in section 240.12b-2 of title 46, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. 

As an emerging growth company, we are exempt from
Section 404(a) and (b) of Sarbanes Oxley. Section 404(a) requires issuers to publish information in their annual reports concerning the
scope and adequacy of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. This statement shall also assess the effectiveness
of such internal controls and procedures. Section 404(b) requires that the registered accounting firm shall, in the same report, attest
to and report on the assessment and the effectiveness of the internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. 

As an emerging growth company, we are also exempt
from Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange Act, which require the stockholder approval of executive compensation and golden parachutes.
These exemptions are also available to us as a Smaller Reporting Company. 

9 

We have elected to use the extended transition
period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of the Jobs Act, that allows us to delay the adoption
of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply
to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public
company effective dates. 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

N/A 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

INTRODUCTION 

This section provides management s discussion
of the financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations of China Changjiang Mining New Energy Company,
Ltd. with specific information on results of operations and liquidity and capital resources. It includes management s interpretation
of our financial results, the factors affecting these results, the major factors expected to affect future operating results and future
investment and financing plans. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

Cautionary Statement for the Purposes of
the Safe Harbor under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 

The statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report are
forward-looking statements made in good faith by us and are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used in this Report, or any other of our documents or oral presentations, the words
 anticipate , believe , estimate , expect , forecast , goal ,
 intend , objective , plan , projection , seek , strategy 
or similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the statements relating to our strategy, operations,
markets, services, and other factors all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, while
we believe these forward-looking statements to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that they will approximate actual experience or
that the expectations derived from them will be realized. Further, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Results of Operations for China Changjiang Mining New Energy
Company, Ltd.. Comparison of the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

We had no revenues from operations during either 2022 or 2021. 

Selling and General Administrative Expense 

General and Administrative Expenses were 0 for the year ended December
31, 2022 compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an decrease of 0. 

Other Income(expense) 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we gained 371,024
from foreign exchange compared to loss of 119,757 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 490,781. 

10 

Net Profit/Loss 

We had a net profit of 371,024 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
compared to a net loss 119,757 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 0 of cash, 3,728,658 in liabilities,
and an accumulated deficit of 19,918,801. We used zero of cash in operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and received net proceeds
from financing of 0. 

The financial statements accompanying this Report have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course
of our business. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, we have not yet generated any revenue, had a net profit of 371,024
and have an accumulated stockholders deficit of 19,918,801 as of December 31, 2022. These factors raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to raise additional
funds and implement our business plan. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable
to continue as a going concern. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or
interest rate risk. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and
is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

N/A 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable
assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance
level. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting.
Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management regarding the preparation and fair presentation
of published financial statements. 

11 

Our management, consisting of our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will
prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, misstatements, errors, and instances
of fraud, if any, within our company have been or will be prevented or detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that
judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system
of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness
to future periods are subject to risks that internal controls may become inadequate as a result of changes in conditions, or through the
deterioration of the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management's Assessment Regarding Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

At the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including the
Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a 15(e) and Rule 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in ensuring that: (i) information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports
that it files or submits to the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow for
accurate and timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
due primarily to a material weakness in the segregation of duties in the Company s internal control of financial reporting as discussed
below. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries) and all related
information appearing in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 

Management conducted an evaluation of the design
and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on the criteria
in a framework developed by the Company s management pursuant to and in compliance with the criteria established. This evaluation
included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, walkthroughs of the operating effectiveness
of controls and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective, because management identified a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting related to the segregation of duties as described below. 

While the Company does adhere to internal controls
and processes that were designed, it is difficult with a very limited staff to maintain appropriate segregation of duties in the initiating
and recording of transactions, thereby creating a segregation of duties weakness. Due to: (i) the significance of segregation of duties
to the preparation of reliable financial statements; (ii) the significance of potential misstatement that could have resulted due to the
deficient controls; and (iii) the absence of sufficient other mitigating controls, we determined that this control deficiency resulted
in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement or lack of disclosure within the annual or interim financial statements
may not be prevented or detected. 

12 

Management s Remediation Initiatives 

Management has evaluated, and continues to evaluate,
avenues for mitigating our internal controls weaknesses, but mitigating controls to completely mitigate internal control weaknesses have
been deemed to be impractical and prohibitively costly, due to the size of our organization at the current time. Management expects to
continue to use reasonable care in following and seeking improvements to effective internal control processes that have been and continue
to be in use at the Company. 

Changes in internal controls over financial
reporting 

There were no changes in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred prior to the Company s most recent financial quarter that materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 

N/A 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

N/A 

13 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our Officers and directors and additional information concerning them
are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 
 
 Dr. Chongyi Yang 

61 

CEO, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 

Officer Bios 

Dr. Yang Chong Yi, Chief Executive Officer 

Dr. Yang Chong Yi is experienced in both governmental and private sectors,
specializing in investment banking, and merger and acquisitions. Dr. Yang has held the following positions: 

Deputy Chief in the Bureau of Commodity Price in Shanghai Development and Reform Center 

Associate Director in Hongkong First Eastern Investment Group 

General Manager in Shanghai First Food Investment Management Company 

Managing Director of a state-owned private equity fund 

Dr. Yang also has experience consulting businesses in preparation for
IPOs on listings on NASDAQ in addition to consulting commercial complex projects in the cities of New York and Los Angeles. 

Dr. Yang Chong Yi is the author of Winning at Quitting 
and The Economics of Popularity and Visiting Professor at Shanghai Lixin Institute of Finance and Accounting, a Distinguished
Research Institution at the Economic Development Research Center of the Shanghai Municipal Government. Lastly, Dr. Yang is Executive Secretary
of the Financial and Economic Committee (Shanghai) of the US-China International Chamber of Commerce. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

For each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 there
was no direct compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid by us to any of our executive officers. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

(a) Security ownership of certain beneficial owners. 

The following table sets forth, as of December 31,
2022, the number of shares of common stock owned of record and beneficially by our executive officer, director and persons who beneficially
own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Amount and 
 Nature of 
 Beneficial Ownership 

Percentage 
 of Class 

Cathay Capital Management Inc./Dr. Congyi Yang is the control person 
 
 1,000,000 Preferred C Shares 
 
 100 

19F, No.38 West Nanjing Road 

Jing An District, Shanghai 

China 200041 

14 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

N/A 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

BFBorgers CPA PC BFB served as the Company s
independent auditor for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The following table presents fees billed for
professional audit services rendered by BFB in connection with its audits of the Company s annual financial statements for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fees billed to the CHJI by BFB during 2022 and 2021 were the following: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Audit Fees 
 16,500 
 12,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees (auditor admin. Fees) 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total Fees 
 16,500 
 12,000 

As used in the table above, the following terms have the meanings set
forth below. 

Audit Fees 

The fees for professional services rendered in connection with the
audit of the Company s annual financial statements, for the review of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10 and for services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related Fees 

The fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements. 

Tax Fees 

The fees for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax
advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees 

The fees for products and services provided, other than for the services
reported under the headings Audit Fees, Audit Related Fees and Tax Fees. The Company has adopted
a policy regarding the services of its independent auditors under which our independent accounting firm is not allowed to perform any
service which may have the effect of jeopardizing the registered public accountant s independence. Without limiting the foregoing,
the independent accounting firm shall not be retained to perform the following: 

Bookkeeping or other services related to the accounting records or financial statements 

Financial information systems design and implementation 

Appraisal or valuation services, fairness opinions or contribution-in-kind reports 

Actuarial services 

Internal audit outsourcing services 

Management functions 

Broker-dealer, investment adviser or investment banking services 

Legal services 

Expert services unrelated to the audit 

15 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

No. 
 
 Description 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

32.2 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

101 
 
 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, formatted in inline XBRL, include: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

16 

CHINA CHANGJIANG MINING NEW ENERGY COMPANY,
LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Audited) 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 18 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 19 

Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 20222 and 2021 
 20 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 21 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 22 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 23 

17 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of China Changjiang Mining New Energy Company, Ltd. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of China Changjiang Mining New Energy Company, Ltd. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders'
equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current-period
audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. 

We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/S/ (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021 

April 13, 2023 

18 

CHINA CHANGJIANG MINING NEW ENERGY COMPANY,
LTD. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

As at 

Dec. 31, 2022 
 Dec. 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Cash and equivalents 

Total current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Other payable and accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Due to related parties 

Due to Shareholders 

Total non-current liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Series C convertible preferred stock par value, shares authorized, shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021) 

Common stock 
 par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021) 

Treasury stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial
statements 

19 

CHINA CHANGJIANG MINING 
NEW ENERGY COMPANY, LTD. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the years ended 

Dec. 31, 2022 
 Dec. 31, 2021 
 
 OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSE) 

Compensation expenses 

Foreign exchange gains/ (losses), net 

Other income 

Total other income/(expense) 

Net profit/ (loss) 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial
statements 

20 

CHINA CHANGJIANG MINING 
NEW ENERGY COMPANY, LTD. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Series C convertible preferred stock 
 Common Stock 
 Treasury 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, January 1, 2021 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial
statements 

21 

CHINA CHANGJIANG MINING 
NEW ENERGY COMPANY, LTD. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended 

Dec. 31,
 2022 
 Dec. 31,
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Compensation expenses for Preferred C Shares 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 

Due to shareholders 

Cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Investment received from Preferred C shares issued 

Cash generated from financing activities 

Net change in cash and equivalents 

Cash and equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and equivalents, end of period 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited financial
statements 

22 

CHINA CHANGJIANG MINING 
NEW ENERGY COMPANY, LTD. 

 Notes to Financial Statements

On February 9, 2010, we filed a Certificate of
Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation to effect a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of our common stock. The 1-for-10 reverse split was
approved by FINRA on July 30, 2010, effective August 2, 2010. 

The Company was reincorporated from the state
of Delaware to the state of Nevada with the intent to effect a statutory merger of the Delaware corporation North American Gaming
and Entertainment Corporation into China Changjiang and to swap all issued and outstanding shares in the Delaware corporation for
comparable shares in China Changjiang and dissolve the Delaware corporation. 

The merger of North American and Wah Bon was treated
for accounting purposes as a capital transaction and recapitalization by Wah Bon (the accounting acquirer and re-organization
by North American (the accounting acquiree ). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared as if the reorganization
had occurred retroactively. 

On February 4, 2008, we acquired Wah Bon and its
three subsidiaries: Shaanxi Pacific; Shaanxi Changjiang and East Mining. Wah Bon owns 100 of Shaanxi Pacific. Shaanxi Pacific owns 97.2 
of Shaanxi Changjiang; and Shaanxi Changjiang owns 60 of East Mining. The minority interests represent the minority shareholders' 2.8 
and 40 share of the results of Shaanxi Changjiang and East Mining respectively. 

The Company established a subsidiary, named Shaanxi
Weinan Changjiang Solar Photovoltaic Energy Applied Science and Technology Co., Ltd. Changjiang PV in April 2012. The Company's
subsidiary, Shaanxi Changjiang accounted for 51 shares of Changjiang PV, and Mr. Zhang Hong Jun, the director and principal shareholder
of the Company, accounted for the other 49 shares. 

On December 30, 2013, the Company transferred
all of its 60 equity of East Mining to its director and principal shareholder, Mr. Zhang Hong Jun and one of its shareholders, Mr. Wang
Sheng Li with a consideration of 885,696 (RMB 5,400,000). Each of the acquirers obtained 30 equity of East Mining in this transaction.
There is no gain or loss recognized because this is a transaction between entities under common control. 

Prior to January 1, 2019, the Company divested
all of its subsidiaries, and de-registered Wah Bon in 2020. 

The Company s main business is in the transitional
period from mining to clean new energy, and mainly focus on the solar photovoltaic, or PV , downstream market at present
stage. The Company is not actively trading during the current reporting period. 

Level 1: Quoted market prices
available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level 2: Pricing inputs other
than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3: Pricing inputs that
are generally unobservable inputs and not corroborated by market data. The carrying amount of the Company s financial assets and
liabilities, such as prepaid expenses and accrued expenses approximate their fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

outstanding common shares and potentially dilutive shares, respectively,
from convertible preferred stock; however, these shares have not been considered in the weighted average share calculation as their inclusion
would be anti-dilutive due to the net loss for the year ended. 

as at December 31, 2022.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

In addition to operational
expenses, as the Company executes its business plan, it is incurring expenses related to complying with its public reporting requirements.
In order to finance these expenditures, the Company has raised capital in the form of debt, which will have to be repaid, as discussed
in detail below. The Company has depended on loans from related parties and shareholders for most of its operating capital. The Company
will need to raise capital in the next twelve months in order to remain in business. 

Management anticipates that
significant dilution will occur as a result of any future sales of the Company s common stock and this will reduce the value of
its outstanding shares. The Company cannot project the future level of dilution that will be experienced by investors as a result of its
future financings, but it will significantly affect the value of its shares. 

The accompanying financial
statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or
the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 

Salaries and welfares payable 

Other payables 

Total 

Heyang County Huanghe Bay Resort Hotel Co., Ltd., controlled by Zhang Hongjun, director and principal shareholder of the Company 

Shaanxi Huanghe Bay Ecological Agriculture Co., Ltd., controlled by Zhang Hongjun, director and principal shareholder of the Company 

Baishui Dukang Brand Management Co., Ltd., controlled by Zhang Hongjun, director and principal shareholder of the Company 

Shaanxi Dukang Liquor Group Co., Ltd., controlled by Zhang Hongjun, director and principal shareholder of the Company 

Shaanxi Xi Deng Hui Development Stock Co., Ltd., 29.74 equity interest of which is owned by Zhang Hongjun, director and principal shareholder of the Company, and senior executives of which are Wang Shengli, Li Ping and Tian Hailong, directors and shareholders of the Company 

Shaanxi Dukang Liquor Trading Co., Ltd., controlled by Zhang Hongjun, director and principal shareholder of the Company 

Total 

Zhang Hongjun 

Chen Min 

Total 

shares of common stock authorized at par value of , and shares of common stock were issued and outstanding at beginning
and end of the reporting periods at total par value of . 

The Company has 
shares designated Series C convertible preferred stock at par value of . Each Series C convertible preferred stock is convertible
into 1,000 common shares. There were Series C convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021
at total par value of . 

Deferred income taxes reflect
the tax consequences on future years of differences between the tax bases. Net operating loss carry-forwards and tax benefits arising
therefore are as follows: 

Net loss for the period / year 

NOL carried forward 

Tax benefit from NOL carried forward 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets 

The PRC income tax allows the
enterprises to offset their future taxable income with taxable operating losses carried forward in a 5-year period. The management believes
that the Company s cumulative losses arising from recurring business in recent years constituted significant negative evidence that
most of the deferred tax assets would not be realizable and this evidence outweighed the expectations that the Company would generate
future taxable income. Valuation allowance for the full amount of tax benefit from NOL was recorded. 

28 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CHINA CHANGJIANG MINING NEW ENERGY COMPANY, LTD. 

By: 
 /s/ Dr. Chongyi Yang 

Dr. Chongyi Yang CEO 

Date: April 17, 2023 

29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 chji_ex3101.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Dr. Chongyi Yang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of China Changjiang Mining New Energy Company, Ltd . ; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Dr. Chongyi Yang 

Dr. Chongyi Yang 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 chji_ex3102.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Dr. Chongyi Yang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of China Changjiang Mining New Energy Company, Ltd; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Dr. Chongyi Yang 

Dr. Chongyi Yang 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 chji_ex3201.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 32.1 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 

 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of China Changjiang Mining New Energy Company, Ltd (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with
the SEC (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to her knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Dr. Chongyi Yang 

Dr. Chongyi Yang 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 chji_ex3202.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 32.2 

SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 

 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of China Changjiang
Mining New Energy Company, Ltd (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the SEC (the Report ),
the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to her knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: 
 April 17, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Dr. Chongyi Yang 

Dr. Chongyi Yang 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 chji-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 chji-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 chji-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 chji-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

