<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1823086_0001410578-23-000695.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5823214</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>417931</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>967273</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1729229</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1114848</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1475889</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000695.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417170520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000695
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kingswood Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823086
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				852432410
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39700
		FILM NUMBER:		23824654

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17 BATTERY PLACE
		STREET 2:		ROOM 625
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2124047002

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17 BATTERY PLACE
		STREET 2:		ROOM 625
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kingswood Global Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200831

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000695.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 kwac-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________ TO ________ COMMISSION FILE NUMBER (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Name of each exchange Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of April 17, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of the registrant s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding as reported on the OTC Pink Marketplace. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 2 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 5 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 12 ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 42 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 42 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 42 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 42 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 43 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 44 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 44 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 50 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 50 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 51 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 51 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 53 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 53 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 58 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 58 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 60 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 61 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 62 SIGNATURES 64 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete our initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursement and other benefits; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; our expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance following our Public Offering. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors , alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and holders of our securities could lose all or part of their investment. Such risks include, but are not limited to: Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. Our public stockholders only opportunity to effect an investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of their right to redeem their public shares from us for cash. We may be subject to the Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in the event of a liquidation or in connection with redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022. The SEC has recently issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate Kingswood Acquisition Corp. (the Company ). To avoid that result, subsequent to December 31, 2022, we have liquidated the securities held in the Company s trust account (the Trust Account and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash. As a result, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 The requirement that we complete our initial business combination by May 24, 2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. Our securityholders will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Our securityholders will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate their investment, our securityholders may be forced to sell their public shares or public warrants, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the required time period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.39 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least May 24, 2023, it could limit the amount of cash available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. If we were considered to be a foreign person, we might not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations or review by a U.S. government entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ). We may effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, which may subject us to a variety of additional risks that adversely affect us. We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and our securityholders have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. Past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 PART I References in this report to we, us or the Company refer to Kingswood Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the sponsor refer to Kingswood Global Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated on July 27, 2020 as a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial business combination throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On November 24, 2020, we consummated our initial public offering Public Offering of 11,500,000 units, including the issuance of 1,500,000 units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option. Each unit consists of (i) one share of Class A common stock public shares and (ii) three-fourths of one redeemable warrant public warrants ). Each whole public warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of 115,000,000. Prior to the consummation of the Public Offering, on August 17, 2020, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock (the founder shares for 25,000, or 0.006 per share. On October 22, 2020, our sponsor surrendered 718,750 founder shares for no consideration. On November 3, 2020, sponsor surrendered an additional 718,750 founder shares for no consideration. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the Company s expectation that the total size of the Public Offering would be a maximum of 11,500,000 units if the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the Public Offering. Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 6,481,550 warrants (the private placement warrants to sponsor and one of the Company s directors at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 6,481,550. The private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants, except that the private placement warrants, so long as they are held by sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by such holders until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. If the Company does not consummate its initial business combination, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Additionally, in lieu of 0.9 of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, we issued to Oppenheimer Co. Inc. 104,000 units Underwriter Units simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering. The Underwriter Units are identical to the units sold in the Public Offering, except that, so long as they are held by Oppenheimer Co. Inc. or its permitted transferees, the warrants underlying the Underwriter Units (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. In addition, Oppenheimer Co. Inc. has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to the shares underlying the Underwriter Units in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023. Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, 117,848,550 was placed in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the Trust Account ). After the payment of underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of 4,025,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial business combination if consummated) and approximately 529,972 in expenses relating to the Public 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Offering, approximately 801,833 of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and Private Placement was not deposited into the Trust Account and was retained by us for working capital purposes. On May 18, 2022, we convened its special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders at which our stockholders approved an amendment to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation extending the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from May 24, 2022 to November 24, 2022. In connection therewith, holders of 10,036,744 public shares exercised their right to redeem such public shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. On May 20, 2022, the Company paid from the Trust Account an aggregate amount of 102,894,278, or approximately 10.25 per share to redeeming shareholders. Additionally, for each one-month extension, the Sponsor agreed to contribute, as a loan, to the Company 60,969, or approximately 0.04 per public share not redeemed in connection with such extension amendment. Through November 2022 an aggregate of 365,814 was loaned to the Company and subsequently deposited by the Company into the Trust Account. On November 23, 2022, we convened its special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders at which our stockholders approved a further amendment to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation extending the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from November 24, 2022 to May 24, 2023. In connection therewith, holders of 954,800 public shares exercised their right to redeem such public shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. On November 21, 2022, the Company paid from the Trust Account an aggregate amount of 10,142,765, or approximately 10.62 per share to such redeeming shareholders. Additionally, in connection with such extension amendment, Wentworth agreed to pay for certain merger related expenses, including depositing 69,218 per month, or approximately 0.25 per share for each public share not redeemed in connection with the extension amendment, into the Trust Account through May 2023. As of December 31, 2022, Wentworth owes an aggregate of 198,522 to the Company for these items. Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, if any, and to fund our working capital requirements (subject to an annual limit of 100,000), our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended from time to time Charter provides that none of the funds held in trust will be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any of the shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units sold in our Public Offering public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of the public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by May 24, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) the redemption of 100 of the public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by May 24, 2023. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. As of December 31, 2022, after giving effect to the redemptions of public shares and additional contributions made to the Trust Account, there was 5,514,494 cash held in the Trust Account and 277,511 of cash held outside the Trust Account available for working capital purposes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, no funds had been withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the Company s taxes. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash held in the Trust Account, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our shares of Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses even if the acquisitions of the target businesses are not closed simultaneously. In evaluating a prospective target business, we have conducted a thorough due diligence review encompassing, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. Merger Agreement On July 7, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Binah Capital Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), Kingswood Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Kingswood Merger Sub ), Wentworth Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Wentworth Merger Sub ), and Wentworth Management Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Wentworth ). Each of Holdings, Kingswood Merger Sub and Wentworth Merger Sub are newly formed entities that were formed for the sole purpose of entering into and consummating the transactions set forth in the Merger Agreement. Holdings is a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Kingswood and both Kingswood Merger Sub and Wentworth Merger Sub are wholly-owned direct subsidiaries of Holdings. The business combination contemplated by the Merger Agreement is structured as a double dummy transaction, pursuant to which: (i) Kingswood Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Kingswood Merger ), with the Company surviving the Kingswood Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings (the Kingswood Surviving Company (ii) simultaneously with the Kingswood Merger, Wentworth Merger Sub will merge with and into Wentworth (the Wentworth Merger ), with Wentworth surviving the Wentworth Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings (the Wentworth Surviving Company ). Kingswood Surviving 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Company will acquire, and Holdings will contribute to Kingswood Surviving Company (the Holdings Contribution all units of the Wentworth Surviving Company directly held by Holdings after the Wentworth Merger, such that, following the Holdings Contribution, the Wentworth Surviving Company will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Kingswood Surviving Company (together with the Kingswood Merger, the Wentworth Merger and the other transactions related thereto, the Transactions ). In connection with the Kingswood Merger, our stockholders will have the right to receive (i) one share of Holdings common stock in exchange for each share of Class A common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Kingswood Merger, and (ii) one Holdings warrant in exchange for each public warrant of the Company outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Kingswood Merger. Each such Holdings warrant will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one share of Holdings common stock at a price of 11.50 per share and will have terms comparable to the public warrants. Our sponsor, as a stockholder of the Company, will have the right to receive (i) one share of Holdings common stock in exchange for each Founder Share outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Kingswood Merger, and (ii) up to one Holdings warrant in exchange for each Private Placement Warrant outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Kingswood Merger, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Each such Holdings warrant will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one share of Holdings common stock at a price of 11.50 per share and will have terms comparable to the private placement warrants. In connection with the Transactions, the consideration payable to securityholders in Wentworth (the Wentworth Merger Consideration will consist of Holdings common shares issued on the closing date of the Transactions (the Share Consideration ), and the assumption of all indebtedness of Wentworth as of the closing date of the Transactions (the Assumed Indebtedness ). The Wentworth Merger Consideration is equal to the quotient of: (a) the difference of (i) enterprise value, minus (ii) closing Wentworth indebtedness, minus (iii) sponsor share value, minus (iv) outstanding Transaction expenses, minus (v) Wentworth Class B Redemption Amount, divided by (b) the Per Share Price; provided, however, that, in no event shall the Wentworth Merger Consideration be less than the Minimum Wentworth Share Amount. The Merger Agreements contains additional representations, warranties, covenants, conditions precedent and other terms and conditions customary for transactions of this type, including, but not limited to approval by our shareholders of the Merger Agreement. The terms of the Merger Agreement and other related ancillary agreements are summarized in more detail in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022. On December 30, 2022, the Company, Holdings, and Wentworth entered into a side letter agreement to the Merger Agreement revising the Merger Agreement to extend the termination date of the Merger Agreement from December 30, 2022 to June 30, 2023. On March 20, 2023, Kingswood, Holdings, Kingswood Merger Sub, Wentworth Merger Sub and Wentworth entered that certain First Amendment to the Merger Agreement (the Amendment which amends the Merger Agreement to, among other things, (i) amend and restate the definition of Transaction Expenses Shortfall in the Merger Agreement to an amount equal to (x) the Outstanding Transaction Expenses (as defined in the Merger Agreement) minus (y) the Available Closing Date Cash (as defined in the Merger Agreement); (ii) amend and restate the condition precedent in Section 8.03(k) of the Merger Agreement to require that Available Closing Date Cash be sufficient to cover an amount equal to the sum of 3,500,000 and the Outstanding Transaction Expenses; and (iii) amend and restate the termination rights in Section 9.01(c)(B) to allow for the termination of the Merger Agreement if the Available Closing Date Cash is insufficient to cover the sum of 3,500,000 and the Outstanding Transaction Expenses. Support Agreements Contemporaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, (i) certain holders of the Kingswood common stock, including our sponsor, entered into the Founder Support Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, such holders agreed to approve the Merger Agreement, and (ii) securityholders of Wentworth representing a majority of Wentworth s outstanding membership interests entered into the Wentworth Support Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, such Wentworth securityholders agreed to approve the Merger Agreement. In addition, the holders of our private placement warrants have agreed that at the effective time of the Kingswood Merger, the aggregate number of issued and outstanding private placement warrants held by the Sponsor Support Holders shall be adjusted in the following manner: (i) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is less than 15,000,000 then 100 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (ii) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 15,000,000 but less than 17,500,000 then 90 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (iii) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 17,500,000 but less than 20,000,000 then 80 of the private placement warrants would be forfeited; (iv) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 20,000,000 but less than 22,500,000 then 70 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (v) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 22,500,000 but less than 25,000,000 then 60 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (vi) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 25,000,000 but less than 27,500,000 then 50 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (vii) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 27,500,000 but less than 30,000,000 then 40 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (viii) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 30,000,000 then 0 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited. The terms of the Founder Support Agreement and Wentworth Support Agreement are summarized in more detail in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022. Redemption Rights for Holders of Public Shares Upon Consummation of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their public shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its public shares. Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may acquire during or after the Public Offering in connection with the completion of our business combination. Conduct of Redemptions Pursuant to Tender Offer Rules If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated articles of incorporation: (a) conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and (b) file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Submission of Our Initial Business Combination to a Stockholder Vote If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. Our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the Public Offering in favor of our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of public shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 applicable law and any applicable listing standards. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our public shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. If our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their public shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. The purpose of any such purchases of public shares could be to (i) vote such public shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or (ii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our Charter may be amended with a stockholder vote to extend the time required to consummate an initial business combination. Limitation on Redemption Rights Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Stockholder Approval If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Charter provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to excess public shares without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of public shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force the Company or management to purchase their public shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the public shares sold in the Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s public shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the public shares, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their public shares (including excess public shares) for or against the Company s initial business combination. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination The amendments to our Charter provide that we will have until May 24, 2023 to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. The following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: our obligation to seek stockholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; our obligation to redeem or repurchase public shares held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; and our outstanding warrants, and the potential future dilution they represent. 
 Any of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. If we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot guarantee that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. Employees We currently have two executive officers: Michael Nessim and Gary Wilder. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Available Information We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at 17 Battery Place, Room 625, New York, NY 10004 or by telephone at (212) 404-7002. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Legal Proceedings To the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Investors in our securities should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the prospectus associated with the Public Offering. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and our stockholders could lose all or part of their investment. Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination We may not be able to consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. The Company will incur significant transaction and transition costs in connection with the business combination. If the Company fails to consummate the business combination, it may not have sufficient cash available to pay such costs. The Company expects to incur significant, non-recurring costs in connection with consummating the business combination. Some of these costs are payable regardless of whether the business combination is completed. The Company s transaction expenses as a result of the business combination are currently estimated at approximately 14 million, which is comprised of (i) 4,025,000 in deferred underwriting compensation payable to the underwriters of our Public Offering and (ii) fees associated with legal, audit, printing and mailing of the proxy statement/prospectus, investor relations, insurance, and other operating costs related to the business combination. If the Company does not consummate the business combination, it will be required to pay its own fees and expenses, and the Company likely will not have sufficient cash available to pay its fees and expenses unless and until it completes a subsequent business combination transaction. The business combination is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, which may not be satisfied in a timely manner, if at all. The consummation of the business combination is subject to customary closing conditions for transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies, including, among others: approval of several proposals by our shareholders; the shares of Holdings common stock constituting the business combination consideration for Wentworth s securityholders shall have been approved for listing on a national securities exchange subject to notice of official issuance; no order, statute, rule or regulation enjoining or prohibiting the consummation of the business combination being in effect; 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 the Company having at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets as of the closing of the business combination; the registration statement on Form S-4 relating to the Transactions having become effective and no stop order being in effect; the receipt of certain regulatory approvals; and customary bring down conditions. 
 If the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate until May 24, 2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of this Public Offering, only 1,200,000 were available to us initially outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account and the support of the Sponsor will be sufficient to allow us to operate until May 24, 2023; however, we cannot guarantee that our estimated working capital requirements are accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated 10.25 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to effectively remediate this material weakness, it could continue to adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, if we fail to effectively remediate the identified material weakness, or if we discover other material weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting, our business and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected and our stock price could decline . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining an adequate system of internal control over financial reporting, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. If we fail to comply with the rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 related to disclosure controls and procedures, or, if we discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. If material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or if we otherwise fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and the trading price of our common stock could decline significantly. In the event that our business combination were to be terminated, our securityholders would be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any alternative target business prior to our entry into an alternative business combination agreement. In the event that the business combination were to be terminated, we would expect to focus our search on an alternative target business involved in the ownership, financing and management of societal infrastructure, but we may seek to complete a business combination with a target business in any industry or sector. Unless and until we have identified and publicly announced a business combination transaction, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business or of the terms of any combination with any such target business, and we cannot assure our securityholders that any such transaction would be more or less favorable than the business combination, or would or would not result in a reduction in the value of our public shares. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public stockholders do not approve of the business combination we complete. Our public stockholders only opportunity to effect their investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of their right to redeem their public shares from us for cash. Our public stockholders will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, our public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, our public stockholders only opportunity to effect their investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising their redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Our initial stockholders own approximately 85 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Our initial stockholders and management team also may from time to time purchase shares of Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our Charter provides that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting, including the founder shares. As a result, in the event that only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum is present at a stockholders meeting held to vote on our initial business combination, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need none of the public shares currently outstanding to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our public shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many public stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of public shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of public shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock results in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters from our Public Offering will not be adjusted for any public shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to public stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by such deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in the Trust Account will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entirety of such deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our public shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that our public stockholders would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem their public shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, our public stockholders would not receive their pro rata portion of the 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. Public stockholders who are in need of immediate liquidity could attempt to sell their public shares in the open market; however, at such time our public shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, our public stockholders may suffer a material loss on their investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with their exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or they are able to sell their public shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate our initial business combination by May 24,2023 may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. Since it was first reported to have emerged in December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, which causes COVID-19, has spread across the world, including the United States. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis adversely affecting the economies and financial markets worldwide, potentially including the business of any potential target business with which we intend to consummate a business combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination at all if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or make it impossible or impractical to negotiate and consummate a transaction with the target company s personnel, vendors and service providers in a timely manner, if at all. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years and specifically in the last nine months, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. A prolonged downturn in the economy, and related U.S. government monetary policies, could adversely affect our business activities and results of operations. Unfavorable economic and market conditions can be caused by many factors. Volatility and uncertainty in global economic and political conditions can significantly affect U.S. economic conditions and financial markets. Negative trends in the global economy and political climate could influence, among other business activities, and our investment patterns. Furthermore, war (such as the current Ukraine - Russia war), governmental sanctions, natural disasters, pandemics, or other widespread health emergencies (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or other unanticipated or catastrophic events could create economic and financial disruptions and uncertainties, which may lead to operational difficulties that could adversely affect our ability to conduct and manage our business. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business activities and results of operations. Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity would likely purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of public shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and listing standards. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 stockholder, although still the record holder of our public shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their public shares. The purpose of any such purchases of public shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly transfer, tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Our securityholders will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets no less than 5,000,001 upon the completion of our Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if a stockholder or a group of stockholders is deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our shares of Class A common stock, such stockholders will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our shares of Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Charter provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Public Offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and they could suffer a material loss on their investment in us if they sell Excess Shares in open-market transactions. Additionally, public stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, public stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell their shares in open-market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.25 per share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the Company under the circumstances. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our Public Offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.25 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.25 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, we cannot assure our public stockholders that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.25 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and our public stockholders would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of their public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.25 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.25 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our public stockholders and the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our public stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy or insolvency petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our public stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our public stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities, 
 each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent consummating our initial business combination by May 24, 2023, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We may be subject to the Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 in the event of a liquidation or in connection with redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (H.R. 5376) (the IRA ), which, among other things, imposes a 1 excise tax on any domestic corporation that repurchases its stock after December 31, 2022 (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the fair market value of the repurchased stock, with certain exceptions. Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities are traded on OTC Pink Marketplace, we will be a covered corporation within the meaning of the IRA following this offering. While not free from doubt, absent any further guidance from Congress, the Excise Tax may apply to any redemptions of our common stock after December 31, 2022, including redemptions in connection with an initial business combination, unless an exemption is available. Issuances of securities in connection with our initial business combination transaction (including any PIPE transaction at the time of our initial business combination) are expected to reduce the amount of the Excise Tax in connection with redemptions occurring in the same calendar year, but the number of securities redeemed may exceed the number of securities issued. Consequently, the Excise Tax may make a transaction with us less appealing to potential business combination targets. Further, the application of the Excise Tax in the event of a liquidation is uncertain. The SEC has recently issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), which include proposals relating to disclosures in business combination transactions between special purpose acquisition companies SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the condensed financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs and the time required to consummate a business combination, and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. To avoid that result, subsequent to December 31, 2022 we have liquidated the securities held in the Trust Account and instead hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash. As a result, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. The SPAC Rule Proposals include proposals relating to the circumstances in which special purpose acquisition companies such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for SPACs certain criteria from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination withing 18 months of its initial public offering and to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement related to its initial public offering. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that has not completed its initial business combination within 24 months after the effective date of its IPO Registration Statement. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. If we are required to liquidate the Company, our securityholders would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. The funds in the Trust Account were previously held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Public Offering, we instructed Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account and to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or liquidation. As a result, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to appoint directors. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Because we neither are limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector with which to pursue our initial business combination, our securityholders will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. Our efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team s established global relationships and operating experience. Our management team has a differentiated ability to underwrite transactions across the financial services landscape, including the wealth and investment management sectors. Our Charter prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure our securityholders that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure our securityholders that an investment in our units, public shares or public warrants will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, our securityholders may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we pay in our initial business combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our securityholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from our Public Offering and the private placement warrants provided us with 113,823,550 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 4,025,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the Trust Account). We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. If we were considered to be a foreign person, we might not be able to complete an initial business combination with a U.S. target company if such initial business combination is subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations or review by a U.S. government entity, such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ). Our Sponsor is controlled by, or has substantial ties with non-U.S. persons domiciled in the United Kingdom. Acquisitions and investments by non-U.S. Persons in certain U.S. business may be subject to rules or regulations that limit foreign ownership. CFIUS is an interagency committee authorized to review certain transactions involving investments by foreign persons in U.S. businesses that have a nexus to critical technologies, critical infrastructure and/or sensitive personal data in order to determine the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. If we were considered to be a foreign person under such rules and regulations, 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 any proposed business combination between us and a U.S. business engaged in a regulated industry or which may affect national security could be subject to such foreign ownership restrictions, CFIUS review or mandatory filings. If our potential initial business combination with a U.S. business falls within the scope of foreign ownership restrictions, we may be unable to consummate an initial business combination with such business. In addition, if our potential business combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may be required to make a mandatory filing or determine to submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company if we had proceeded without first obtaining CFIUS clearance. The potential limitations and risks may limit the attractiveness of a transaction with us or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. Moreover, the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our initial business combination, our failure to obtain any required approvals within the requisite time-period may require us to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata share of amounts held in the trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause our securityholders to lose any potential investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on their investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we guarantee that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot guarantee that an investment in our units, public shares, or public warrants will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event that we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our Charter provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure our securityholders that we will not seek to amend our Charter or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination and that our stockholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our Charter will require the approval of holders of 65 of our Common Stock, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our Charter requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot guarantee that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023, our public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond May 24, 2023 before redemption from our Trust Account can occur. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public stockholders from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our Charter prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond May 24, 2023 before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where stockholders have sought to redeem their shares of Class A common stock. Only 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 upon our redemption or any liquidation will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. The provisions of our Charter that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our Common Stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Charter to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Our Charter provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our Public Offering and the private placement of warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our Common Stock entitled to vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our Common Stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our Charter may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding Common Stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our Common Stock upon the closing of our Public Offering, may participate in any vote to amend our Charter and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Charter which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which our securityholders do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our Charter. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Certain agreements related to the Public Offering may be amended without stockholder approval. Each of the agreements related to the Public Offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended without stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders; the private placement warrants purchase agreement among us, our sponsor and our initial stockholders; and the administrative services agreement among us, our sponsor and an affiliate of our sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and other securities held by our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot guarantee that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that our public stockholders do not support. Upon closing the Public Offering, our initial stockholders owned approximately 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock (assuming they do not purchase any units in the Public Offering). Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that our public stockholders do not support, including amendments to our Charter. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of Class A common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting of stockholders, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, our results of operations and our share price, which could cause our securityholders to lose some or all of their investment. Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot guarantee this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present within a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Resources could be expended in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. However, the role of our key personnel in the target business cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot guarantee that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place, which could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. If we effect a business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in the target business s home jurisdiction, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; challenges in managing and staffing international operations; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; regime changes and political upheaval; terrorist attacks and wars; and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the eighteenth month from the closing of the Public Offering in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot guarantee that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. Information regarding our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance by our management team and their affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to our stockholders, or of any results with respect to any initial business combination we may consummate. Prospective investors in our securities should not rely on the historical experiences of our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment by each of the members of our management team or their affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, and our stockholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. Our Charter provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. We do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after our Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On August 17, 2020, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,312,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.006 per share. On October 22, 2020, our sponsor surrendered 718,750 founder shares for no consideration. On November 3, 2020, our sponsor surrendered an additional 718,750 founder shares for no consideration. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of our Public Offering would be a maximum of 11,500,000 units if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after our Public Offering. None of the founder shares are subject to forfeiture because the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor and one of our directors purchase an aggregate of 6,481,550 private placement warrants for an aggregate purchase price of 6,481,550, or 1.00 per warrant. The private placement warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as May 24, 2023 nears, which is the deadline for us to consummate our initial business combination. Risks Relating to our Securities Our securityholders will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate their investment, our securityholders may be forced to sell their public shares or public warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those public shares that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a our securityholders have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of our warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to their warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate their investment, our securityholders may be forced to sell their public shares or public warrants, potentially at a loss. We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 If the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption from registration. In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. If our shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. In the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of shares of Class A common stock upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold than upon a cash exercise. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. There may be a circumstance in which an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our Public Offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Common Stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying shares of Common Stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. Our warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the shares of Class A common stock, and holders of our warrants do not have sufficient information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, our warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the shares of Class A common stock. As a result, if the surviving company of our initial business combination redeems or exchanges our existing warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, holders of our warrants may receive a security in a company about which they have insufficient information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company of our initial business combination will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of Class A common stock. Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our Public Offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the shares of Class A common stock into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register the shares of Class A common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the shares of Common Stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. We may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our Charter authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 Shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Immediately after our Public Offering, there were 88,500,000 and 7,125,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the shares of Class B common stock. The shares of Class B Common Stock are automatically convertible into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our Charter, including in certain circumstances in which we issue shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. Immediately after our Public Offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our Charter provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares on any initial business combination. These provisions of our Charter, like all provisions of our Charter, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our Public Offering; may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of Class A common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 
 We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite stockholder approval by special resolution under the DGCL, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a stockholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the stockholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders to pay such taxes. Stockholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of our public warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a public warrant could be decreased, all without the approval of the holders of our public warrants. Our public warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of public warrants if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. If (i) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A Common Stock, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the market value of our shares of Class A common stock is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. We may redeem unexpired public warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to the holders of the public warrants, thereby making such public warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send proper notice of such redemption to the warrants holders and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding public warrants could force holders thereof to (i) exercise their public warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for them to do so, (ii) sell their public warrants at the then-current market price when they might otherwise wish to hold such public warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding public warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of such public warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 8,625,000 shares of Class A common stock as part of the units sold in the Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, we issued an aggregate of 6,481,550 private placement warrants, at 1.00 per warrant and warrants to purchase 78,000 shares of Class A common stock as part of the Underwriter Units. In addition, if the sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue shares of Common Stock to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. General Risk Factors We are a recently formed blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and our securityholders have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a recently formed blank check company established under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, our securityholders have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Provisions in our Charter and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our shares of Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our Charter contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of shares of preferred stock, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Provisions in our Charter and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Our Charter requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Charter or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Charter provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with whom we do business. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. Our executive offices are located at 17 Battery Place, Room 625, New York, New York 10004. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. As of December 31, 2022, to the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. (a) Market Information Our Class A common stock trades on the OTC Pink under the symbol KWAC . The OTC Pink is a quotation service that displays real-time quotes, last-sale prices, and volume information in over-the-counter equity securities. (b) Holders As of March 31, 2023, there were two holders of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock, two holders of record of our Class B common stock and two holders of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A common stock and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. (e) Performance Graph Not applicable for smaller reporting companies. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales The sales of the founder shares and private placement warrants to our sponsor and our initial stockholders and the issuance of the Underwriter Units to Oppenheimer Co. Inc., each as described herein, were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Use of Proceeds On November 19, 2020, our registration statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-249437) was declared effective by the SEC for the Public Offering pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 11,500,000 units (including the issuance of 1,500,000 units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option) at an offering price to the public of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate offering price of 115,000,000, with each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock and three-fourths of one Warrant. Each whole Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. Oppenheimer Co. Inc. acted as the representative for the underwriters (the Underwriters ). The Public Offering did not terminate before all of the securities registered in our registration statement were sold. The Public Offering was consummated on November 24, 2020. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 The net proceeds from the Public Offering and the Private Placement, including deferred underwriting discounts of approximately 4,025,000, are held in the Trust Account at December 31, 2020. We paid 1,260,000 in cash and 1,040,000 in the form of 104,000 Units at 10.00 per in underwriting discounts and incurred offering costs of approximately 529,972. In addition, the Underwriters agreed to defer approximately 4,025,000 in underwriting discounts, which amount will be payable when and if a business combination is consummated. No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the Public Offering as described in our final prospectus dated November 19, 2020, which was filed with the SEC. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations, estimates and assumptions concerning events and financial trends that may affect our future operating results or financial position. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the sections entitled Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on July 27, 2020 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, we consummated the private sale of an aggregate of 6,481,550 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, to Kingswood Global Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, and one of the Company s directors at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of approximately 6,481,550 (the Private Placement ). We intend to consummate an initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Public Offering that closed on November 24, 2020 and the Private Placement, and from additional issuances of, if any, our equity and our debt, or a combination of cash, equity and debt. We have incurred, and in the event our initial business combination (as described below) is not consummated, expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot guaranty that our plan to complete our initial business combination, including the proposed business combination will be successful. Recent Developments Charter Amendments On May 18, 2022, we convened its special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders at which our stockholders approved an amendment to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation extending the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from May 24, 2022 to November 24, 2022. In connection therewith, holders of 10,036,744 public shares exercised their right to redeem such public shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. On May 20, 2022, the Company paid from the Trust Account an aggregate amount of 102,894,278, or approximately 10.25 per share to redeeming shareholders. Additionally, for each one-month extension, the Sponsor agreed to contribute, as a loan, to the Company 60,969, or approximately 0.04 per public share not redeemed in connection with such extension amendment. Through November 2022 an aggregate of 365,814 was loaned to the Company and subsequently deposited by the Company into the Trust Account. On November 23, 2022, we convened its special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders at which our stockholders approved a further amendment to our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation extending the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination from November 24, 2022 to May 24, 2023. In connection therewith, holders of 954,800 public shares exercised their right to redeem such public shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account. On November 21, 2022, the 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Company paid from the Trust Account an aggregate amount of 10,142,765, or approximately 10.62 per share to such redeeming shareholders. Additionally, in connection with such extension amendment, Wentworth agreed to pay for certain merger related expenses, including depositing 69,218 per month, or approximately 0.25 per share for each public share not redeemed in connection with the extension amendment, into the Trust Account through May 2023. As of December 31, 2022, Wentworth owes an aggregate of 198,522 to the Company for these items. Our Charter requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our Charter that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023, we may seek to amend our charter to further extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. Business Combination Agreement On July 7, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Binah Capital Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation Holdings ), Kingswood Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Kingswood Merger Sub ), Wentworth Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Wentworth Merger Sub ), and Wentworth Management Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Wentworth ). Each of Holdings, Kingswood Merger Sub and Wentworth Merger Sub are newly formed entities that were formed for the sole purpose of entering into and consummating the transactions set forth in the Merger Agreement. Holdings is a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Kingswood and both Kingswood Merger Sub and Wentworth Merger Sub are wholly-owned direct subsidiaries of Holdings. The business combination contemplated by the Merger Agreement is structured as a double dummy transaction, pursuant to which: (i) Kingswood Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Kingswood Merger ), with the Company surviving the Kingswood Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings (the Kingswood Surviving Company (ii) simultaneously with the Kingswood Merger, Wentworth Merger Sub will merge with and into Wentworth (the Wentworth Merger ), with Wentworth surviving the Wentworth Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings (the Wentworth Surviving Company ). Kingswood Surviving Company will acquire, and Holdings will contribute to Kingswood Surviving Company (the Holdings Contribution all units of the Wentworth Surviving Company directly held by Holdings after the Wentworth Merger, such that, following the Holdings Contribution, the Wentworth Surviving Company will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Kingswood Surviving Company (together with the Kingswood Merger, the Wentworth Merger and the other transactions related thereto, the Transactions ). In connection with the Kingswood Merger, our stockholders will have the right to receive (i) one share of Holdings common stock in exchange for each share of Class A common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Kingswood Merger, and (ii) one Holdings warrant in exchange for each public warrant of the Company outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Kingswood Merger. Each such Holdings warrant will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one share of Holdings common stock at a price of 11.50 per share and will have terms comparable to the public warrants. Our sponsor, as a stockholder of the Company, will have the right to receive (i) one share of Holdings common stock in exchange for each Founder Share outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Kingswood Merger, and (ii) up to one Holdings warrant in exchange for each Private Placement Warrant outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Kingswood Merger, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. Each such Holdings warrant will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one share of Holdings common stock at a price of 11.50 per share and will have terms comparable to the private placement warrants. In connection with the Transactions, the consideration payable to securityholders in Wentworth (the Wentworth Merger Consideration will consist of Holdings common shares issued on the closing date of the Transactions (the Share Consideration ), and the assumption of all indebtedness of Wentworth as of the closing date of the Transactions (the Assumed Indebtedness ). The Wentworth Merger Consideration is equal to the quotient of: (a) the difference of (i) enterprise value, minus (ii) closing Wentworth indebtedness, minus (iii) sponsor share value, minus (iv) outstanding Transaction expenses, minus (v) Wentworth Class B Redemption Amount, divided by (b) the Per Share Price; provided, however, that, in no event shall the Wentworth Merger Consideration be less than the Minimum Wentworth Share Amount. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 The Merger Agreements contains additional representations, warranties, covenants, conditions precedent and other terms and conditions customary for transactions of this type, including, but not limited to approval by our shareholders of the Merger Agreement. The terms of the Merger Agreement and other related ancillary agreements are summarized in more detail in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022. On December 30, 2022, the Company, Holdings, and Wentworth entered into a side letter agreement to the Merger Agreement revising the Merger Agreement to extend the termination date of the Merger Agreement from December 30, 2022 to June 30, 2023. On March 20, 2023, Kingswood, Holdings, Kingswood Merger Sub, Wentworth Merger Sub and Wentworth entered that certain First Amendment to the Merger Agreement to, among other things, (i) amends and restates the definition of Transaction Expenses Shortfall in the Merger Agreement to an amount equal to (x) the Outstanding Transaction Expenses (as defined in the Merger Agreement) minus (y) the Available Closing Date Cash (as defined in the Merger Agreement); (ii) amend and restate the condition precedent in Section 8.03(k) of the Merger Agreement to require that Available Closing Date Cash be sufficient to cover an amount equal to the sum of 3,500,000 and the Outstanding Transaction Expenses; and (iii) amend and restate the termination rights in Section 9.01(c)(B) to allow for the termination of the Merger Agreement if the Available Closing Date Cash is insufficient to cover the sum of 3,500,000 and the Outstanding Transaction Expenses. Support Agreements Contemporaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, (i) certain holders of the Kingswood common stock, including our sponsor, entered into the Founder Support Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, such holders agreed to approve the Merger Agreement, and (ii) securityholders of Wentworth representing a majority of Wentworth s outstanding membership interests entered into the Wentworth Support Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, such Wentworth securityholders agreed to approve the Merger Agreement. In addition, the holders of our private placement warrants have agreed that at the effective time of the Kingswood Merger, the aggregate number of issued and outstanding private placement warrants held by the Sponsor Support Holders shall be adjusted in the following manner: (i) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is less than 15,000,000 then 100 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (ii) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 15,000,000 but less than 17,500,000 then 90 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (iii) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 17,500,000 but less than 20,000,000 then 80 of the private placement warrants would be forfeited; (iv) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 20,000,000 but less than 22,500,000 then 70 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (v) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 22,500,000 but less than 25,000,000 then 60 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (vi) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 25,000,000 but less than 27,500,000 then 50 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (vii) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 27,500,000 but less than 30,000,000 then 40 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited; (viii) if the aggregate of the cash remaining in the Trust Account and proceeds from any PIPE is equal to or greater than 30,000,000 then 0 of the private placement warrants will be forfeited. Results of Operations For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a loss from operations of 4,784,480, including legal and professional fees of 4,164,702, directors fee of 105,000, insurance expenses of 132,740 and other general operating expenses totaling 382,038. In addition to the loss from operations, we realized other income of 6,173,524 consisting of interest income of 255,057 from the Trust and operating bank accounts, a gain on the change in fair value of the convertible promissory note of 148,338 and a 5,770,129 gain from a decrease in the fair value of the Company s warrant liability. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our efforts have been limited to activities relating to identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, activities related to consummating the business combination and activities relating to general corporate matters. We have not generated any income, other than interest income earned on the proceeds held in the Trust and operating bank accounts. Additionally, we recognize non-cash gains and losses within other income (expense) related to changes in recurring fair value measurement of our warrant liabilities and convertible promissory note at each reporting period. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a loss from operations of 1,208,657, including legal and professional fees of 570,523, directors fee of 131,250, insurance expenses of 150,000 and other general operation expenses totaling 356,884. In 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 addition to the loss from operations, we incurred other net income of 762,922 consisting of interest income of 11,906 from the Trust and operating bank accounts, 759,227 gain from a decrease in the fair value of the Company s warrant liability, offset by 8,211 in offering costs. Through December 31, 2021, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities relating to identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates and activities relating to general corporate matters. We have not generated any income, other than interest income earned on the proceeds held in the Trust and operating bank accounts. Additionally, we recognize non-cash gains and losses within other income (expense) related to changes in recurring fair value measurement of our warrant liabilities at each reporting period. At December 31, 2022, 5,514,494 was held in the Trust Account (including 4,025,000 of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions). Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay our taxes and up to 100,000 to pay dissolution expenses, if any, our Charter provides that none of the funds held in trust will be released from the Trust Account until such time as or under the following circumstances (i) the completion of an initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any of the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in the Public Offering (the Units properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Charter to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of the common stock included in the Units being sold in the Public Offering if the Company does Offering if the Company does not complete an initial business combination by May 24, 2023 or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) the redemption of 100 of the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering if we are unable to complete a business combination by May 24, 2023, as extended. Through December 31, 2022, we have not withdrawn any funds from interest earned on the trust proceeds to pay taxes. Other than the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, no amounts are payable to the underwriters of the Public Offering in the event of a business combination. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, we had cash outside our Trust Account of 277,511, available for working capital needs and a working capital deficit of 4,923,435 (excluding federal income and Delaware franchise taxes). We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account for consummating the business combination. As of December 31, 2022, we had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 5,514,494 consisting of a money market mutual funds. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account to pay our taxes. All remaining cash was held in the Trust Account and is generally unavailable for our use, prior to an initial business combination. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, cash held in the money market mutual funds were transferred to a demand deposit account within the Trust Account. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,625,934. Net income of 1,352,234 was primarily driven by a change in the fair value of the Warrants of 5,770,129, changes in fair value of convertible promissory note of 148,338, interest income from the Trust Account of 254,973, and change in working capital of 3,195,272. On May 20, 2022 and November 21, 2022, 10,036,744 and 954,800 shares, respectively, of our class A common stock were redeemed. As a result, we withdrew 113,037,043 from the Trust account. For the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 619,361. Net loss of 445,735 was primarily driven by a change in the fair value of the warrants of 759,227, interest earned on cash held in Trust Account of 11,786, transaction costs of 8,211 and changes in working capital of 589,176. On March 24, 2022, our Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 1,500,000 as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If we complete a business combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Such Working Capital Loans are evidenced by a promissory note. The note will either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, or converted upon consummation of a business combination into additional Private Warrants equal to 1.00 per Private Warrant. If our estimate of the costs of completing the contemplated business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate the business prior to a business combination. Moreover, in addition to the access 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 to the Working Capital Loans, we may need to obtain other financing either to complete a business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon consummation of a business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of a business combination. If we are unable to complete a business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following a business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. We have until May 24, 2023 to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution unless time for which the business combination is otherwise extended as further outlined above under the heading Charter Amendments . Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution and our working capital deficiency raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance of the financial statements. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after May 24, 2023. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered into any non-financial agreements involving assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an administrative agreement to reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team by the sponsor, members of our sponsor, and the Company s management team or their affiliates in an amount not to exceed 10,000 per month in the event such space and/or services are utilized and the Company does not pay a third party directly for such services, from the date of closing of the Public Offering. Upon completion of a business combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per units, or 4,025,000 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Registration Rights The holders of (i) the founder shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of the Public Offering, (ii) Private Warrants, which were issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, and the common stock underlying such Private Warrants and (iii) Private Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and the securities underlying such securities) have registration rights to require the Company to register a sale of any of its securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company, subject to certain limitations. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: Derivative Warrant Liabilities We account for the warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815 ), under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity classification and must be recorded as liabilities. As the warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815, the Warrants are measured at fair value at inception and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in the Statements of Operations in the period of change. Convertible Promissory Note On March 24, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 1,500,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Company. At the option of the Sponsor, at any time on or prior to the maturity date, any unpaid principal amount outstanding may be converted into whole warrants Conversion Warrants to purchase Class A common stock at a conversion price equal to 1.00 per warrant. We elected the fair value option as the reporting value of the Convertible Promissory Note. As a result of applying the fair value option, we record each draw with a gain or loss recognized at issuance, and subsequent changes in fair value are recorded as change in fair value of convertible promissory note on the statement of operations. The fair value is based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. These inputs reflect management s assumption a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. Redeemable Shares of Class A Common Stock We account for our Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our redeemable Class A common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, shares of redeemable Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our balance sheets. On May 18, 2022, the Company held a special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting pursuant to which the stockholders approved extending the date by which the Company had to complete a business combination from May 24, 2022 to November 24, 2022. In connection with the approval of the extension, stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 10,036,744 class A common stock. As a result, an aggregate of 102,894,278 (or approximately 10.25 per share) was released from the Trust Account to pay such stockholders. On November 23, 2022, the Company held a special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting pursuant to which the stockholders approved extending the date by which the Company had to complete a business combination from November 24, 2022 to May 24, 2023. In connection with the approval of the extension, stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 954,800 class A common stock. As a result, an aggregate of 10,142,765 (or approximately 10.62 per share) was released from the Trust Account to pay such stockholders. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 508,456 and 11,500,000 shares of class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) per Share We have two classes of stock, which are referred to as redeemable Class A common stock and non-redeemable Class A and Class B common stock. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of stock. The 15,184,550 potential common stock for outstanding warrants to purchase our stock were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net loss per common stock is the same as basic net loss per common stock for the periods. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. As we are a smaller reporting company, adoption of ASU 2020-06 will be required for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods with those fiscal years. The Company is still evaluating the impact of ASU 2020-06 and will adopt as required. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 KINGSWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # F - 2 Balance Sheets F - 3 Statements of Operations F - 4 Statements of Stockholders Deficit F - 5 Statements of Cash Flows F - 6 Notes to Financial Statements F - 7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Kingswood Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Kingswood Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders deficit and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. Additionally, management has determined that the business combination period is less than one year from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the combination period. The Company has until May 24, 2023 to complete a business combination. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. April 17, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 KINGSWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash Receivables Prepaid expense Total current assets Investment held in Trust Account Total Assets LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Accounts payable and accrued expenses Convertible promissory note Deferred tax liability Due to related party Total current liabilities Deferred underwriters compensation Warrant liability Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption, shares and shares at redemption value of Stockholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding, excluding and shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 KINGSWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Operating costs Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Interest income Transaction costs ) Change in fair value - convertible promissory note Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Total other income Income (loss) before provision for income taxes ) Provision for income taxes ) Net income (loss) ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock, subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A and Class B common stock not subject to redemption Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 KINGSWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Class A Class B Additional Total Common Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance-December 31, 2020 ) ) Offering costs ) ) Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance-December 31, 2021 ) ) Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption ) ) Net income Balance-December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 KINGSWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Change in fair value of convertible note ) Write-off due to related party ) Transaction costs Changes in working capital: Receivables ) Deferred tax liability Prepaid expense Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption Investment of cash in Trust Account ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from convertible promissory note Redemption of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption ) Net cash used in financing activities ) Net change in cash ) ) Cash, beginning of the period Cash, end of period Non-cash investing and financing transactions: Federal income taxes paid Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares at per Unit on November 24, 2020. Simultaneous with the closing of the Public Offering, the Company completed the sale of warrants (the Private Warrants ), at a price of per Private Warrant, which is discussed in Note 3. In connection with the Public Offering, the underwriters were granted a -day option from the date of the prospectus for the Public Offering to purchase up to additional units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), if any. Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, the underwriters elected to exercise its over-allotment option in full, which, at per Unit, generated gross proceeds of . The Company, in parallel, consummated the private placement of an additional Private Warrants at a price of per Private Warrant, which generated total additional gross proceeds of . The Company had until November 24, 2022 to complete a business combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company is unable to consummate its initial business combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company s obligations under the law of the state of Delaware to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law, and (iv) unless time for which the business combination is otherwise extended as further outlined below under the heading Proxy Statement . The Combination Period has been extended until May 24, 2023. The Company s initial stockholders agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete its initial business combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if the Company fails to complete a business combination during the Combination Period. Proxy Statement On May 18, 2022, the Company convened its special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting virtually, and voted in the affirmative on the proposal to extend the date by which the Company must complete its business combination from May 24, 2022 to November 24, 2022 Extension Amendment ). In connection with the Extension Amendment, shareholders holding Public Shares exercised their right to redeem such Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account (the 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 , or approximately per share to redeeming shareholders in the Extension Redemption. For each one-month extension, the Sponsor agreed to contribute, as a loan, to the Company or approximately per share for each Public Share not redeemed in connection with the Extension Amendment (the Contribution ). Monthly Contributions in the amount of are payable monthly through the Company s extension date in November 2022 (if the Sponsor fully extends the term the Company has to complete an initial business combination). On November 23, 2022, the Company convened its special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting 2 virtually, and voted in the affirmative on the proposal to extend the date by which the Company must complete its initial business combination from November 24, 2022 to May 24, 2023 (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). In connection with the Extension Amendment, shareholders holding Public Shares exercised their right to redeem such Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account (the Extension Redemption ). On November 21, 2022, the Company paid from the Trust Account an aggregate amount of , or approximately per share to redeeming shareholders in the Extension Redemption. Associated with the Merger Agreement (described below), Wentworth has agreed to deposit per month into the Trust Account until the consummation of the business combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, was deposited in the Trust Account. Business Combination Agreement On July 7, 2022, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Binah Capital Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Kingswood Holdings ), Kingswood Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings Kingswood Merger Sub ), Wentworth Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings Wentworth Merger Sub ), and Wentworth Management Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Wentworth ). In addition, contemporaneously with the execution of the Merger Agreement, (i) certain holders of Wentworth s membership units representing a majority of the Wentworth s outstanding membership interests entered into a Wentworth Support Agreement pursuant to which such Wentworth members agreed, among other things, to approve the Merger Agreement and the transaction, (ii) the Company and Company s Sponsor entered into a Founder Support Agreement pursuant to which certain holders of founder shares agreed to approve the Merger Agreement and the transaction and (iii) certain holders of Kingswood s common stock, par value per share Kingswood Common Stock and Kingswood Private Placement Warrants entered into a Founder Support Agreement, pursuant to which, among other things, such holders of Kingswood Common Stock agreement to approve the Merger Agreement and the transaction. Associated with the Merger Agreement, Wentworth has agreed to pay for certain merger related expenses and additional funding in the Trust Account. As of December 31, 2022, Wentworth owed an aggregate of to the Company for these items. On December 31, 2022 the Company has forgiven this amount due from Wentworth. On December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Wentworth to extend the termination date of the merger agreement from December 30, 2022 to June 30, 2023. Liquidity, Capital Resources, and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of and working capital deficit of excluding taxes payable from the Trust Account. On March 24, 2022, the Company s Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to in the form of convertible promissory notes as may be required (the Working Capital Loans or Convertible Promissory Note ). If the Company completes a business combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Such Working Capital Loans are evidenced by a promissory note. The note will either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, or converted upon consummation of a business combination into additional Private Warrants equal to per Private Warrant. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, was drawn on the convertible promissory note, presented at its fair value of , and , respectively. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 due from taxing authorities related to excess estimated tax payments. to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Company. At the option of the Sponsor, at any time on or prior to the maturity date, any unpaid principal amount outstanding may be converted into whole warrants Conversion Warrants to purchase Class A common stock at a conversion price equal to per warrant. The Company elected the fair value option as the reporting value of the Convertible Promissory Note. As a result of applying the fair value option, the Company records each draw with a gain or loss recognized at issuance, and subsequent changes in fair value are recorded as change in fair value of convertible promissory note on the statement of operations. The fair value is based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. These inputs reflect management s assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 class A common stock. As a result, an aggregate of (or approximately per share) was released from the Trust Account to pay such stockholders. On November 23, 2022, the Company held a special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting pursuant to which the stockholders approved extending the date by which the Company had to complete a business combination from November 24, 2022 to May 24, 2023. In connection with the approval of the extension, stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of class A common stock. As a result, an aggregate of (or approximately per share) was released from the Trust Account to pay such stockholders. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the balance sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable common stock resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Class A common stock reflected in the accompanying balance sheets are reconciled in the following table. Less: Redemptions ) Plus: Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 after the consummation of a business combination, (2) not be entitled to redemption from the funds held in the Trust Account, or any liquidating distributions. The Company has until May 24, 2023 (as extended) to consummate a business combination, and if a business combination is not consummated, the Company will liquidate and the shares will become worthless. The shares were issued in October 2020 and November 2020 Grant Dates ), and the shares vest, not upon a fixed date, but upon consummation of an initial business combination. Since the approach in ASC 718 is to determine the fair value without regard to the vesting date, the Company has determined the valuation of the Class B shares as of the Grant Dates. The valuation resulted in a fair value of per share as of the Grant Dates, or an aggregate of for the shares. The aggregate amount paid for the acquired shares was approximately . The excess fair value over the amount paid is , which is the amount of share-based compensation expense which the Company will recognize upon consummation of an initial business combination. unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. potential common stock for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s stock were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31,2021 and 2022 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net loss per common stock is the same as basic net loss per common stock for the periods. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net income per share for each class of common stock: 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock, subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, redeemable Class A common stock Net income (loss) available to Non-Redeemable Class A and Class B common stock ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-Redeemable Class A and Class B common stock Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Non-Redeemable Class A and Class B common stock Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock, par value per share and three-fourths of redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. Each whole warrant will become exercisable on the later of the completion of the initial business combination or from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire after the completion of the initial business combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, the underwriters elected to exercise their full over-allotment option of Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Upon closing the Public Offering and the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, a total of per Unit) was placed in a U.S.-based trust account, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. Warrants Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of a business combination and (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial business combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th business day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 after the completion of a business combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company may call the Public Warrants for redemption: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption (the -day redemption period to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis , as described in the warrant agreement. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete the initial business combination within the combination period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. If (x) the Company issues additional common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. Private Warrants at a price of per Private Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement. A portion of the proceeds from the private placement was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants sold in the Public Offering except that the Private Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or their permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until after the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. The Company s Sponsor has agreed to: (i) waive its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial business combination; (ii) waive its redemption rights with respect to its Founder Shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial business 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 of the Company s public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial business combination within months from the closing of the Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity; (iii) waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to its Founder Shares if the Company fails to consummate its initial business combination within months from the closing of the Public Offering, although the Sponsor will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares it holds if the Company fails to complete its initial business combination within the prescribed time frame; and (iv) vote any Founder Shares and any public shares purchased during or after the Public Offering (including in open-market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the Company s initial business combination. , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for shares of Class B common stock, par value per share (the Founder Shares ). On October 22, 2020 and November 3, 2020, the Sponsor surrendered an aggregate of Founder Shares, which were cancelled, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding and held by the Sponsor. Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. In connection with the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option on November 24, 2020, the Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The initial stockholders have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) after the completion of the initial business combination; or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial business combination that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property; except to certain permitted transferees and under certain circumstances (the lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the initial business combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial business combination which results in the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. In October 2020 and November 2020 Grant Dates the Sponsor transferred a total of Founder Shares to the Company s directors. The shares vest, not upon a fixed date, but upon consummation of an initial business combination. The Company has determined the valuation of the Class B shares as of the Grant Dates. The valuation resulted in a fair value of per share as of the Grant Dates, or an aggregate of for the shares. The aggregate amount paid for the transferred shares was approximately . The excess fair value over the amount paid is , which is the amount of share-based compensation expense which the Company will recognize upon consummation of an initial business combination. Convertible Promissory Note In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, on March 24, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to in the form of a non-interest bearing convertible promissory notes to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Company Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a business combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. Additionally, the Company may convert the unpaid principal balance into whole warrants Conversion Warrants to purchase Class A common stock at a conversion price equal to per warrant. In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022, was drawn on the convertible promissory note, presented at its fair value of on the accompanying balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowings under the convertible promissory note. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services as needed. Upon completion of the initial business combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Sponsor has agreed to forgive the administrative service fee in the amount that had been previously accrued. amount has been paid related to the administrative service fee. -day option from the date of the Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at per Unit. Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering on November 24, 2020, the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option to purchase Units, generating an aggregate of gross proceeds of . On November 24, 2020, the Company paid a fixed underwriting discount of per Unit, or million in the aggregate, in connection with the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full, of which was paid in the form of Units and was paid in cash. Additionally, a deferred underwriting discount of per Unit, or million in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Business Combination In connection with the initial business combination, the company engaged Oppenheimer Co. Inc. and SPAC Advisory Partners LLC to act as its financial advisors, each will be entitled to customary fees in such capacity, with payment due at, and conditioned upon, the closing of the business combination. shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share and with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preferred shares issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to vote for each share of Class A common stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding subject to possible redemption , respectively, and shares of Class A common stock not subject to redemption held by the underwriters and/or its designees. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to vote for each share of Class B common stock. There were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders, except as required by law or stock exchange rule. The Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock on the first business day following the consummation of the initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (a) the total number of all shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding (including any shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to the underwriter s over-allotment option) upon the consummation of the Public Offering, plus (b) the sum of all shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination(including any shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to a forward purchase agreement), excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private shares issued to the Sponsor, members of the Company s management team or any of their affiliates upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, minus (c) the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with the initial business combination, provided that such conversion of shares of Class B common stock shall never be less than the initial conversion ratio. In no event will the Class B common stock convert into Class A common stock at a rate of less than -to one. Federal Net Operating Loss Change in fair value of convertible debt ) Business combination expenses Total deferred tax assets Valuation Allowance ) ) Deferred tax liability ) The income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consists of the following: Deferred ) ) States Current Deferred Change in valuation allowance Income tax provision As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, which do not expire, and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . A reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: Business Combination expenses Transaction costs ) Change in fair value of Derivative Liabilities ) Change in valuation allowance ) Income tax provision The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities since inception. Liabilities: Convertible Promissory Note 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 Public Warrants 

December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: U.S. Money Market Mutual Funds held in Trust Account (1) Liabilities: Private Placement Warrants Public Warrants 

 (1) The fair value of the U.S. Mutual Funds held in Trust Account approximates the carrying amount primary due to their short-term nature. Warrants and Convertible Promissory Note The Warrants and Convertible Promissory Note are accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 on the balance sheets. The warrant liabilities and Convertible Promissory Note are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities and convertible promissory note in the statement of operations. Measurement On December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company s Public Warrants were separately trading in an active market and valuation of the Company s Public Warrant liability was determined based upon the closing market price at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company used a modified Black-Scholes model to value the Private Warrants. The Warrants were classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement date due to the use of unobservable inputs. The key inputs into the modified Black Scholes option pricing model for the Private Placement Warrants were as follows: Exercise price Term (years) Risk free rate Dividend yield Volatility On December 31, 2022, the Company used a yield-to-maturity bond pricing model to value the Convertible Promissory Note. The Convertible Promissory Note was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement date due to the use of unobservable inputs. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 Term (years) Probability of a successful business combination Present value factor The Company s use of models required the use of subjective assumptions: The risk-free interest rate assumption was based on the five-year U.S. Treasury rate, which was commensurate with the contractual term of the Private Warrants and Convertible Promissory Note. An increase in the risk-free interest rate, in isolation, would result in an increase in the fair value measurement of the Private Warrant and Convertible Promissory Note and vice versa. An increase in the expected term, in isolation, would result in an increase in the fair value measurement of the warrant liabilities and Convertible Promissory Note and vice versa. The volatility assumption was based on the implied volatility from a set of comparable publicly-traded warrants as determined based on the size and proximity of other similar business combinations. An increase in the expected volatility, in isolation, would result in an increase in the fair value measurement of the Private Warrant and Convertible Promissory Note and vice versa. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of changes in fair value of the beginning and ending balances for our financial instruments classified as Level 3: Borrowing - Convertible Promissory Note Change in fair value of Convertible Promissory Note ) Change in fair value - Private Warrant Liabilities ) Fair value as of December 31, 2022 Total Warrant Liabilities Fair value as of December 31, 2020 Transfers to Level 1 (1) ) Change in fair value ) Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

 (1) Assumes the Public Warrants were reclassified on December 31, 2021. 
 Other than the Public Warrant liability being reclassified from Level 3 to Level 1, there were no other reclassifications to or from any other level. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer (who is also our Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our current Chief Executive Officer (who is also our Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Certifying Officer ), conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officer concluded the following: a material weakness existed in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, in that the Company did not have a control in place to review the appropriateness of an accrual. The initial recording of an accrual for legal services was recorded and subsequently, upon receipt of a legal confirmation received from the Company s counsel, as requested during the annual audit process, the amount owed was less than the amount recorded. As a result, the initial accrual recorded was adjusted to the actual amount owed based upon the legal confirmation. 
 In addition to the above the Company had previously has disclosed a material weakness due to the events that led to the Company s restatement of its financial statements to reclassify the Company s Warrants and Public shares, as well as the restatement for the temporary equity subject to possible redemption, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to these complex financial instruments. Material Weakness A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. On April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC (the SEC Staff issued a public statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Staff Statement ). In the SEC Staff Statement, the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to equity. In light of the SEC Staff Statement, the Company s management reevaluated the terms of the Public Warrants, Private Placement Warrants, and warrants underlying the underwriter units (together, the warrants ), and determined that the warrants should be classified as liabilities measured at fair value upon issuance, with subsequent changes in fair value reported in earnings each reporting period, as previously restated in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,2020 and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 31, 2021. Previously, a portion of the Public Shares were classified as permanent equity to maintain stockholders equity above 5 million on the basis that we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001. Thus, the SPAC can only complete a merger and continue to exist as a public company if there is sufficient Public Shares that do not redeem at the merger and so it is appropriate to classify the portion of its Public Shares required to keep its stockholders equity above 5 million as shares not subject to redemption. Until recently, the SEC had never expressed any disagreements with the aforementioned accounting classification. However, in light of the Comment Letters, the Company s management has, after taking appropriate professional advice, together with management re-evaluated our accounting classification of Public Shares. Upon re-evaluation, 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 management and together with the Audit Committee determined that the Public Shares include redemption rights that is contingent upon the consummation of a business combination, as a business combination is an event outside the sole control of the Company, the Company is required to classify those Public Shares as temporary equity regardless of the charter s requirement. As such, management concluded that all Public Shares should be reported as temporary equity on the balance sheet and changes to the Company s net income (loss) per share calculations that have been restated within Amendment No.1 to our Forms 10-K/A for the year ending December 31, 2020, and our Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ending September 30, 2021. Additionally, management fail to properly reconcile our legal fees on a timely basis. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) our management is responsible for establishing and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 1. Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 2. Provide reasonable assurance that transaction are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 3. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the material weakness described elsewhere in this Report. As a result of the evaluation, the Company determined that a material weakness existed in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, in that the Company did not have a control in place to review the appropriateness of an accrual. Remediation Plan We have identified and begun to implement a plan designed to remediate the material weakness described in this Item 9A and to enhance our overall control environment. We plan to complete the remediation process by the end of the second quarter of 2023, and we will not consider the material weakness remediated until our enhanced control is operational for a sufficient period of time and tested, enabling management to conclude the enhanced controls are operating effectively. Our remediation plan includes the implementation of controls over the process of reviewing liabilities and services performed in order to accurately estimate accruals requiring recordation. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Notwithstanding this material weakness, management has concluded that our audited financial statements included in this Report are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with GAAP for each of the periods presented therein. This Report does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting Other than the material weakness as described in this Item9A, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15-(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter that have material affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting did not result in the proper classification of our warrants. Since their issuance on November 24 2020, our warrants have been accounted for as equity within our balance sheet. On April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC (the SEC Staff issued a public statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC Staff Statement ). Management together with the Audit Committee has re-evaluated the effectiveness of Company s disclosure and controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The Company s management has concluded that, in light of the errors and events described above, and the filing of the Form 10-K, a material weakness exists in the Company s internal control over financial reporting and that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. To remediate these material weaknesses, we developed a remediation plan with assistance from our accounting advisors and have dedicated significant resources and efforts to the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements, we plan to enhance our system of evaluating and implementing the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements. Our plans at this time include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors and Executive Officers Our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Gary Wilder 61 Executive Chairman and Director Michael Nessim 56 Chief Executive Officer and Director Larry Roth 65 Director Jonathan Massing 63 Director David Hudd 64 Executive Director and General Counsel Howard Garland 57 Director Lisa Roth 63 Director Caroline O Connell 55 Director Jeremy Wilder 35 Director Gary Wilder has served as our Executive Chairman and Director since July 2020. Since January 2019, Mr. Wilder has served as Group Chief Executive Officer of KWG, a publicly traded, fully integrated wealth and investment management group with over 16,000 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 active clients and over 7 billion of assets under advice and management, and as Executive Chairman of Kingswood US, KWG s subsidiary and U.S. holding company. He joined the board of KWG in October 2017 as a non-Executive Director. Mr. Wilder is also a co-founding partner of KPFLP and alongside his partner, Jonathan Massing, has undertaken a range of long-term private equity investments and financial transactions. In September 2006, Mr. Wilder co-founded Moor Park Capital Partners LLP, a private real estate firm based in London, where he currently serves as the Executive Chairman. Prior to founding Moor Park, Mr. Wilder was a Managing Partner and the Co-Head of European Funds Group at Nomura, a team he created following his role as head of Nomura s Real Estate Principal Finance Group. He was also a member of Nomura s Global Fixed Income Committee. Between 1999 and 2002, Mr. Wilder was Partner Managing Director at Credit Suisse First Boston responsible for its European Real Estate Investment Banking business. Between 1992 and 1999, Mr. Wilder was a Managing Director at Bankers Trust (now Deutsche Bank) in the Real Estate Group. Mr. Wilder is a Chartered Accountant and a graduate of the Cass Business School, University of London, where he attained a Bachelor of Science degree with honors. Mr. Wilder is authorized as a Senior Manager Function holder by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. Michael Nessim has been our Chief Executive Officer and Director since July 2020. Mr. Nessim also is currently the President of Kingswood US. Mr. Nessim joined Kingswood US through KWG s acquisition of a majority interest in MHC. MHC is the majority owner of Benchmark. Mr. Nessim has served since March 2019 as the President and CEO of Benchmark. Prior to that, Mr. Nessim served as the president of Bluecrest Capital LLC for 13 years. Mr. Nessim currently holds Series 7, 24, 63 and 65 Securities Licenses. Mr. Nessim graduated from C.W. Post University with a degree in Business Management. R. Lawrence (Larry) Roth has served as our lead independent director since July 2020. Since October 2016, Mr. Roth has served as the Managing Partner of RLR Strategic Partners LLC, a consulting company, where he works closely with senior management teams, boards of directors and advisory boards across the wealth management space to deliver high-impact strategic growth plans, as well as plan execution support. In addition to strategic planning, Mr. Roth also provides comprehensive M A advisory solutions, delivered in association with Berkshire Global Advisors, a leading global boutique investment bank focused on mergers acquisitions for the financial services sector. Mr. Roth currently serves on the boards of directors as well as advisory boards of the following: Advisory Board Chairman of Haven Tower Group, Member of the Board of Directors of Oppenheimer Co. Inc., Member of the Board of Directors of Clark Capital Management Group and Editorial Advisory Board Member for Real Assets Adviser. From May 2014 to September 2016, Mr. Roth served as Chief Executive Officer of Cetera Financial Group, the second largest network of independent broker-dealers in the U.S. From 2013 to 2014, Mr. Roth was the Chief Executive Officer of Realty Capital Securities, a financial services firm engaged in the independent wealth management business. From 2006 to 2013, Mr. Roth was Chief Executive Officer of AIG Advisors Group, one of the largest networks of independent broker-dealers in the country. He has also previously served as a Managing Director of Berkshire Global Advisors and remains affiliated with the firm today as a Senior Advisor. Mr. Roth first entered the wealth management industry as an entrepreneur when he personally acquired Vestax, a Hudson, Ohio-based full-service independent broker-dealer. Mr. Roth has an undergraduate degree from Michigan State University and a J.D. from the University of Detroit School of Law. He is also a graduate of the Owner/President Management Program at Harvard University s Graduate School of Business Administration. He holds Series 7, 24, 63 and 79 FINRA registrations. Jonathan Massing has served as a director since November 2020. Mr. Massing also serves currently as the non-executive Deputy Chairman of KWG. Mr. Massing was appointed as a non-executive director of KWG in 2017 and, in 2019, assumed the role of Deputy Chairman. Prior to joining KWG, Mr. Massing served as one of the founding partners of KPFLP starting in June 2004. In 1993, Mr. Massing became a founding partner of Kingswood LLP, a City-based professional advisory firm specializing in corporate finance and other professional services for private entrepreneurial businesses and smaller companies. In 1998, Mr. Massing set up KIP as an independent, UK Financial Conduct Authority regulated, private equity investor. KIP also acts as General Partner to KPFLP. Mr. Massing began his career as a chartered accountant at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in 1981. Mr. Massing is a member of the Corporate Finance Faculty of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, holding the Corporate Finance Diploma entitling the use of the designation CF . In 2010, he was admitted as a Member of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (MRICS). Mr. Massing attained a Bachelor of Science with Honors at Cardiff University. David Hudd has served as a director since July 2020. Mr. Hudd currently is also a non-executive director of and legal consultant to KWG. Mr. Hudd is also senior counsel and a former partner of Hogan Lovells, where he served as Deputy CEO from July 2014 to July 2020. Mr. Hudd joined Lovells (now Hogan Lovells) as its first dedicated capital markets partner in 1994 to establish the firm s structured finance practice. Before his appointment as Deputy CEO, Mr. Hudd led the firm s global finance practice. Mr. Hudd served as Head of Structured Finance at Banque Indosuez in London (now Cr dit Agricole) between 1993 and 1994, as Head of Structured Finance at Sanwa International in London (now Mitsubishi UFJ Group) between 1991 and 1993, and as Head of Legal and subsequently 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Head of Structured Finance at Banque Paribas in London (now BNP Paribas) from 1985 to 1990. Mr. Hudd started his career as an Associate at Linklaters. Mr. Hudd graduated with an MA in Jurisprudence from Oxford University and is qualified as a solicitor. Howard Garland has served as a director since November 2020. Mr. Garland is also a Partner of Pollen Street and a member of the firm s private equity and credit investment committees. He is currently a non-executive director of KWG, in which capacity he has served since December 2019. Beginning in 2012, Mr. Garland spent three years assisting the Swedish credit institution Hoist Finance to enter the UK debt collecting and non-performing loan debt purchasing sector, acting as the UK Chief Operating Officer and supporting the acquisition of a number of UK companies and debt portfolios in both a structuring and operational role. Mr. Garland has a 1st class honors degree in Mathematics from University College London. Lisa Roth has served as a director since November 2020. Ms. Roth has been since 1999 the president of Monahan Roth, LLC, a professional consulting firm offering consulting, expert witness and mediation services on financial and investment services topics including regulatory compliance, product due diligence, suitability, supervision, information security and related topics. Previously, Ms. Roth founded ComplianceMAX Financial Corp. (purchased by National Regulatory Services in 2007), a regulatory compliance company offering technology and consulting services to more than 1,000 broker-dealers and investment advisers. Ms. Roth has been engaged as an expert witness on more than 150 occasions, including FINRA, JAMS and AAA arbitrations, and Superior Court and other litigations, providing research, analysis, expert reports, damages calculations and/or testimony at deposition, hearing and trial. Ms. Roth also has served since April 2016 as the President, AML Compliance Officer and Chief Information Security Officer of Tessera Capital Partners. Tessera is a limited purpose broker dealer offering new business development, financial intermediary relations, client services and marketing support to investment managers and financial services firms. Ms. Roth holds FINRA Series 7, 24, 53, 4, 65, 99 Licenses. Previously, Ms. Roth has served in various executive capacities with Keystone Capital Corporation, Royal Alliance Associates, First Affiliated Securities Inc. (now First Allied Securities, Inc.), and other brokerage and advisory firms. Ms. Roth attained a Bachelor of Arts Degree and was awarded the History Prize from Moravian College in Bethlehem, PA. For the avoidance of doubt, Ms. Roth is unrelated to Mr. Roth. Caroline O Connell has served as a director since November 2020. Ms. O Connell has been since September 2019 the Chief Strategy and Customer Experience Officer of Equitable (formerly AXA Equitable) and a member of the firm s Operating Committee. Previously, Ms. O Connell held several roles at BNY Mellon, which she joined the Pershing division in 1991, including Chief Strategy Officer for Pershing and Chief Marketing Officer for its Investment Services business s. Ms. O Connell was a board member of the Securities Industry Institute at The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. She is part of the Strategic Advisory Board for FTV Capital, a multi-billion dollar venture capital and private equity firm as well as Senior Advisor to Omega Venture Partners, a start-up venture capital firm specializing in human-enabled artificial intelligence. Ms. O Connell is also co-founder of the Outthinker Chief Strategy Officer Network and a member and former Chair of the Communications Committee of The Women s Forum of New York. Ms. O Connell holds FINRA series 7, 24 and 63 Licenses. Ms. O Connell holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Education and Master of Business Administration in Marketing from Old Dominion University in Norfolk, Virginia. Jeremy Wilder has served as director since April 2021. Mr. Wilder has served as General Counsel of Kingswood US, LLC since February 2021. He previously was General Counsel of Hospitality Investors Trust, Inc. from 2017 to 2019 and AR Global, LLC from 2012 to 2017. Mr. Wilder graduated from Nottingham University, UK, with a degree in Politics. He graduated from BPP University Law School, UK, obtaining a GDL, LLB and LPC. Mr. Wilder also received a diploma from New York University in Real Estate Finance and Investment. Mr. Wilder currently holds FINRA licenses 7, 24 and 63. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of eight members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Jonathan Massing and Larry Roth, will expire at the first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of David Hudd, Lisa Roth and Gary Wilder, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Howard Garland, Michael Nessim and Caroline O Connell, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our Charter. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Director Independence An independent director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We have six independent directors as defined in applicable SEC rules. Our board of directors has determined that each of Howard Garland, Larry Roth, David Hudd, Jonathan Massing, Lisa Roth and Caroline O Connell is an independent director as defined in applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Board Committees Audit Committee We have an Audit Committee comprised of Mr. Garland, Ms. Roth and Ms. O Connell each of whom is independent under the applicable SEC rules. Mr. Garland serves as the chair of the Audit Committee. Effective December 31, 2022, Mr. Massing resigned as a member of the Audit Committee and following Mr. Massing s resignation, Caroline O Connell a current member of Board was appointed as a member of the Audit Committee. Each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Garland qualifies as an Audit Committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The Audit Committee is responsible for: meeting with our independent accountants regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent auditor; determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the Public Offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the Public Offering; and reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing holders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our Audit Committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

 56 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation Committee We have a compensation committee comprised of Messrs. Roth and O Connell, each of whom is independent applicable SEC rules. Ms. O Connell serves as the chair of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee We have a nominating and corporate governance committee comprised of Messrs. Hudd and Roth. Mr. Hudd serves as the chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter that details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 

 57 

Table of Contents 
 The Charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. Code of Ethics and Committee Charters We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed copies of our Code of Ethics and our Audit Committee and compensation committee charters as exhibits to our registration statement in connection with the Public Offering. You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us in writing at 17 Battery Place, Room 625, New York, NY 10004 or by telephone at (212) 404-7002. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. We will pay each of Mr. Roth, Ms. Roth and Ms. O Connell an annual fee of 35,000 for their services as a director. None of our officers or other directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team in an amount not to exceed 10,000 per month in the event such space and/or services are utilized and we do not pay directly for such services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease making these payments. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our Audit Committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. It is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements with the post-transaction company after our initial business combination. Any such arrangements will be disclosed in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination, to the extent they are known at such time. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, but we do not believe that such arrangements will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022, by: each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock of, on an as-converted basis; each of our officers and directors; and all of our officers and directors as a group. 

 58 

Table of Contents 
 The following table is based on 3,383,456 shares of common stock of outstanding at December 31, 2022, of which 508,456 were shares of Class A common stock and 2,875,000 were shares of Class B common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Beneficially Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Owned (2) Kingswood Global Sponsor LLC (the sponsor) (3) 2,605,000 61.2 Gary Wilder (3) 2,605,000 61.2 Jonathan Massing (3) 2,605,000 61.2 HSQ Investments Limited (3)(5) 2,605,000 61.2 Seaponack, LLC (3)(4) 2,605,000 61.2 Michael Nessim (3) 2,605,000 61.2 David Hudd (3) 2,605,000 61.2 Larry Roth 200,000 4.7 Jeremy Wilder (4) Lisa Roth 35,000 Caroline O Connell 35,000 Howard Garland (3) (5) All Officers, Directors as a Group (9 Individuals) 2,875,000 67.5 

 Less than one percent (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of the Sponsor and each of the directors and executive officers of the Company is 17 Battery Place, Room 625, New York, NY 10004. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. (3) Kingswood Global Sponsor LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Michael Nessim, David Hudd, Gary Wilder, HSQ Investments Limited, Seaponack, LLC and Jonathan Massing are among the members of Kingswood Global Sponsor LLC and share voting and investment discretion with respect to the shares of Common Stock held of record by Kingswood Global Sponsor LLC. (4) Seaponack, LLC is a Delaware limited liability company, which holds an approximately 18.5 membership interest in Sponsor, and thus, may be deemed to beneficially own approximately 482,406 shares of Class B common stock held by Sponsor. Jeremy Wilder holds an approximately 6.46 membership interest in Seaponack LLC, and thus, may be deemed to beneficially own approximately 31,163 shares of Class B common stock held by Sponsor. Jeremy Wilder disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities held by Sponsor that may be deemed to be beneficially owned by Seaponack LLC, other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly, or indirectly. The address of the principal business office of Seaponack, LLC is 17 Battery Place, Suite 625, New York, New York 10004. (5) HSQ Investments Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of PSC Nominee 3 Limited, a UK company acting as the nominee for PSC III, a UK limited partnership. PSC III is managed by Pollen Street Capital Limited. Investment decisions for Pollen Street Capital Limited are made by its investment committee, the voting members of which are Lindsey McMurray, James Scott, Howard Garland, Michael England, Matthew Potter, and Ian Gascoigne, and each of them may be deemed to hold shared voting and investment discretion with respect to the shares of Class B common stock held by HSQ Investments Limited. The address of the principal business office of HSQ Investments Limited is 11-12 Hanover Square, London W1S 1JJ. 

 59 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Founder Shares On August 17, 2020, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock (the founder shares for 25,000, or 0.006 per share. On October 22, 2020, our sponsor surrendered 718,750 founder shares for no consideration. On November 3, 2020, our sponsor surrendered an additional 718,750 founder shares for no consideration. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the Company s expectation that the total size of the Public Offering would be a maximum of 11,500,000 units if the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the Public Offering. Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 6,481,550 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to our sponsor and one of the Company s directors at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 6,481,550. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) are not redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by such holders until 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Warrants included in the Units sold in the Public Offering. If the Company does not consummate its initial business combination by May 24, 2023, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The issuance of the Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. If the Company does not complete a business combination, then the proceeds will be part of the liquidating distribution to the public stockholders and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Underwriter Units In lieu of 0.9 of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, we issued to Oppenheimer Co. Inc. 104,000 units simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering Underwriter Units ). The Underwriter Units are identical to the units sold in the Public Offering, except that, so long as they are held by Oppenheimer Co. Inc. or its permitted transferees, the warrants underlying the Underwriter Units (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. In addition, Oppenheimer Co. Inc. has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to the shares underlying the Underwriter Units in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination by May 24, 2023. The Underwriter Units (and the underlying Class A Common Stock and warrants) were deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the date of the effectiveness of the registration statement relating to the Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. In addition, for so long as they are held 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 by Oppenheimer Co. Inc. or its permitted transferees, the warrants underlying the Underwriter Units may not be exercised more than five years after the effective date of the registration statement relating to the Public Offering. Registration Rights The holders of founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and Underwriter Units will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on November 24, 2020. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion the Company s initial business combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Administrative Services We will reimburse our sponsor and its affiliates for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team in an amount not to exceed 10,000 per month in the event such space and/or services are utilized and the Company does not pay a third party directly for such services, from the date of closing of the Public Offering. Upon completion of a business combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. Fees for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm since inception include: 

For the Year For the Year Ended December 31, Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Audit Fees (1) 150,498 94,245 Audit-Related Fees (2) Tax Fees (3) 8,775 All Other Fees (4) 29,767 Total Fees 148,973 94,245 

 (1) Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. (2) Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. (3) Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. (4) All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. 
 Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors Our Audit Committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public officering. As a result, the Audit Committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our Audit Committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our Audit Committee, and on a going-forward basis, the Audit Committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by Marcum LLP, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: (1) Financial Statements 
 Reference is made to the Index to Financial Statements of the Company under Item 8 of Part II above. (2) Financial Statement Schedule 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial, not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in Item 8 of Part II above. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

Exhibit Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001- 39700), filed with the SEC on November 25, 2020). 3.2 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-249437), filed with the SEC on October 23, 2020). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-249437), filed with the SEC on October 23, 2020). 4.2 Specimen Class A common stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-249437), filed with the SEC on October 23, 2020). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-249437), filed with the SEC on October 23, 2020). 4.4 Warrant Agreement between Kingswood Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, dated as of November 19, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-39700), filed with the SEC on November 30, 2020). 4.5 Description of Securities 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated November 19, 2020, by and among the Company, Kingswood Global Sponsor LLC and each of the initial stockholders of the Company (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39700), filed with the SEC on November 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 25, 2020). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 19, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39700), filed with the SEC on November 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 25, 2020). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 19, 2020, by and among the Company, Kingswood Global Sponsor LLC and the other holders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-39700), filed with the SEC on November 30, 2020). 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 10.4 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, November 19, 2020, by and among the Company, Kingswood Global Sponsor LLC and the other parties thereto (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-39700), filed with the SEC on November 30, 2020). 10.5 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 7, 2022, by and among Kingswood Acquisition Corp., Binah Capital Group, Inc., Kingswood Merger Sub, Inc., Wentworth Merger Sub, LLC and Wentworth Management Services LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39700), filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022). 10.6 Founder Support Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2022, by and among Kingswood Acquisition Corp., Binah Capital Group, Inc., Wentworth Management Services LLC, and Kingswood Global Sponsor, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39700), filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022). 10.7 Wentworth Support Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2022, by and among Kingswood Acquisition Corp., Wentworth Management Services, LLC and MHC Securities LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39700), filed with the SEC on July 7, 2022). 10.8 Side Letter Agreement, dated December 30, 2022, by and among Kingswood Acquisition Corp., its executive officers, its directors, and Kingswood Global Sponsor LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39700), filed with the SEC on January 4, 2023). 10.9 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 20, 2023, between Kingswood Acquisition Corp., Binah Capital Group, Inc., Kingswood Merger Sub, Inc., Wentworth Merger Sub, LLC and Wentworth Management Services LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39700), filed with the SEC on March 20, 2023). 14.1(1) Form of Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-249437), filed with the SEC on October 23, 2020). 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

 (1) Incorporated by reference to the Initial 10-K filed on March 18, 2021. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. April 17, 2023 KINGSWOOD ACQUISITION CORP. By: /s/ Michael Nessim Name: Michael Nessim Title: Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated below. Name Title Date /s/ Gary Wilder Executive Chairman and Director April 17, 2023 Gary Wilder /s/ Michael Nessim Chief Executive Officer and Director April 17, 2023 Michael Nessim (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Larry Roth Director April 17, 2023 Larry Roth /s/ Howard Garland Director April 17, 2023 Howard Garland /s/ David Hudd Director April 17, 2023 David Hudd /s/ Jeremy Wilder Director April 17, 2023 Jeremy Wilder /s/ Jonathan Massing Director April 17, 2023 Jonathan Massing /s/ Lisa Roth Director April 17, 2023 Lisa Roth /s/ Caroline O Connell Director April 17, 2023 Caroline O Connell 
 64 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 kwac-20221231xex4d5.htm
 EX-4.5

Exhibit 4.5 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following description summarizes certain terms of the securities of Kingswood Acquisition Corp. (the Company , our or we as set out more particularly in our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended from time to time Charter ). Pursuant to our Charter which was adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, the Company is authorized to issue (i) 110,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock ), including 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class B Common Stock ), and (ii) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share Preferred Stock ). The following description summarizes certain terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our Charter. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. Units Public Units Each unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock and three-fourths of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement governing the warrants, a warrantholder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the Company s shares of Class A Common Stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. The shares of Class A Common Stock and warrants comprising the units began separate trading on February 17, 2021. Unit holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A Common Stock and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless a unit holder holds a multiple of four units, the number of warrants issuable to such unitholder upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. The units that have not already been separated will automatically separate into their component parts in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and will no longer be listed thereafter. Underwriter Units In lieu of 0.9 of the gross proceeds of our initial public offering, the Company agreed to issue to Oppenheimer Co. Inc., and/or its designees, 104,000 units upon the consummation of our initial public offering. The underwriter units are identical to the units in sold in our initial public offering, except that, so long as they are held by Oppenheimer Co. Inc. or its permitted transferees, the warrants underlying the underwriter units (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may not (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis, and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. In addition, Oppenheimer Co. Inc. has agreed (x) to waive its redemption rights with respect to the shares underlying the units in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (y) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account Trust Account with respect to such shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination prior to May 24, 2023. Oppenheimer Co. Inc. and/or its designees have entered into a registration rights agreement with us giving them demand and piggy-back rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective date of the registration statement relating to our initial public offering with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and indirectly issuable upon exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. We will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. We will have no obligation to net cash settle the exercise of the warrants underlying the units. 
 1 

 Common Stock Stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of Class A Common Stock and holders of Class B Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our Charter, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of Common Stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Approval of certain actions will require the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the stockholders who attend and vote at a stockholder meeting of the company, and pursuant to our Charter; such actions include amending our Charter and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Because our Charter authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Upon the closing of our initial public offering and private placement of warrants occurring simultaneously therewith, a total of 117,848,550 was deposited into a trust account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the Trust Account ). We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many special purpose acquisition companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our Charter, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our Charter requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many special purpose acquisition companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the shares of Common Stock voted are voted in favor of our initial business combination. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, non-votes will 
 2 

 have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our Charter requires that at least five days notice will be given of any stockholder meeting. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Charter provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering Excess Shares without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open-market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased by them (including in open-market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in the event that only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum is present at a stockholders meeting held to vote on our initial business combination (and assuming the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised), in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need zero shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public stockholder on the record date for the annual meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. Pursuant to our Charter, if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination prior to May 24, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination prior to May 24, 2023. However, if our sponsor or management team acquired public shares in or acquire public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the shares of Common Stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the shares of Common Stock, except that we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. Founder Shares 
 3 

 The founder shares are designated as Class B Common Stock and, except as described below, are identical to the shares of Class A Common Stock included in the units being sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (ii) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights; (iii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our Charter (w) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated our initial business combination prior to May 24, 2023 or (x) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, (y) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial business combination prior to May 24, 2023, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period and (z) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open-market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination, and (iv) the founder shares are automatically convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in our Charter. The founder shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in, connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal in the aggregate, approximately 20 of the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A Common Stock by public stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the closing price of the shares of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Class A Common Stock for cash, securities or other property. Preferred Stock Our Charter authorizes 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock and provide that shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue shares of Preferred Stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of Common Stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue shares of Preferred Stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We had no Preferred Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2020. 
 4 

 Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided, in each case, that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrantholder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrantholder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless our unit holders hold a multiple of four units, the number of warrants issuable to such holders upon separation of the units will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of warrants. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a share of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the share of Class A Common Stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A Common Stock underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption of Warrants Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 
 
 5 

 upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A Common Stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A Common Stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. No fractional shares of Class A Common Stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of exercise, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than Class A Common Stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become exercisable for securities other than Class A Common Stock, the surviving company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the securities issuable upon the exercise of the warrants within 15 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. Redemption Procedures A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as specified by the holder) of the Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-Dilution Adjustments If the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is increased by a share capitalization payable in shares of Class A Common Stock, or by a sub-division of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, sub-division or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Common Stock. A rights offering to holders of Common Stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock) multiplied by (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A Common Stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock, in determining the price payable for Class A Common Stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume-weighted average price of shares of Class 
 6 

 A Common Stock as reported during the ten-trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to holders of Class A Common Stock on account of such Class A Common Stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A Common Stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each warrant), do not exceed 0.50 (being 5 of the offering price of the units sold in our initial public offering), (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Common Stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Common Stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Charter (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not consummate our initial business combination prior to May 24, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A Common Stock in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. Whenever the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A Common Stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume-weighted average trading price of our shares of Class A Common Stock during the 10-trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value of our shares of Class A Common Stock is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described under Redemption of Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A Common Stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of Class A Common Stock or other securities or 
 7 

 property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by us in connection with redemption rights held by stockholders as provided for in our Charter or as a result of the redemption of Class A Common Stock by us if a proposed initial business combination is presented to our stockholders for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a stockholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the shares of Class A Common Stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. Additionally, if less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A Common Stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A Common Stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Holders should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement relating to our initial public offering, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 6,481,550 warrants to sponsor and one of the Company s directors at a purchase price of 1.00 per private placement warrant. pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial public offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants) is not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, members of our sponsor or their permitted transferees. The sponsor or its permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the 
 8 

 private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in our initial public offering. If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the sponsor exercise fair market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the sponsor exercise fair market value. The sponsor exercise fair market value will mean the average reported closing price of the Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Class A Common Stock received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Dividends The payment of cash dividends on our Common Stock will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our Common Stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon. Our Charter Our Charter contains provisions designed to provide certain requirements and restrictions relating our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our Common Stock. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially owned 20 of our Common Stock upon the closing of our initial public offering, will participate in any vote to amend our Charter and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our Charter provides, among other things, that: 
 9 

 If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination prior to May 24, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law; Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares on our initial business combination; We are not prohibited from to entering into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers. In the event that we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm that such a business combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view; If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act; We must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; If our stockholders approve an amendment to our Charter (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not consummate our initial business combination prior to May 24, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A Common Stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein; and We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In addition, our Charter provides that we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. However, we may raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of our initial public offering, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Charter 
 10 

 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 Our Charter provides that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings of stockholders. Our authorized but unissued Class A Common Stock and Preferred Stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A Common Stock and Preferred Stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits Our Charter requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Charter or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 11 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Charter provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Special meeting of stockholders Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman. Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Action by written consent Any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B Common Stock. Classified Board of Directors Our board of directors will initially be divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. Our Charter provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any Preferred Stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. Class B Common Stock Consent Right For so long as any shares of Class B Common Stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of our Charter, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B Common Stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B Common Stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B Common Stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B Common Stock were present and voted. Securities Eligible for Future Sale 
 12 

 We have 14,479,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full) shares of Common Stock outstanding. Of these shares, 11,500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A Common Stock purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All 2,875,000 of the outstanding founder shares, all 104,000 of the underwriter shares, all 6,481,550 of the outstanding private placement warrants and all of the underwriter units are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 1 of the total number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding; or
 the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A Common Stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.
 
 Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination-related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;
 the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
 the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and
 at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10-type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company.
 
 As a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. Registration Rights The holders of the (i) founder shares issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) private placement warrants, which will be issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and the shares of Class A Common Stock underlying such private placement warrants and (iii) private placement warrants that may be issued 
 13 

 upon conversion of working capital loans will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior in connection with the consummation of our initial public offering. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement and assuming the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in full and 300,000 of working capital loans are converted into private placement warrants, we will be obligated to register up to 9,838,550 shares of Class A Common Stock and 6,859,500 warrants. The number of shares of Class A Common Stock includes (i) 2,500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the founder shares, (ii) 6,481,550 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the private placement warrants (iii) 104,000 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the underwriter units, and (iv) 300,000 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans. The number of warrants includes 6,481,550 private placement warrants and 78,000 warrants underlying the underwriter units. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 14 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 kwac-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant Name Jurisdiction Binah Capital Group, Inc. Delaware Kingswood Merger Sub, Inc. Delaware Wentworth Merger Sub, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 kwac-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Michael Nessim, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Kingswood Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Nessim Name: Michael Nessim Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 kwac-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Kingswood Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Michael Nessim, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Date: April 17, 2023 By: /s/ Michael Nessim Name: Michael Nessim Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 
 This certification shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authentications, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kwac-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kwac-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kwac-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kwac-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

