<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230414_10-K_edgar_data_1823854_0001213900-23-029862.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4440503</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>422045</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>902144</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>890741</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1107636</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1012800</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-029862.hdr.sgml : 20230414
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414160056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-029862
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230414
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823854
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				852816458
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39793
		FILM NUMBER:		23821073

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7114 EAST STETSON DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85251
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(480) 948-8200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7114 EAST STETSON DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85251

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Health Connect Acquisitions Corp. I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200908

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-029862.txt : 20230414

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_seniorconacq1.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________ TO
__________ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant SNRHU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, each at an exercise price of 11.50 per share SNRHW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the common stock shares held by non-affiliates
of the Registrant was approximately million. 

As of April 14, 2023, the Registrant had 
shares of its Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and shares of its Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value
per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 ii 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 45 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 46 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 46 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 51 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 51 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls And Procedures 
 52 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 53 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 53 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 54 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 58 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 59 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, And Director Independence 
 60 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 61 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 62 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 64 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

The statements contained
in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward- looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future.
In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predict, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward- looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward- looking statements in this Amended Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report on Form 10-K or Annual
Report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate
target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our
initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or
recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain
additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target
businesses; 

the ability of our officers
and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

our public securities 
potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our
securities; 

the use of proceeds not held
in the Trust Account (as described herein) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; or 

our financial performance. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements
involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or
performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Should one
or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

ii 

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk
Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

We are a recently incorporated
company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Our public stockholders may
not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder
shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public
stockholders do not support such a combination. 

Your only opportunity to effect
your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares
from us for cash. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business
combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make
it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. 

The requirement that we complete
our initial business combination within the completion window may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a
business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular
as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that
would produce value for our stockholders. 

Our search for a business combination,
and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent
coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect
to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce
the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants. 

If a stockholder fails to receive
notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures
for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

iii 

You will not have any rights
or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you
may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities
from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional
trading restrictions. 

You will not be entitled to
protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Because of our limited resources
and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business
combination. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the completion window, our public stockholders may receive
only approximately 10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will
expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of this
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for
at least the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses
and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team to
fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Past performance by our management
team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have
been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. 

Unlike some other similarly
structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional Class A common stock if we issue certain
shares to consummate an initial business combination. 

We may reincorporate in another
jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on stockholders
or warrant holders. 

Our initial business combination
and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination,
our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

iv 

PART
I 

References in this report
to we, us or the Company refer to Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I. References to our management 
or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Health
Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our initial stockholders refer to
the Sponsor. 

Item 1. BUSINESS. 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on August 27, 2020 as a Delaware corporation formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We have neither engaged in any
operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined
under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely
of cash. 

On December 15, 2020, we
consummated our initial public offering (the Public Offering of 41,400,000 units, including the issuance of 5,400,000 units
as a result of the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common
stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock
at a price of 11.50 per share. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds, before expenses,
of 414,000,000. Prior to the consummation of the Public Offering, on August 27, 2020, the Sponsor purchased 10,062,500 shares of Class
B common stock (the Founder Shares par value 0.0001 per share in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or 0.002
per share. On November 23, 2020, the Sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 shares of Class B common stock to the Company for cancellation for
no consideration, resulting in the Sponsor holding 8,625,000 Founder Shares. On December 10, 2020, we effected a 1:1.2 stock split of
our Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of 10,350,000 Founder Shares outstanding, all of which are held by the Sponsor. The
number of Founder Shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the Public Offering would be a maximum of 41,400,000
units and therefore that such Founder Shares would represent, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the outstanding shares of Class A common
stock under the Public Offering. 

Simultaneously with the consummation
of the Public Offering, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 10,280,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable
to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, to the Sponsor at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds,
before expenses, of approximately 10,280,000 (the Private Placement ). The warrants sold in the Private Placement, or the
private placement warrants, are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in the Public Offering, except that, so long as they
are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) they (including
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold until 30 days after the Company completes its initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders
on a cashless basis. 

Upon the closing of the Public
Offering and the Private Placement, 414,000,000 was placed in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting
as trustee (the Trust Account ). Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (the Charter provides that none of the funds held in trust will be released from the Trust Account until
the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any of the shares of Class A common stock
sold as part of the units sold in our Public Offering public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend the Charter to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of the public shares if we do not complete
an initial business combination by December 15, 2023 (as modified by the Extension Amendment described below) or with respect to any other
material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity or (iii) the redemption of 100 
of the public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by December 15, 2023 (as modified by the Extension Amendment
described below) . The proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in direct United States government treasury obligations
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

1 

After the payment of underwriting
discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of 14,490,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will
be payable upon consummation of our initial business combination if consummated) and approximately 1,000,000 in expenses relating to
the Public Offering, approximately 1,000,000 of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and Private Placement was not deposited into
the Trust Account and was retained by us for working capital purposes. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account remain on deposit
in the Trust Account earning interest. As of December 31, 2020, there was 414.0 million in investments and cash held in the Trust Account
and approximately 0.9 million of cash held outside the Trust Account available for working capital purposes. 

On April 14, 2022, the Company
entered into a promissory note with the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 3,000,000
(the Post-IPO Promissory Note ). The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of December
31, 2022 and the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination. If we complete a business combination, we would
repay such additional loaned amounts, without interest, upon consummation of the business combination. In the event that a business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such additional loaned amounts but
no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such additional loans (if
any) have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. If we fully draw down on the Post-IPO Promissory
Note and require additional funds for working capital purposes, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or our officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan us such additional funds as may be required. Borrowings made by the Company during the first quarter
of 2022 were subsequently formalized with the execution of the Post-IPO Promissory Note on April 14, 2022. On March 1, 2023, the Company
and Sponsor amended and restated the Promissory Note (the A R Promissory Note such that the A R Promissory Note
will be repaid on the earlier of (i) December 15, 2023 and (ii) the effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses, without interest. As of March
1, 2023, the Company was provided aggregate advances of 1,692,640 in loan proceeds pursuant to the A R Promissory Note. 

On December 12, 2022, the
Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware an amendment (the Extension Amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to change the date by which we must consummate a Business Combination from December 15, 2022
(the date that is 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering) to December 15, 2023 (the date that is 36 months from the closing
date of the Public Offering) or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors. Our stockholders approved the Extension Amendment
at a special meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting on December 9, 2022. In connection with the Special Meeting,
stockholders holding 40,171,206 shares of Class A common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption
price of approximately 10.10 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 405.8 million. Following such redemptions,
approximately 12.4 million was left in trust and 1,228,794 shares of Class A common stock remain outstanding. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination
using cash held in the Trust Account, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business
combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in
its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination
is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration
in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our shares of Class A common stock, we may apply the balance
of the cash released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations
of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business
combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

2 

Selection of Target Businesses 

While we may pursue an initial
business combination with a company in any sector or geography, we intend to focus our search on businesses serving the senior market
or capable of being repositioned to do so. Our Charter prohibits us from effectuating a business combination with another blank check
company or similar company with nominal operations. 

In accordance with Nasdaq
listing rules, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market
value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the
interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. We refer to
this as the 80 of fair market value test. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our Board based upon one
or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value).
Even though our Board will rely on generally accepted standards, our Board will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition,
the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgement. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business
judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender
offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of our satisfaction
of the 80 of fair market value test, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our Board is not able to independently determine
the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that
is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect
to satisfaction of such criteria. If our Board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or
businesses, or if we are considering an initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we will obtain an opinion with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria from an independent investment bank or an independent valuation or accounting firm. We do not intend
to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this stipulation,
our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective businesses, although
we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal
operations. 

We anticipate structuring our
initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 
of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such
that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business, in order to meet
certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we
will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target, or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own
a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test. If the business combination involves
more than one target business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses
and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder
approval, as applicable. 

To the extent we effect our
initial business combination with a company or companies that may be financially unstable or in early stages of development or growth,
we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such a situation. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent
in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

3 

We will craft a priority
list of companies based on the acquisition criteria above. These companies will primarily be sourced through our management team s
long-standing, extensive network of industry executives, investment firms, consultants, and intermediaries. 

In evaluating a prospective
target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with management, document
reviews, primary research, policy research, on-site visits, and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry.
We will lean heavily upon the decades of our management team s experience conducting diligence on a broad set of private and publicly
held healthcare companies. We expect this experience to allow our management to quickly focus on the key, material investment drivers
and reach the most insightful experts for the issue(s) at hand. 

The time required to select
and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process,
are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses
and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase shares or
public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their respective
affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current
commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such
transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information
not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. 

In the event that our initial
stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public
stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their
prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject
to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange
Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers
will comply with such rules. 

The purpose of any such purchases
of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. 

4 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders
of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities
on a national securities exchange. 

Our initial stockholders,
officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our initial stockholders,
officers, directors or their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us
directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of Class A common stock) following our mailing
of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or their respective affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who
have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination,
whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares
have not already been voted at the stockholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors,
advisors or any of their respective affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and
number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates will
be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect
any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject
to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders
upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business
days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and
on the conditions described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.00 per public share. The per share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we
will pay to the underwriters. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect
to our warrants. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares they hold and any public shares they may acquire during
or after the Public Offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Limitations on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i)
cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii)
the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares
of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the
terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial
business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, and all shares of Class A common stock
submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities
or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of the Public Offering, in order to, among other reasons,
satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

5 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination
either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote
by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or
conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with
our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing
for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s stockholder approval rules. 

The requirement that we provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above is contained in provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange
Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. 

If we provide our public
stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a stockholder meeting, we will: 

conduct the redemptions in
conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and
not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with the
SEC. 

If we seek stockholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of
outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement,
our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares they hold and any public shares purchased during or after the
Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes
of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of
our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, we would not need any shares in addition to our initial stockholders 
founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming
the over-allotment option was not exercised). These quorums and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders,
may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public
shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date
for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

6 

If a stockholder vote is
not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, we will: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant
to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents
with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination, which contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates
the solicitation of proxies. 

In the event we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a)
under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer
period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public
shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender
offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Upon the public announcement
of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our sponsor will terminate
any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply
with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

We intend to require our
public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street
name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to
our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the
date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to
two business days prior to the date on which the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination is to be held. In addition,
if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public
shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of
the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to
holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders
to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without
the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional
administrative cost. If the proposed initial business combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will
promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i)
cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii)
the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares
of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the
terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial
business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, and all shares of Class A common stock
submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities
or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase
agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into following consummation of the Public Offering, in order to, among other reasons,
satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. 

7 

Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion
of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Stockholder Approval 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent.
We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders
to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management
to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision,
a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption
rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price
or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the Public
Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block
our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires
as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However, we would not be
restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. 

Delivering Stock Certificates in Connection
with the Exercise of Redemption Rights 

As described above, we intend
to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in
 street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver
their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system,
prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date
may be up to two business days prior to the date on which the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination is to be
held. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking
redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote
in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two business days prior
to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials
until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption
rights. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials,
as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic
delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent
will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether
or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders
seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption
rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any request to redeem such
shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable.
Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently
decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return
the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing
to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

8 

If our initial business combination
is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be
entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates
delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed initial
business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until
December 15, 2023. 

Conduct of Redemptions Pursuant to Tender
Offer Rules 

If we conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), we will, pursuant to our Charter:
(a) conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and (b)
file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Submission of Our Initial Business Combination
to a Stockholder Vote 

In the event that we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our
public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor
of the business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding
capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled
to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares they hold and any public shares purchased during or after the Public Offering (including
in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of
the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination
once a quorum is obtained. As a result, we would not need any shares in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares to
be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment
option was not exercised). These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more
likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder
meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation
If No Initial Business Combination 

Our Charter provides that
we will have until December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors) to complete our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the
purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject, in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail
to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

9 

Our initial stockholders,
officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by December 15, 2023
(or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors). However, if our initial stockholders, officers or directors acquire public
shares in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such
public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period. 

The underwriters have agreed
to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission held in the trust account in the event we do not complete our initial
business combination and subsequently liquidate and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the trust account
that will be available to fund the redemption of our public shares. 

Our initial stockholders,
officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by December 15, 2023
(or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class
A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described above under Limitations on redemptions. 
For example, our board of directors may propose such an amendment if it determines that additional time is necessary to complete our initial
business combination. In such event, we will conduct a proxy solicitation and distribute proxy materials pursuant to Regulation 14A of
the Exchange Act seeking stockholder approval of such proposal, and in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the
redemption rights described above upon stockholder approval of such amendment. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies,
and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals
and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of
companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human
and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net
proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of
our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a stockholder
vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds
in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Employees 

We currently have four executive
officers: Richard T. Burke, Isaac Applbaum, Ryan Burke and Steven Schwartz. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific
number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed
our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business
has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to
have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

Available Information 

We are required to file Annual
Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material
events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary
course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy
and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC s Internet website
is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us
in writing at 7114 East Stetson Drive, Suite 400, Scottsdale, AZ 85251or by telephone at (480) 948-9200. 

10 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

RISK
FACTORS 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the prospectus associated with our Public Offering, before making a decision to invest in our securities.
If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In
that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR SEARCH FOR, AND CONSUMMATION
OF OR INABILITY TO 
CONSUMMATE, A BUSINESS COMBINATION 

Our stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such
vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such
a combination. 

We may choose not to hold
a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require stockholder approval under
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement, the decision
as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to
us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder
approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business
combination even if a majority of our public stockholders do not approve of the business combination we complete. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

Our initial stockholders
own 89.4 of our outstanding common stock after giving effect to the redemptions in connection with the Special Meeting. Our initial stockholders
and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A common stock prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that, if we seek stockholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial
business combination will be approved if we receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares voted at such meeting, including
the founder shares. As a result, we would not need any shares in addition to our initial stockholders founder to be voted in favor
of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option was
not exercised). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders
and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite
stockholder approval for such initial business combination. 

11 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. 

At the time of your investment
in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since
our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the
right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to
affect the investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the
period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in
which we describe our initial business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem
their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into
a business combination transaction agreement with minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its
owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions.
If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result,
would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or make us unable to satisfy a minimum cash condition as described above,
we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination.
Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights
with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital
structure. 

At the time we enter
into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and
therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption.
If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price,
or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet
such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we
initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange
for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness
at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class
B common stock results in the issues of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the shares
of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions
payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination.
The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire
deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination
available to us or optimize our capital structure. 

12 

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. 

If our initial business combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business
combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If
you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may
trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your
investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able
to sell your shares in the open market. 

Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus
(COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 

In March 2020, the World
Health Organization declared COVID-19 a global pandemic. This outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other
infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that has and may continue to adversely affect the economies and financial
markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we may consummate a business combination could be materially
and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict
travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers
are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for and
ability to consummate a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others.
If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, and result in protectionist
sentiments and legislation in our target markets, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business
with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate
a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including
as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third- party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable
to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk
Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination by December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors) may give potential target businesses
leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business
with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination
by December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors). Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage
over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular
target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we
get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial
business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

13 

We may not be able to complete our initial
business combination by December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors), in which case we would cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. 

We may not be able to find
a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination by December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the
board of directors). Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions,
volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow
both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit
our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity
and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively
impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors and their respective affiliates may elect to purchase
shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public
 float of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase
shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders,
directors, officers, advisors or their respective affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable
law and Nasdaq rules. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage
in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account
will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that
such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to
exercise its redemption rights. 

In the event that our initial
stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor
of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy
a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing
of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases
of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the
warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the
completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. We expect any such purchases will be reported
pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 

14 

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of
our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We will comply with the proxy
rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our
compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such stockholder
may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures
that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer
agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the date on which the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business
combination is to be held. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public
stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business
days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. 

In the event that a stockholder
fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not
be redeemed. 

You will not be entitled to protections normally
afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of
the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination
with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the Public Offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating
this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly,
investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately
tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419.
Moreover, if the Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in
the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial
business combination. For a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 
of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 without
our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material
loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions
with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number
of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 

15 

Because of our limited resources and the significant
competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds
in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We expect to encounter competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater
technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially
acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect
to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer
holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction
with a stockholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our
initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only their pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If the net proceeds of the Public Offering
not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least until December 15, 2023, it could limit the amount
available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on
loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 

Of the net proceeds of the
Public Offering, only 1,000,000 were available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We
believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least until December
15, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds
available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds
as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep
target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such
target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so.
If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and
were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds
to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. 

On April 14, 2022, the Company
entered into the Post-IPO Promissory Note, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 3,000,000.
The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of December 31, 2022 and the date on which the Company consummates
its initial business combination. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such additional loaned amounts, without interest,
upon consummation of the business combination. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such additional loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for
such repayment. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such additional loans (if any) have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. If we fully draw down on the Post-IPO Promissory Note and require additional funds for working capital
purposes, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us such additional
funds as may be required. Borrowings made by the Company during the first quarter of 2022 were subsequently formalized with the execution
of the Post-IPO Promissory Note on April 14, 2022. On March 1, 2023, the Company and Sponsor amended and restated the Promissory Note
such that the A R Promissory Note will be repaid on the earlier of (i) December 15, 2023 and (ii) the effective date of a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more
businesses, without interest. As of March 1, 2023, the Company was provided aggregate advances of 1,692,640 in loan proceeds pursuant
to the A R Promissory Note. 

16 

In the event that our offering
expenses exceed our estimate of 1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the
amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that
the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would
increase by a corresponding amount. The amount held in the trust account will not be impacted as a result of such increase or decrease.
If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties
to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their respective affiliates is
under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the
trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be
convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants
would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to
seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan
such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption
of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the
proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00
per share. 

Our placing of funds in the
trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers
(except for our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the
benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not
be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary
responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain
advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute
an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives
are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s
engagement would be in the best interests of the company under the circumstances. The underwriters of the Public Offering as well as our
registered independent public accounting firm will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust
account. 

Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in
connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived
that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per share redemption amount received by public
stockholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant
to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part,
our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar
agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public
share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if
less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability
will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies
held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust
account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share.
In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in
connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties
including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

17 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the
indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public stockholders. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of
the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has
no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against
our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action
on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising
their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors
choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public
stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the
trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having
breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive
damages. 

If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek
to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its
fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the
trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that
is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per share amount
that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

If, before distributing the
proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed
against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any
bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities
and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results. 

On April 12, 2021, the Acting
Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement regarding the accounting
and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled Staff Statement on Accounting
and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs (the SEC
Staff Statement ). Specifically, the SEC Staff Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender
offers following a business combination, which terms are deemed to be similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our
warrants and those of other SPAC entities. As a result of the SEC Staff Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our public
warrants and our private placement warrants and determined to reclassify the warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value,
with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. 

18 

As a result, now included
on our balance sheets contained elsewhere in this Annual Report are derivative liabilities related to our warrants. Accounting Standards
Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), provides for the remeasurement of the fair value of such derivatives
at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair value being recognized in earnings
in the statement of operations in the period of change. As a result of this recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements
and results of operations may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value
measurement, we expect that we will recognize going forward non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period until exercised
and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. 

We have identified a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting for complex financial instruments. If we are unable to develop and
maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting going forward, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and
operating results. 

Following the issuance of
the SEC Staff Statement on April 12, 2021, after consultation with our independent registered public accounting firm, our management and
our audit committee concluded that, in light of the SEC Staff Statement, it was appropriate for us to restate our previously issued financial
statements for the affected periods. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. We have determined to classify this circumstance as a material weakness. 

Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We have taken certain actions and continue to evaluate steps
to prevent as possible the necessity for restatements going forward. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly, and
there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. If we identify any new material weaknesses in
the future, any such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or
disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable
to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports. In addition to applicable stock exchange
listing requirements, investors may in such event lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result.
We cannot assure that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential
future material weaknesses. 

We, and following our initial business combination,
the post-business combination company, may face litigation and other risks as a result of material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting. 

The restatement described
in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the change in accounting for our
warrants, and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other disputes
which may include, among others, claims under federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatement
and material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that
such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete a business combination. 

19 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 

If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature
of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance
of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed
upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment
company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form
of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping,
voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are not subject to. 

In order not to be regulated
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged
primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government
securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter
to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale
or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 

We do not believe that our
anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may
only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted
to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business
plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant
bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act. The Public Offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment
securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of
our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to
amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; and (iii) absent an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of the Public Offering or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public
shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were
deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses
for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available
for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

If we are deemed to be an investment company
for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead
be required to liquidate the Company. To mitigate the risk of that result, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date
of the registration statement relating to our Public Offering, we may instruct Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company to liquidate
the securities held in the trust account and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash. As a result, following such change,
we will likely receive minimal, if any, interest, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount that our
public shareholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company if the assets in the trust account
had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC
issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals ), relating, among other things, to circumstances in which SPACs such as us
could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe
harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act,
provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have
a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals
would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial
business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement for its initial public offering. The
company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the registration
statement for its initial public offering. We understand that the SEC has recently been taking informal positions regarding the Investment
Company Act consistent with the SPAC Rule Proposals. 

20 

There is currently uncertainty
concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that does not complete its initial
business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. As indicated above, we completed our Public
Offering in December 2020 and have operated as a blank check company searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial
business combination since such time. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might
be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. If we are
required to liquidate the Company, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares in a successor operating business,
including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire
worthless. 

The funds in the trust account
have, since our Public Offering, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act. As of September 30, 2022, amounts held in trust account included approximately 2.2 million of accrued interest. To mitigate
the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may, on
or prior to December 15, 2023, instruct Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the trust account,
to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds
in the trust account in cash (i.e., in one or more bank accounts) until the earlier of the consummation of a business combination or our
liquidation. Following such liquidation of the assets in our trust account, we will likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds
held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would have otherwise received upon any redemption
or liquidation of the Company if the assets in the trust account had remained in U.S. government securities or money market funds. This
means that the amount available for redemption will not increase in the future. 

In addition, even prior to
December 15, 2023, we may be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term
U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to December 15, 2023, there is
a greater risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. Accordingly,
we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in the trust account at any time, even prior to December 15, 2023,
and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash, which would further reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive
upon any redemption or our liquidation. 

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. 

We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other
legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those
laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations,
as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our
initial business combination, and results of operations. 

If we have not completed an initial business
combination by December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors), our public stockholders may be forced
to wait beyond such date before redemption from our trust account. 

If we have not completed
an initial business combination by December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors), the proceeds then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of the interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public
shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public stockholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the
trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public stockholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding
up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the DGCL. In that case, investors may be forced to wait
beyond December 15, 2023 before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of
their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of
our liquidation unless we complete our initial business combination or amend certain material provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A common stock. Only upon our
redemption or any liquidation will public stockholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination. 

21 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims
by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution.
The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination by December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors)
may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section
280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during
which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims
brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However,
it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the December 15, 2023 date (or such earlier date
as determined by the board of directors) in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend
to comply with the foregoing procedures. 

Because we will not be complying
with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for
our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our
dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching
for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers,
etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders
with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount
distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.
We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could
potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders
may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public
stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by December 15,
2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors) is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and
such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or
due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims
of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
distribution. 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating
a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. 

Our efforts to identify a
prospective initial business combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may
pursue an initial business combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management
team to identify, acquire and operate a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team s established global relationships
and operating experience. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing strategic investments globally and
has done so successfully in a number of sectors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prohibits us from effectuating
a business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any
specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular
target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete
our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For
example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers
and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some
of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors
than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant
holders who choose to remain stockholders or warrant holders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the
value of their securities. Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they
are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary
duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender
offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

22 

We may seek business combination opportunities
in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. 

We will consider a business
combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine
that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess
all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable
to investors in the Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In
the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise
may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this prospectus regarding the areas of
our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our
management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose
to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial
business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although we have identified
general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter
into our initial business combination will not have attributes consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. If we complete our
initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful
as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective
business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise
their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial
business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available
for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from
an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our stockholders from a financial point of view. 

Unless we complete our initial
business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target
business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our stockholders
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We may issue additional shares of Class A common
stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of
our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio
greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 380,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share,
20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per
share. Immediately after the Public Offering, there were 338,600,000 and 9,650,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock
and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon
exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B common stock. The Class B common stock is automatically
convertible into Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination,
initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Immediately after the Public Offering, were be no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

23 

We may issue a substantial
number of additional shares of Class A common stock or shares of preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under
an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock to redeem
the warrants as described in Description of Securities - Warrants - Public Stockholders Warrants - Redemption of warrants
when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 or upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio
greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein.
However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination,
we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as
a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering
or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of
common stock or shares of preferred stock: 

may significantly dilute the
equity interest of investors in the Public Offering; 

may subordinate the rights
of holders of Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock; 

could cause a change in control
if a substantial number of shares of Class A common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net
operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing
market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

Unlike some other similarly structured special
purpose acquisition companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common stock if we issue certain shares
to consummate an initial business combination. 

The founder shares will automatically
convert into shares of Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and
subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities
are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of shares of Class
A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by public stockholders),
including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business
combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares
of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants
issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of founder shares
will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. This is different than some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition
companies in which the initial stockholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior
to our initial business combination. 

Resources could be wasted in researching business
combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We anticipate that the investigation
of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to
complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be
recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business
combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs
incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

24 

We may engage in a business combination with
one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors
or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In light of the involvement
of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with
our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities,
including, without limitation, those described under Management - Conflicts of Interest. Such entities may compete with
us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for
us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions
concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any
transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria
for a business combination as set forth in Proposed Business - Effecting our initial business combination - Selection of a target
business and structuring of our initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent
and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member
of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination
with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders,
potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to
our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors
will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares
they may acquire during or after the Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination
target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On August 27, 2020 our sponsor
subscribed for an aggregate 10,062,500 founder shares for a total subscription price of 25,000, or approximately 0.002 per share. On
November 23, 2020, our sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 founder shares to us for cancellation for no consideration resulting in our sponsor
holding 8,625,000 founder shares. Such shares are fully paid, and the cash amount of the subscription price therefor was received on September
22, 2020. On December 10, 2020, we effected a 1:1.2 stock split of our Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of 10,350,000 founder
shares outstanding, all of which are held by our sponsor. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the
company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash
contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the
expectation that the total size of the Public Offering would be a maximum of 41,400,000 units if the underwriters over-allotment
option was exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the Public Offering.
The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor has committed to
purchase an aggregate of 10,280,000 warrants, each exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, for an aggregate
purchase price of 10,280,000, or 1.00 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination.
The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting
a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the
initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as December 15, 2023 nears, which is the deadline for our completion of
an initial business combination. 

We may issue notes or other debt securities,
or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although we have no commitments
as of the date of this prospectus to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the Public
Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we
will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in
or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from
the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on
our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations
to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the
maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all
principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary
additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

25 

our inability to pay dividends
on our Class A common stock; 

using a substantial portion
of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common
stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility
in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to
adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability
to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and
other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one business
combination with the proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely
dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact
our operations and profitability. 

The net proceeds from the
Public Offering and the private placement of warrants provided us with 399,510,000 that we may use to complete our initial business combination
and pay related fees and expenses (after taking into account the 14,490,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust
account and the estimated offering expenses). 

We may effectuate our initial
business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including
the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that
present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By
completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic,
competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading
of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different
industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance
of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development
or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business
combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise
to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay
our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results
of operations. 

26 

We may attempt to complete our initial business
combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company
that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In pursuing our business
combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information
generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business
combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as
we suspected, if at all. 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our stockholders or warrant holders do not agree. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination
may impose a minimum cash requirement for: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital
or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete
our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have
redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection
with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their
shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required
to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to
us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares in connection with such initial business combination, all shares
of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business
combination. 

In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that
our stockholders may not support. 

In order to effectuate a
business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and
governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended the definition
of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with
respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities.
Amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, and amending
our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment
to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants,
50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by
December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors) or with respect to any other material provisions relating
to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally
change the nature of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration
for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time
to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 

27 

The provisions of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing
the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower
amendment threshold than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders
may not support. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement
to deposit proceeds of the Public Offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except
in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by
holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other
instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock
entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. Our initial stockholders, who
collectively beneficially own 89.4 of our outstanding common stock after giving effect to the redemptions in connection with the Special
Meeting, may participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have
the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies,
and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies
against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Our sponsor, executive officers
and directors have agreed, pursuant to written agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by December 15, 2023 (or such
earlier date as determined by the board of directors) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class
A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements
and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of
these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject
to applicable law. 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing
to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. 

We have not selected any
specific business combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with
the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase
price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public stockholders, we
may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete
our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination
and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction
businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or to fund
the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive
their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public stockholders, and our warrants
will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require
such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material
adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required
to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. 

28 

Our initial stockholders control a substantial
interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support. 

Our initial stockholders
own 89.4 of our outstanding common stock after giving effect to the redemptions in connection with the Special Meeting. Accordingly,
they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including
amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. If our initial stockholders purchase any units in the Public Offering
or if our initial stockholders purchase any additional Class A common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions,
this would increase their control. Neither our initial stockholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any
current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making
such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board
of directors, whose members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve
for a terms for three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders
to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue
in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered 
board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of
their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue
to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

Because we must furnish our stockholders with
target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with
some prospective target businesses. 

The federal proxy rules require
that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement
disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they
are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled
to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or international financial reporting
standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire
because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with
federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify
as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement
on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting.
The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on
us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may
not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the
internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete
any such business combination. 

We may seek business combination opportunities
with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our
desired results. 

We may seek business combination
opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement
such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the initial business
combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To the extent we complete
our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by
numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our
strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations,
we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our initial business combination.
If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we
may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave
us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination
may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. 

29 

RISKS RELATING TO THE POST-BUSINESS COMBINATION
COMPANY 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial
business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have
a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you
to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even if we conduct extensive
due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that
may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these
factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that
could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and
previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be
non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative
market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants
to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing
to partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose to remain
stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders
or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully
bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, relating to the business
combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

The role of an acquisition
candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we
contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate
following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to
remain in place. 

Our management may not maintain control of
a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business,
new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We may structure our initial
business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity
interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or
acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction
that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders
prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue
a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case,
we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of Class A
common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A common
stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a
single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it
more likely that our management will not maintain control of the target business. 

30 

We may have a limited ability to assess the
management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose
management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. 

When evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target
business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and
profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders or warrant holders who choose
to remain stockholders or warrant holders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such stockholders or warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim
that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they
are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 

There are risks related to the healthcare industry
to which we may be subject. 

Business combinations with
companies with operations in the healthcare industry entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a business
combination with a target business with operations in the healthcare industry, we will be subject to, and possibly adversely affected
by, the following risks, including but not limited to: 

Competition could reduce profit
margins. 

Our inability to comply with
governmental regulations affecting the healthcare industry could negatively affect our operations. 

An inability to license or
enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend. 

The success of our planned
business following consummation of our initial business combination may depend on maintaining a well-secured business and technology
infrastructure. 

If we are required to obtain governmental approval of our products, the production of our products could be delayed and we could be required to engage in a lengthy and expensive approval process that may not ultimately be successful. 

Continuing government and private
efforts to contain healthcare costs, including through the implementation of legal and regulatory changes, may reduce our future revenue
and our profitability following such business combination. 

Changes in the healthcare related
wellness industry and markets for such products affecting our customers or retailing practices could negatively impact customer relationships
and our results of operations. 

The healthcare industry is susceptible to significant liability exposure. If liability claims are brought against us following a business combination, it could materially adversely affect our operations. 

Dependence of our operations
upon third-party suppliers, manufacturers or contractors whose failure to perform adequately could disrupt our business. 

The Affordable Care Act, possible
changes to it or its repeal, and how it is implemented could negatively impact our business. 

A disruption in supply could
adversely impact our business. 

Any of the foregoing could
have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses
will not be limited to the healthcare industry. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks will likely
not affect us and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which
we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. 

31 

RISKS RELATING TO ACQUIRING AND OPERATING A
BUSINESS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES 

If we effect our initial business combination
with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. 

If we pursue a target company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in
connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination,
we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If we pursue a target a company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated
with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination,
conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies
and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 

If we effect our initial
business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating
in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent
in managing cross-border business operations; 

rules and regulations regarding
currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding
taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in
which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting
requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs
and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic
policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory
requirements; 

challenges in managing and
staffing international operations; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange
controls; 

32 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts
receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable
legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual
property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes,
riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political
upheaval; 

terrorist attacks and wars;
and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 

We may not be able to adequately
address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we
complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM 

We are dependent upon our executive officers
and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our operations are dependent
upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends
on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition,
our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have
conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations
and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our
directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have
a detrimental effect on us. 

Involvement of members of our management and
companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation or governmental investigations unrelated to our business affairs
could materially impact our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Members of our management
team and companies with which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business
affairs, including transactions, such as sales and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. As a result of such involvement, members
of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in past have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes
and litigation and governmental investigations relating to their business affairs unrelated to our company. Any claims or investigations
involving members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively
affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the
price of our securities. 

33 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial
business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us
following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our
post-combination business. 

Our ability to successfully
effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target
business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business
will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot
assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements
of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with
such requirements. 

Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination
may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation
following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

Our key personnel may be
able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s
retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their
motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. 

Our executive officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs.
This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our executive officers and
directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating
their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time
employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business
endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and non-independent directors are not obligated
to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members
for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts
of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which
may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors presently have,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts
of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Following the completion
of the Public Offering and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and
combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional
fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a
business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented
to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our
interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely
in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that
opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form
other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which
we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or ventures may present additional conflicts of interest
in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our
ability to complete our initial business combination. 

34 

Our executive officers, directors, security
holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. 

We have not adopted a policy
that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary
or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest.
In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive
officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their
own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
interests and ours. 

The personal and financial
interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing
a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target
business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination
are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to
us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders 
rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any
reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside
of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

Certain agreements related to the Public Offering
may be amended without stockholder approval. 

Each of the agreements related
to the Public Offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be
amended without stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders,
officers and directors; the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders; the private placement warrants purchase
agreement between us and our sponsor; and the administrative services agreement among us, our sponsor and an affiliate of our sponsor.
These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement
and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and other
securities held by our initial stockholders, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable
parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons, including to facilitate
our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior
to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to
its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the
consummation of our initial business combination will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related
to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing
with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business
combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.
For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier
than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 

35 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR SECURITIES 

You will not have any rights or interests in
funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to
sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our public stockholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination,
and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the
limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors) or with respect to any other material provisions relating
to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable
to complete an initial business combination by December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors), subject
to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our public shares if we are unable to complete an
initial business combination by December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board of directors) is not completed for
any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval
prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond December
15, 2023 before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest
of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to
the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading
on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

Our units, Class A common
stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or
prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination,
we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum average global market capitalization
and a minimum number of holders of our securities. 

Additionally, in connection
with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements,
which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholder s equity
would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements
at that time. 

If Nasdaq delists our securities
from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities
could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market
quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class
A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent
rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and
analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue
additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

36 

The National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which
are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units,
Class A common stock and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and,
if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case.
While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies,
other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers,
or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer
listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each
state in which we offer our securities. 

On January 9, 2023, the Company
received a notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company was deficient in meeting the requirements of Listing Rule 5620(a), which requires
the Company to hold an annual meeting of shareholders no later than one year after the end of the Company s 2021 fiscal year-end.
In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(G), the Company submitted a plan to regain compliance by holding an annual meeting by
June 2023. While the plan is pending approval by Nasdaq, the Company s securities will continue to trade on Nasdaq. 

The determination of the offering price of
our units, the size of the Public Offering and terms of the units is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities and size of an offering
of an operating company in a particular industry. You may have less assurance, therefore, that the offering price of our units properly
reflects the value of such units than you would have in a typical offering of an operating company. 

Prior to the Public Offering
there was been no public market for any of our securities. The public offering price of the units and the terms of the warrants were negotiated
between us and the underwriters. In determining the size of the Public Offering, management held customary organizational meetings with
the representative of the underwriters, both prior to our inception and thereafter, with respect to the state of capital markets, generally,
and the amount the underwriters believed they reasonably could raise on our behalf. Factors considered in determining the size of the
Public Offering, prices and terms of the units, including the Class A common stock and warrants underlying the units, include: 

the history and prospects of companies whose principal business is the acquisition of other companies; 

prior offerings of those companies; 

our prospects for acquiring an operating business at attractive values; 

a review of debt to equity ratios in leveraged transactions; 

our capital structure; 

an assessment of our management and their experience in identifying operating companies; 

general conditions of the securities markets at the time of the Public Offering; and 

other factors as were deemed relevant. 

Although these factors were
considered, the determination of our offering size, price and terms of the units is more arbitrary than the pricing of securities of an
operating company in a particular industry since we have no historical operations or financial results. 

37 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future
for our shares of Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to
be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate
the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions
that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

We are also subject to anti-takeover
provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management
more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our
securities. 

Our initial business combination and our structure
thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations
may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. 

Although we will attempt
to structure our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts
and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example,
in connection with our initial business combination and subject to any requisite stockholder approval, we may structure our business combination
in a manner that requires stockholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes, effect a business combination
with a target company in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction
in which the target company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders or warrant holders
to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy
any liability resulting from our initial business combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares
received. In addition, stockholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect
to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. 

In addition, we may effect
a business combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business operations
in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other
tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to
the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations
by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our
after-tax profitability and financial condition. 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a
manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public
warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our warrants are issued in
registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant
agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity
or to correct any defective provision or mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the
terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus, (ii) adjusting the provisions relating to cash dividends
on shares of common stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with
respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable
and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by
the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders of the public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a
holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the
terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments
could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock (at a
ratio different than initially provided), shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable
upon exercise of a warrant. 

38 

Our warrant agreement designates the courts
of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our warrant agreement provides
that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement,
including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the
exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts
represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions
of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed
to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with
any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of
process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign
action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This choice-of-forum provision
may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company,
which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make
it more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination. 

If (i) we issue additional
common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination
at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per common stock, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than
60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the
completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00
and 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 100 and 180 of the higher of the
Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. This may make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination
with a target business. 

39 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

We have the ability to redeem
the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant,
provided that the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number
of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities -
Warrants - Public Stockholders Warrants - Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period
ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when
the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the
holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants
and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current
market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding
warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private
placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

In addition, we have the
ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price
of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the closing price of our
Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or
the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities - Warrants - Public Stockholders 
Warrants - Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior
to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to
exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and
the fair market value of our Class A common stock. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (i) may be less than the value the
holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (ii) may
not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of shares of Class A common stock received is capped
at 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on
the market price of our shares of Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. 

We issued warrants to purchase
20,700,000 shares of Class A common stock as part of the units offered by the Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of
the Public Offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 10,280,000 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class
A common stock at 11.50 per share. In addition, if our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors
makes any working capital loans, such lender may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at
the price of 1.00 per warrant. To the extent we issue common stock to effectuate our initial business combination, the potential for
the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less
attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding
shares of Class A common stock and reduce the value of the Class A common stock issued to complete our initial business combination. Therefore,
our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. 

40 

Because each unit contains one-half of one
warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. 

Each unit contains one-half
of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole
units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will,
upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder.
This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one common share and one warrant to purchase one whole share.
We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of
a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units
that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses.
Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 

The grant of registration rights to our initial
stockholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and
the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our shares of Class A common stock. 

Pursuant to an agreement
entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Public Offering, our initial stockholders, the holders of
our private placement warrants, the holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and their permitted
transferees can demand that we register the shares of Class A common stock into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement
warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon
conversion of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and any other securities of the company acquired by
them prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration
and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more
costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the
combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that
is expected when the shares of common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of
our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. 

You will not be permitted to exercise your
warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A common stock or certain exemptions are available. 

If the issuance of the Class
A common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities
Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have
no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full
unit purchase price solely for the Class A common stock included in the units. 

We are not registering the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However,
under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after
the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the
registration under the Securities Act of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best
efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current
prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance
with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events
arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements
contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. 

41 

If the shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement,
holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so
on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 

In no event will warrants
be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their
warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the
exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. 

If our shares of Class A
common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants
who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement
or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect,
we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent
an exemption is not available. 

In no event will we be required
to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in
exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities
Act or applicable state securities laws. 

You may only be able to exercise your public
warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer shares of Class A common
stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 

The warrant agreement provides
that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will,
instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the
warrant agreement; and (ii) if we have so elected and the shares of Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not
listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act. If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances described in clauses (i) and (ii)
in the preceding sentence, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A
common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our shares of Class A common stock (as defined in the next
sentence) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported
closing price of the shares of Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable.
As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for
cash. 

A new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed
on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares or our liquidation. 

On August 16, 2022, President
Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act ), which, among other things, imposes a new 1 U.S.
federal excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by covered corporations (which include publicly traded domestic (i.e.,
U.S.) corporations) beginning in 2023, with certain exceptions (the Excise Tax ). The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing
corporation itself, not its stockholders from which the stock is repurchased. Because we are a Delaware corporation and our securities
are trading on Nasdaq, we are a covered corporation for this purpose. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally 1 of the
fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax, repurchasing
corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases
during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the Excise Tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has authority
to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the Excise Tax; however, no guidance has
been issued to date. It is uncertain whether, and/or to what extent, the Excise Tax could apply to any repurchase by us of our common
stock or in the event of our liquidation, in each instance after December 31, 2022, including any redemptions in connection with an initial
business combination or in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination by December 15, 2023 (or such earlier date as
determined by the board of directors). 

42 

Whether and to what extent
we would be subject to the Excise Tax on a redemption of our shares of Class A common stock or other stock issued by us would depend on
a number of factors, including (i) whether the redemption is treated as a repurchase of stock for purposes of the Excise Tax, (ii) the
fair market value of the redemption treated as a repurchase of stock in connection with our initial business combination, an extension
or otherwise, (iii) the structure of the initial business combination, (iv) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity
issuances in connection with the initial business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the initial business combination
but issued within the same taxable year of a redemption treated as a repurchase of stock) and (v) the content of regulations and other
guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. As noted above, the Excise Tax would be payable by us, and not by the redeeming holder.
The imposition of the Excise Tax could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete an initial business combination or
for effecting redemptions and may affect our ability to complete an initial business combination. In addition, the Excise Tax could cause
a reduction in the per share amount payable to our public stockholders in the event we liquidate the trust account due to a failure to
complete an initial business combination within the requisite timeframe. 

GENERAL RISK FACTORS 

We are a blank check company with no operating
history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

We are a blank check company
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding
through the Public Offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective
target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete
our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 

Past performance by our management team and
their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of any business
that we may acquire. 

Information regarding performance
by, or businesses associated with, our management team or businesses associated with them is presented for informational purposes only.
Past performance by our management team or the other companies referred to in this prospectus is not a guarantee either (i) of success
with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial
business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of the performance of our management team s or businesses associated
with them as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or is likely to, generate going forward.
An investment in us is not an investment in any of the companies associated with our management team. 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could
result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 

We depend on digital technologies,
including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may
deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential
data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against
such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability
to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business
and lead to financial loss. 

43 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller
reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements
available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and
may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but
not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be
an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market
value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case
we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities
less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance
on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an
emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may
make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 

Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal
year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th .
To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other
public companies difficult or impossible. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and Delaware law may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, that (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer
or other employee to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising
pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting
a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine may be brought only in the Court of
Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware determines that there
is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the
personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction
of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction.
If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process
on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application
of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent
it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers, although our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

44 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce
a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27
of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Additionally, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the
federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any
interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. Although we believe this provision benefits
us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision limit
our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputed with us and may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits
against our directors and officers. 

Additionally, unless we consent
in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or agents.
Section 22 of the Securities Act, however, created concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is uncertainty as to whether
a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter
documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. While the Delaware courts have determined that such exclusive forum provisions are
facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions,
and there can be no assurance that such provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of an consented to these provisions; however, we
note that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Although we believe this
provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies,
the provision may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputed with us and may have the effect
of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

The financial statements may not reflect the
Company s financial condition and cash flow as a result of Russia s military action against Ukraine. 

In February 2022, the Russian
Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including
the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and
related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 

ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We currently sub-lease executive
offices at 7114 East Stetson Drive, Suite 400, Scottsdale, AZ 85251 from our Sponsor and the members of our management team. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

As of December 31, 2022,
to the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any
members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such
proceeding. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

45 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our units, Class A common
stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols SNRHU, SNRH and SNRHW , respectively. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022,
there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock, one holder of record of our Class B common
stock and two holders of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street
name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A common stock and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other
financial institutions. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Unregistered Sales 

On April 14, 2022, the Company
entered into the Post-IPO Promissory Note, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 3,000,000.
The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of December 31, 2022 and the date on which the Company consummates
its initial business combination. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such additional loaned amounts, without interest,
upon consummation of the business combination. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such additional loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for
such repayment. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such additional loans (if any) have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. If we fully draw down on the Post-IPO Promissory Note and require additional funds for working capital
purposes, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us such additional
funds as may be required. Borrowings made by the Company during the first quarter of 2022 were subsequently formalized with the execution
of the Post-IPO Promissory Note on April 14, 2022. On March 1, 2023, the Company and Sponsor amended and restated the Promissory Note
such that the A R Promissory Note will be repaid on the earlier of (i) December 15, 2023 and (ii) the effective date of a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more
businesses, without interest. As of March 1, 2023, the Company was provided aggregate advances of 1,692,640 in loan proceeds pursuant
to the A R Promissory Note. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

References to we ,
 us , our or the Company are to Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I, except where the context requires
otherwise. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking
statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such
as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors
that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

46 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated in Delaware on August 27, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the Business Combination ). 

Our sponsor is Health Connect
Acquisitions Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for the initial
public offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 10, 2020. On December 15, 2020, we consummated
the Public Offering of 41,400,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units being
offered, the Public Shares ), including the issuance of 5,400,000 Units as a result of the underwriters exercise of
their over-allotment option in full, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 414.0 million, and incurring offering costs of
approximately 23.3 million, inclusive of approximately 14.5 million in deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 10,280,000 warrants (each, a
 Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of 1.00 per Private
Placement Warrant to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to us of approximately 10.3 million. 

Upon the closing of the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement, 414.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and certain of
the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government securities within the meaning
of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of
185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of (i) the completion of the Business Combination and (ii)
the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

If we are unable to complete
a Business Combination by December 15, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the Company s board of directors (the Combination
Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
us to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the remaining stockholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

On December 12, 2022, we
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware an amendment (the Extension Amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to change the date by which we must consummate a Business Combination from December 15, 2022, 24 months from
the closing of the Initial Public Offering to the Combination Period. Our stockholders approved the Extension Amendment at a special meeting
of stockholders (the Special Meeting on December 9, 2022. In connection with the Special Meeting, stockholders holding
40,171,206 Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately 10.10
per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 405.8 million. Following such redemptions, approximately 12.4 million
was left in trust and 1,228,794 Public Shares remain outstanding. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity since
inception through December 31, 2022 related to our formation, the preparation for the Initial Public Offering, and since the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination,
at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in Trust Account. We expect to incur
increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well
as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had net income of approximately 16.6 million, which consisted of approximately 14.6 million in change in fair value of
warrant liabilities and approximately 5.1 million of interest income from investments held in Trust Account, partially offset by approximately
 1.8 million in general and administrative expenses, 120,000 of related party administrative fees and approximately 175,000 in franchise
tax expense. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had net income of approximately 5.5 million, which consisted of approximately 7.1 million in change in fair value of warrant
liabilities and approximately 41,000 of interest income from investments held in Trust Account, partially offset by approximately 1.3
million in general and administrative expenses, 120,000 of related party administrative fees and approximately 200,000 in franchise
tax expense. 

47 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern 

As of December 31,
2022, we had approximately 8,000 in our operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately 1.3 million, not taking
into account tax obligations of approximately 248,000 that may be withdrawn from income earned on investment held in Trust Account
and approximately 968,000 under the note payable related party. 

Prior to the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering on December 15, 2020, our liquidity needs were satisfied through the receipt of 25,000 from our Sponsor
in exchange for the issuance of Class B common stock, and the proceeds of a promissory note from our Sponsor. Subsequent to the consummation
of the Public Offering and Private Placement, our liquidity needs have been satisfied with certain portion of the proceeds from the consummation
of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
Combination, our Sponsor may, but is not obligated to, provide us working capital loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
no Working Capital Loans. 

Through December 31, 2022,
our Sponsor loaned us approximately 968,000 in cash, under a promissory note entered into on April 14, 2022, pursuant to which we may
borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 3.0 million (the Post-IPO Promissory Note ). The Post-IPO Promissory Note
is non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of December 31, 2023 and the date on which we consummate our initial business combination.
If we complete a business combination, it would repay such additional loaned amounts, without interest, upon consummation of the business
combination. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust
account to repay such additional loaned amounts but no proceeds from the trust account would be used for such repayment. 

We may need to raise additional
capital through loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, an affiliate of our Sponsor, or our officers or directors. Our officers,
directors and Sponsor, or their affiliates, may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever
amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional
financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could
include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, reducing overhead
expenses, and extending the terms and due dates of certain accrued expenses and other liabilities. We cannot provide any assurance that
new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

Based upon the analysis above,
management has determined that the above conditions indicate that it may be probable that we would not be able to meet its obligations
within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, we have determined that the liquidity
condition, mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after December 15, 2023.
The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management continues to evaluate
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the balance
sheet. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Related Party Transactions 

Founder Shares 

On August 27, 2020, the Sponsor
subscribed to purchase 10,062,500 shares of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares ),
and fully paid for those shares on September 22, 2020. On November 23, 2020, the Sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 shares of Class B common
stock to us for cancellation for no consideration. On December 10, 2020, we effected a 1:1.2 stock split of Class B common stock, resulting
in an aggregate of 10,350,000 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated
to reflect the share surrender and the stock split. The initial stockholders agreed to forfeit up to 1,350,000 Founder Shares to the extent
that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0 of the
Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering. The underwriter exercised its over-allotment
option in full on December 15, 2020; thus, these 1,350,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. 

48 

The initial stockholders
agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one
year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the closing
price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial
Business Combination, and (ii) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange their
Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 10,280,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per
Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 10.3 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately
 8,000. 

Each whole Private
Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. A
portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public
Offering held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement
Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash (except as described below) and exercisable
on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

The Sponsor agreed, subject
to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell the Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to fund working
capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ).
If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us.
Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans could be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held
in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination or, at the lenders discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into
warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no Working Capital Loans. 

On April 14, 2022, we entered
into a promissory note with the Sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 3.0 million (the Post-IPO
Promissory Note ). The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of December 31, 2023 and the date
on which we consummate its initial business combination. If we complete a business combination, it would repay such additional loaned
amounts, without interest, upon consummation of the business combination. In the event that a business combination does not close, we
may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such additional loaned amounts but no proceeds from the
trust account would be used for such repayment. If we fully draw down on the Post-IPO Promissory Note and requires additional funds for
working capital purposes, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan
us such additional funds as may be required. Borrowings made by us during the first quarter of 2022 were subsequently formalized with
the execution of the Post-IPO Promissory Note on April 14, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately 968,000 outstanding
under the Post-IPO Promissory Note. 

Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The holders of Founder Shares,
Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, are entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration
rights. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities
Act to become effective until the termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

49 

Underwriting Agreement 

The underwriters were entitled
to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, approximately 8.3 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. In addition, 0.35 per unit, or approximately 14.5 million in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred
underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in
the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

We entered into an agreement
to pay our Sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for overhead and administration support. Upon completion of the initial Business
Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We incurred 120,000 of such fees for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, an aggregate of approximately 244,000 and 125,000, respectively, in related party
accrued expenses was outstanding, as reflected in the accompanying balance sheets. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could
materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible
Redemption 

We account for Class A common
stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times,
common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our outstanding common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered
to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. In connection with the Special Meeting, in December
2022, stockholders holding 40,171,206 Public Shares redeemed their shares for cash. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 1,228,794
and 41,400,000 shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented as temporary equity, outside
of the stockholders equity section of the balance sheets. 

Under ASC 480, we have elected
to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption
value at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date
for the security. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the re-measurement from initial book value
to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of the redeemable Class A common stock resulted in charges against additional
paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net Income per Share of Common Stock 

We comply with accounting
and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred
to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income
(loss) per share of common stock is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding
for the respective period. 

The calculation of diluted
net income per share of common stock does not consider the effect of the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering
(including exercise of the over-allotment option) and the Private Placement Warrants to purchase 30,980,000 shares of Class A common stock
in the calculation of diluted income per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events.
As a result, diluted net income per share of common stock is the same as basic net income per share of common stock for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. Re-measurement associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as
the redemption value approximates fair value. 

50 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities 

We do not use derivative
instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including
issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives,
pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities
or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

We account for our warrants
issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants as derivative warrant liabilities in accordance
with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value
at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in
fair value is recognized in our statement of operations. The fair value of warrants issued in connection with the Private Placement have
been estimated using a modified Black-Scholes model at each balance sheet date. The fair value of the warrants issued in connection with
the Initial Public Offering was initially measured using a Monte-Carlo simulation and subsequently been measured at each measurement date
based on the listed trading price of such warrants when separately listed and traded in February
2021 . The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be subject to change as more current information becomes
available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified as non-current
liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Our management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the
accompanying financial statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual
Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments
or contractual obligations. 

JOBS Act 

The Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for
qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with
new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the
relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging
growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may
be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related
items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median
employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Public Offering or until
we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Reference is made to Pages
F-1 through F-20 comprising a portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

51 

SENIOR CONNECT ACQUISITION CORP. I 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Marcum LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, if the Company does not consummate a business
combination by December 15, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and a subsequent dissolution of the Company, and the Company s
cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time,
which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2020. 

April 14, 2023 

F- 2 

SENIOR CONNECT ACQUISITION CORP. I 

BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders' Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses - related party 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Note payable - related party 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments Contingencies (Note 5) 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; and shares issued and outstanding at per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Stockholders' Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized none issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; no non-redeemable shares issued and outstanding (excluding 1,228,794 and 41,400,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders' Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

SENIOR CONNECT ACQUISITION CORP. I 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Administrative fees - related party 

Franchise tax expenses 

Loss from operations 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Net gain from investments held in Trust Account 

Income before income tax 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share of Class A common stock

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share of Class B common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

SENIOR CONNECT ACQUISITION CORP. I 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Re-measurement on Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

SENIOR CONNECT ACQUISITION CORP. I 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Net gain from investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses - related party 

Accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Interest released from Trust Account to pay taxes 
 
 -

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to redeem Public Shares 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from note payable to related party 
 
 -

Redemption of Public Shares 
 
 - 
 
 Offering costs paid 
 
 -

Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 -

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 

Cash - end of the period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income tax 
 
 -

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: 

Re-measurement on Class A common stock subject to possible redemption amount 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

SENIOR CONNECT ACQUISITION CORP. I 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the
Units being offered, the Public Shares ), including additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment
Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million,
inclusive of approximately million in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 5). 

warrants
(each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per
Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million (Note 4). 

million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain
portion of the proceeds of the Private Placement was held in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States
with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act ), which will be invested only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as
determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account
as described below. 

of the
net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the
trust account). However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or
more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

F- 7 

per Public Share),
calculated as of two business days prior to the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes, net of taxes payable. The per-share amount to be
distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company
will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary
equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The Company will
proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will
not redeem the Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . If a stockholder vote is
not required by applicable law or stock exchange rule and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is
required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or reasons, the
Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender
offer rules. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business
Combination, the initial stockholders (as defined below) agreed to vote any Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public
Shares held by them in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial stockholders agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

or more of the Public Shares,
without the prior consent of the Company. 

of the Public Shares if the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to
stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of
then outstanding Public Shares. 

Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares
for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately million.
Following such redemptions, approximately million was left in trust and Public Shares remain outstanding. 

F- 8 

. In order
to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by
a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to
the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target ),
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public
Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target
that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, then the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek
to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements
with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately million, not taking
into account tax obligations of approximately that may be paid from income earned on investment held in Trust Account, and approximately
 outstanding under the note payable- related party. 

from the Sponsor to purchase
Founders Shares, and loan proceeds from the Sponsor of approximately under the Note (as defined in Note 4). The Company repaid
the Note in full on December 16, 2020. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has
been satisfied through certain portion of proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor may, but is not obligated to, provide
the Company with Working Capital Loans as more fully described and defined in Note 4. There were no Working Capital Loans outstanding
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million (the Post-IPO Promissory Note ). Through December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed approximately
 in cash under the Post-IPO Promissory Note, with million principal balance unutilized. The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest
bearing and due on the earlier of December 31, 2023 and the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination. If
the Company completes a business combination, it would be required to repay such additional loaned amounts, without interest, upon consummation
of the business combination. In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the trust account to repay such additional loaned amounts but no proceeds from the trust account would be used for such repayment. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

, and investments held in Trust Account. The Company has not experienced
losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

F- 11 

Public
Shares redeemed their shares for cash. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of Class A common
stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders 
equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

F- 12 

shares of Class A common stock
in the calculation of diluted income per share, since their exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events.
As a result, diluted net income per share of common stock is the same as basic net income per share of common stock for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. Re-measurement associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as
the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common stock outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income per share of common stock

Units, including Over-Allotment Units, at per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, inclusive of approximately million
in deferred underwriting commissions. 

per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). 

shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share (the Founder
Shares ), and fully paid for those shares on September 22, 2020. On November 23, 2020, the Sponsor surrendered shares
of Class B common stock to the Company for cancellation for no consideration. All shares and associated
amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender and the stock split. The initial stockholders agreed to forfeit
up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the
Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering.
The underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full on December 15, 2020; thus, these Founder Shares were no longer
subject to forfeiture. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial
Business Combination, and (ii) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which the Company completes a
liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the stockholders having the right to exchange
their Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

F- 13 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of 
per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million, and incurring offering costs of approximately
 . 

per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of
the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement
Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash (except as described below) and exercisable
on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory
note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of
December 15, 2020, the Company borrowed approximately from the related party under the Note and fully repaid the balance on December
16, 2020. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no longer available to the Company. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination
entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the
terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

million Post-IPO Promissory Note. The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of December 31, 2023 and
the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination. If the Company completes a business combination, it would
repay such additional loaned amounts, without interest, upon consummation of the business combination. In the event that a business combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such additional loaned amounts
but no proceeds from the trust account would be used for such repayment. If the Company fully draws down on the Post-IPO Promissory Note
and requires additional funds for working capital purposes, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company such additional funds as may be required. Borrowings made by the Company
during the first quarter of 2022 were subsequently formalized with the execution of the Post-IPO Promissory Note on April 14, 2022. As
of December 31, 2022, there was approximately outstanding under the Post-IPO Promissory Note, with million principal balance
unutilized. 

per month for office space, secretarial and administrative
services provided to members of the management team. The Company incurred in connection with such services for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, as reflected in the accompanying statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately
 and in accrued expenses with related party was outstanding, respectively, as reflected in the accompanying balance sheets. 

F- 14 

per unit, approximately million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. In addition, per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred
underwriting commissions. The deferred fee would become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely
in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. See Note 11. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. 

per share and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
If (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class
A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case
of any such issuance to the initial stockholders or their respective affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by
the initial stockholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate
gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding
of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z)
the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior
to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 
per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value
and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described
below will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

F- 15 

shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

F- 16 

Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
and Class A common stock outstanding, respectively, all of which were subject to possible redemption and are classified outside
of permanent equity in the balance sheets. 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Offering costs allocated to Class A common stock 

Plus: 

Accretion on Class A common stock to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Redemption of Public Shares 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject to redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

shares of preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and
other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, respectively, all of which
were subject to possible redemption and classified as temporary equity. See Note 7. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Class B common stock were issued and outstanding. 

of the total number of shares
of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A common stock by
Public Stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion
or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the
consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable
for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and
any private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, provided that such
conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

F- 17 

-
 
 -

Warrant liabilities - Private Placement Warrants 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Warrant liabilities - Public Warrants 
 
 -
 
 -

Warrant liabilities - Private Placement Warrants 
 -
 
 -

million
and million, respectively, presented as change in fair value of warrant liabilities on the accompanying statements of operations.

Public warrants transfer to Level 1 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Warrant liabilities as of December 31, 2022 

F- 18 

Stock Price 

Term (in years) 

Volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 
 -
 
 -

State 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

-

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

Start-up/Organization costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

and , respectively. 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, which do not expire, available to
offset future taxable income. 

F- 19 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
 -
 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision expense 
 
 -

million in connection with
a specific target in the Company's search for a prospective initial Business Combination. The fee for these services is contingent upon
the closing of the targeted transaction. 

. 

F- 20 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under
the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective
as of December 31, 2022, because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically,
the Company s management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting for complex financial instruments
was not effectively designed or maintained. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. This material weakness resulted in the restatement of our audited annual
financial statements as of and for the period ended December 31, 2020, and our interim financial statements and notes for the quarters
ended March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021, and September 30, 2021. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed
necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

We do not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and
instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules
and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with
U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors, and 

3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

52 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based
on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as
of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

During the most recently
completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as
such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

The
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer performed additional accounting and financial analyses and other post-closing procedures
including consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting for certain complex financial instruments issued by the Company.
Our management has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and resources for the remediation and improvement
of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting
technical pronouncements and other literature for all significant or unusual transactions, we have expanded and will continue to improve
these processes to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting
standards. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

On April 14, 2022, the Company
entered into the Post-IPO Promissory Note, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 3,000,000.
The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and was to be repaid on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2022 and (ii) the effective
date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company
and one or more businesses, without interest. On December 12, 2022, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
the Extension Amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to change the date by which the
Company must consummate an initial business combination from December 15, 2022 to the Combination Period. On March 1, 2023, the Company
and Sponsor amended and restated the Post-IPO Promissory Note such that the A R Promissory Note will be repaid on the earlier of (i)
December 15, 2023 and (ii) the effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination, involving the Company and one or more businesses, without interest. As of March 1, 2023, the Company was provided
aggregate advances of 1,692,640 in loan proceeds pursuant to the A R Promissory Note. 

On January 9, 2023, the Company
received a notice from Nasdaq indicating that the Company was deficient in meeting the requirements of Listing Rule 5620(a), which requires
the Company to hold an annual meeting of shareholders no later than one year after the end of the Company s 2021 fiscal year-end.
In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(G), the Company has 45 calendar days (or until February 23, 2023) to submit a plan to
regain compliance and, if Nasdaq accepts the plan, Nasdaq may grant the Company up to 180 calendar days from its fiscal year end, or until
June 29, 2023, to regain compliance. The Company intends to submit a compliance plan within the specified period. While the plan is pending,
the Company s securities will continue to trade on Nasdaq. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

53 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our directors and executive
officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Richard T. Burke 
 
 79 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Isaac Applbaum 
 
 62 
 
 President and Director 
 
 Ryan Burke 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Steven Schwartz 
 
 59 
 
 Executive Vice President of M A 
 
 Jeffrey A. Leerink 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Lee Shapiro 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark A. Thierer 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Natasha Deckmann 
 
 46 
 
 Director 

Richard T. Burke ,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, was the founder, former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman until late 2017, and current Lead
Independent Director of, UnitedHealth. Until November 2000, Mr. Burke was the owner, Chief Executive Officer and Governor of the Phoenix
Coyotes, a National Hockey League team. He has served as a director of numerous private and public companies, is a private investor in
many others, and is a Managing Partner at Rainy, an investment fund that owns and operates a number of businesses. Mr. Burke has had extensive
experience serving the senior market through his tenure at UnitedHealth, and he is the principal investor in and Executive Chairman of
a senior-oriented business, Secure. From 2004 to 2019, Mr. Burke was a director for Meritage Homes Corporation; he also previously served
on the audit committees of the board of directors of UnitedHealth, Meritage Homes Corporation and First Cash Financial Services, Inc.
Mr. Burke holds a MBA in Finance from Georgia State University. Mr. Burke is the father of Ryan Burke, our Chief Financial Officer and
a director. We believe Mr. Burke is well qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive experience in the healthcare
industry, as well as his significant leadership, finance and operational experience. 

Isaac Yitz 
Applbaum , our President and a member of our board of directors, is a Co-founder and Partner of MizMaa, a fund which invests in
Israeli startup companies in the mobility, cloud and digital healthcare space. Mr. Applbaum is also currently a Special Advisor to EIGHT,
a venture fund which invests in enterprise software and healthcare technologies, and 7Wire, a digital healthcare venture group that was
one of the early investors in Livongo. In addition, Mr. Applbaum is a co-founder of Secure, where he has been a director since January
2019. Mr. Applbaum also helped found and build SecureKey, a blockchain technologies company, where he currently serves as a board observer,
a position he has held since 2012. Mr. Applbaum also served as an early investor and director of mobile payments company Kili from 2013
to 2017 before it was acquired by Square, Inc. From 1997 to 2000, Mr. Applbaum was a board member of 7/24. Mr. Applbaum was a partner
at Lightspeed Venture Partners, a global venture fund, from 2001 to 2006. Mr. Applbaum was also a founder and the Chief Executive Officer
at Concorde from 1994 to 1999, when it was sold to Bank of America. Mr. Applbaum holds a BA from Yeshiva University. We believe Mr. Applbaum
is well qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his broad experience in the healthcare industry, along with his significant
leadership, finance and operational experience. 

Ryan Burke ,
our Chief Financial Officer, has been Chief Investment Officer for Rainy since 2008, where he evaluates all new investment opportunities
and helps manage Rainy s portfolio of private investments, publicly traded securities, and operating businesses. Mr. Burke is currently
Chief Investment Officer of BFO, LLC, a Partner at Prime Macaya Capital Management, LP, a New York-based hedge fund. Prior to its recent
sale to Galaxy Digital Holdings, he was also a partner and director at Blue Fire Capital, a proprietary trading firm and global liquidity
provider specializing in cryptocurrencies. Mr. Burke is currently acting Chief Financial Officer of Secure, and previously served as Chief
Financial Officer for various Rainy portfolio companies. Prior to 2008, he was a Portfolio Manager and Chief Risk Officer at Alpine, a
New York-based long-short hedge fund. Mr. Burke began his career as a financial analyst at Morgan Capital, a then 1.9 billion private
equity fund. Mr. Burke holds a master s degree in business administration from the Fuqua School of Business and a bachelor s
degree from Duke University. Mr. Burke is the son of Richard T. Burke, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. We believe Mr. Burke
is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive finance and operational experience. 

54 

Steven Schwartz, 
our Executive Vice President of M A, brings over 30 years of digital health industry transaction experience to the team. For the past
four years Mr. Schwartz was the Senior Vice President of business and corporate development at Livongo, where he was responsible for the
series acquisitions which culminated in Livongo s 18.5 billion merger with Teladoc. Previously, Mr. Schwartz held Senior Vice President
of corporate development and strategy roles at Tivity and prior to that at 23andMe, Inc. Earlier in his career Mr. Schwartz held executive
leadership positions in business and corporate development at Allscripts for 14 years, and senior management roles at LabCorp for 10 years.
Mr. Schwartz currently serves on the board of directors of illuma Care Connections and the Kline Galland senior care organization. Mr.
Schwartz holds a BA in business administration from the Michael G. Foster School of Business at the University of Washington and a BA
in psychology also from the University of Washington. We believe Mr. Schwartz is well-qualified to serve on our management team due to
his extensive transactional experience and broad digital health domain knowledge, as well as his specific knowledge of the senior care
market. 

Jeffrey A. Leerink ,
one of our directors, is currently the Chief Executive Officer of SVB Leerink, a leading investment bank serving the healthcare industry.
Mr. Leerink founded Leerink Partners in 1995; under Mr. Leerink s leadership, Leerink Partners co-founded a private equity business
focused on the healthcare industry that consisted of two fund companies; Leerink Transformation Partners, focused on investing in technology-enabled
healthcare companies, and Leerink Revelation Partners, a secondary investment fund focused on commercial companies with proven business
models or companies with novel technologies. In 2008, Mr. Leerink co-founded and was a member of the board of directors of Humedica, Inc.
Mr. Leerink currently serves on the board of directors of FogPharma. Additionally, Mr. Leerink currently serves as a member of the Harvard
Medical School Board of Fellows. Mr. Leerink holds a BA in Economics from Union College. We believe Mr. Leerink is qualified to serve
on our board of directors due to his extensive experience in both the financial and healthcare sectors. 

Lee Shapiro ,
one of our directors, is the Chief Financial Officer of Livongo and Managing Partner at 7Wire, an investment firm he co-founded over a
decade ago. Previously, he was President of Allscripts from 2002 to 2012. Mr. Shapiro s responsibilities included the company s
strategy, international operations, business development and partnerships, legal, government relations, health plan initiatives and business
activities in the areas of analytics and information services. At times during his tenure at Allscripts, he served as the company s
Chief Operating Officer leveraging his unique grasp of the business operations across the spectrum of development, sales, marketing, services
and support. Mr. Shapiro previously served on the board of directors of Livongo, where he chaired the audit committee and served as a
member of the compensation committee. He also was a member of the executive leadership team, with a focus on strategy and business development.
Mr. Shapiro served on the board of directors of Medidata (Nasdaq: MDSO), where he served on the audit committee and nominating and governance
committee, from 2011 until its sale to Dassault in 2019. Mr. Shapiro also served on the board of Tivity (Nasdaq: TVTY), where he chaired
the audit committee and served on the compensation committee, from 2015 until May 2020. He also currently serves on the board and committees
of various 7Wire portfolio companies. Since 2016, Mr. Shapiro has been a member of the National Board of Directors of the American Heart
Association, where he chairs the audit committee and serves on the business operations committee. Mr. Shapiro practiced commercial law
at Barack, Ferrazzano, Kirschbaum, Perlman and Nagelberg, a prominent Chicago law firm. Mr. Shapiro holds a JD degree from The University
of Chicago Law School and a BS in Accounting from the University of Illinois. We believe Mr. Shapiro is qualified to serve on our board
of directors due to his extensive experience in both the financial and healthcare sectors. 

Mark A. Thierer ,
one of our directors, has served as a Managing Partner at Assetblue, an investment company, since August 2017. Before joining Assetblue,
Mr. Thierer served as the interim Chief Executive Officer of Dentsply from September 2017 to February 2018. Prior to Dentsply, Mr. Thierer
served as the Chief Executive Officer of OptumRx, overseeing all Optum pharmacy care services, including the management of pharmacy benefits,
pharmacy network, home delivery pharmacy and specialty pharmacy programs, from July 2015 to September 2017. Prior to OptumRx, Mr. Thierer
served on the board of directors at Catamaran from September 2006 to July 2015, and as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
from March 2011 to July 2015. Earlier in his career, Mr. Thierer served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of SXC, which
merged with Catalyst in 2012 to create Catamaran. Prior to this, Mr. Thierer led Allscripts (Nasdaq: MDRX) as President from 2003 to 2006.
Before that, he served in a variety of executive roles at CaremarkRx, including most recently as Senior Vice President, New Ventures,
and was responsible for developing Caremark s growth strategy. Prior to Caremark, Mr. Thierer worked in various management positions
within the health industry of IBM (NYSE: IBM). Mr. Thierer has served on the board of directors of Rightway Healthcare, Inc. since April
2020, Xeris Pharmaceuticals, Inc. since October 2019, where he sits on the audit committee, and Discover Financial Services, Inc. since
April 2013. Mr. Thierer is also an advisor to the Jeffrey Pride Foundation for Pediatric Cancer Research. Mr. Thierer received a BS in
Finance from the University of Minnesota and an MBA from Nova Southern University. Mr. Thierer also holds the designation of CEBS (Certified
Employee Benefits Specialist) from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe Mr. Thierer is qualified to serve
on our board of directors due to his extensive experience in both the financial and healthcare sectors. 

55 

Natasha Deckmann ,
one of our directors, serves as the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Clinical Officer for SecureSeniorConnectionsTM (SSC), a digital
platform focused on preventing and reducing loneliness and social isolation in seniors, where she has been since September 2020. Dr. Deckmann
is a passionate advocate for transforming healthcare and finding ways to improve the consumer experience and reduce total cost of care.
She has extensive clinical and population health management leadership skills and private equity advisory and operating experience. From
May 2018 to January 2020 Dr. Deckmann was the CEO of CarePoint Health System, a three hospital and medical group system in New Jersey.
Prior to joining CarePoint Dr. Deckmann held several leadership positions at Optum from 2013 to January 2018. Her tenure included serving
as head of Population Health Solutions at Optum Health, a comprehensive population health management business. She also served as Chief
Operating Officer of Consumer Solutions Group at Optum. Prior to Optum, she held a number of senior leadership roles at Marsh Inc., including
Chief Operating Officer of the International Division. Dr. Deckmann joined Marsh from Oliver Wyman, having led strategic consulting engagements
for clients across the health care industry, including the US government. Since November 2021 Dr. Deckmann has served on the board of
Two Chairs, a venture backed mental health company, and she served as an independent board director for Women s Health USA from
May 2018 to August 2021. She is a member of the Executive Partner Program with Health Enterprise Partners. Dr. Deckmann earned a Bachelor
of Science in Economics from the University of Michigan, an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a
Doctorate of Medicine from the Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University. Dr. Deckmann brings to the Board extensive executive
leadership and operational expertise, experience in healthcare technology, healthcare payer and provider expertise, and human capital
management skills. Dr. Deckmann also offers experience in risk management oversight and governance practices through her service on various
board of directors. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors consists
of seven members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Jeffrey A. Leerink, Isaac Applbaum and Natasha
Deckmann, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of
Lee Shapiro and Ryan Burke, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors,
consisting of Mark A. Thierer and Richard T. Burke, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed
by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of
directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq rules and our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Public
Offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the company s board of directors,
has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that
has a relationship with the company). We have four independent directors as defined in Nasdaq rules and applicable SEC rules.
Our board of directors has determined that Jeffrey A. Leerink, Lee Shapiro, Mark A. Thierer and Natasha Deckmann are independent
directors as defined in Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled
meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Jeffrey A. Leerink, Lee Shapiro and Mark A. Thierer will serve as members of our audit committee.
Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee, all of whom must
be independent. Jeffrey A. Leerink, Lee Shapiro and Mark A. Thierer are independent. 

Lee Shapiro serves as the
chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined
that Lee Shapiro qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

56 

The audit committee is responsible
for: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the Public Offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the Public Offering; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing stockholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee will be Lee Shapiro and Mark A. Thierer, and Mark A. Thierer
serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions
of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

57 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or
other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. 

However, before engaging
or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider
the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or
Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee
for selection by our board of directors. Our board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the
responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors
who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Jeffrey A. Leerink, Lee Shapiro, Mark A. Thierer
and Natasha Deckmann. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing
nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will
also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, our board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers
currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive
officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics and Committee Charters 

We have adopted a Code of
Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our form of the Code of Ethics and our audit committee
and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You will be able to
review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics
and the charters of the committees will be provided without charge upon request from us. See the section of this prospectus entitled Where
You Can Find Additional Information. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics other than technical, administrative or other
non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Ethics applicable to our
principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions
requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

None of our executive officers
or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered. We will reimburse an affiliate of the Sponsor for office space,
secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team in an amount not to exceed 10,000 per month in the
event such space and/or services are utilized and we do not pay directly for such services. Upon completion of our initial business combination
or our liquidation, we will cease making these payments. In addition, the Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective
affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying
potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Other than these payments and reimbursements,
no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to the Sponsor, executive officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

It is possible that some
or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements with the post-transaction company after our initial
business combination. Any such arrangements will be disclosed in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, furnished
to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination, to the extent they are known at such time. 

The existence or terms of
any such employment or consulting arrangements may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business,
but we do not believe that such arrangements will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. 

58 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

We have no compensation plans
under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this Annual Report, by: 

each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock of, on an as-converted basis; 

each of our officers and directors; and 

all of our officers and directors as a group. 

The following table is based
on 11,578,794 shares of common stock outstanding as of the date of this Annual Report, of which 1,228,794 were shares of Class A common
stock and 10,350,000 were shares of Class B common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table
below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Class A Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Class A Common Stock 
 Number of Class B Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Class B Common Stock 
 
 Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC (2)(3) 
 - 
 - 
 10,350,000 
 100 
 
 Richard T. Burke (2)(3) 
 - 
 - 
 10,350,000 
 100 
 
 Isaac Applbaum (2)(3) 
 - 
 - 
 10,350,000 
 100 
 
 Ryan Burke (2)(3) 
 - 
 - 
 10,350,000 
 100 
 
 Steven Schwartz 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Jeffrey A. Leerink 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Lee Shapiro 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mark A. Thierer 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Natasha Deckmann (4) 
 3,850 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) 
 - 
 - 
 10,350,000 
 100 
 
 Moore Capital Management, LP, MMF LT, LLC, Moore Global Investments, LLC, Moore Capital Advisors, L.L.C. and Louis M. Bacon (5) 
 500,000 
 40.7 
 - 
 - 

Less than one percent 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our stockholders listed is 7114 East Stetson Drive, Suite 400, Scottsdale, AZ 85251. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described elsewhere herein. 

(3) 
 Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Each of Messrs. Applbaum, Richard T. Burke and Ryan Burke are the managers of Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC. Any action by our sponsor with respect to our company or the founder shares, including voting and dispositive decisions, requires a majority vote of the managers. No individual manager exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by our sponsor, even those in which he directly owns a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of such securities. 

(4) 
 Natasha Deckmann purchased 3,850 units of the Company at the time of the Public Offering, and prior to being appointed as a director. 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023, Moore Capital Management, LP, a Delaware limited partnership MCM ), MMF LT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company MMF ), Moore Global Investments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company MGI ), Moore Capital Advisors, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company MCA and Mr. Louis M. Bacon, a United States Citizen may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the 500,000 shares of Class A common stock held by MMF. In addition, MMF also directly holds warrants to purchase 250,000 Shares Warrants ). MCM, as the investment manager of MMF, has voting and investment control over the shares held by MMF. MGI and MCA are the sole owners of MMF. Mr. Bacon is Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of MCM, controls the general partner of MCM, is the chairman and director of MCA, and is the indirect majority owner of MMF. The business address for this stockholder is 11 Times Square, 39th Floor, New York, New York 10036. 

59 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Founder Shares 

On August 27, 2020, our Sponsor
purchased an aggregate of 10,062,500 Founder Shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.002
per share. On November 23, 2020, our sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 founder shares to us for cancellation for no consideration resulting
in our sponsor holding 8,625,000 founder shares. Such shares were fully paid, and the cash amount of the subscription price therefor was
received on September 22, 2020. On December 10, 2020, we effected a 1:1.2 stock split of our Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate
of 10,350,000 founder shares outstanding, all of which are held by our sponsor. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined
based on the expectation that the total size of the Public Offering would be a maximum of 41,400,000 units if the underwriters 
over-allotment option was exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after
the Public Offering. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 10,280,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private
Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 10,280,000. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for one whole share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If
the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless.
The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash (except as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) and
exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor agreed, subject to limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell the Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business
Combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of Founder Shares,
Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, and any shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital
Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on December 10, 2020. These holders
will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Administrative Services 

The Company will pay the
Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team in an amount
not to exceed 10,000 per month in the event such space and/or services are utilized and the Company does not pay a third party directly
for such services, from the date of closing of the Public Offering. Upon completion of a business combination or the Company s liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Related Party Notes 

On April 14, 2022, the Company
entered into the Post-IPO Promissory Note, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 3,000,000.
The Post-IPO Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and due on the earlier of December 31, 2022 and the date on which the Company consummates
its initial business combination. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such additional loaned amounts, without interest,
upon consummation of the business combination. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such additional loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for
such repayment. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such additional loans (if any) have not been determined and no written agreements
exist with respect to such loans. If we fully draw down on the Post-IPO Promissory Note and require additional funds for working capital
purposes, the Sponsor, an affiliate of the Sponsor, or our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us such additional
funds as may be required. Borrowings made by the Company during the first quarter of 2022 were subsequently formalized with the execution
of the Post-IPO Promissory Note on April 14, 2022. As of April 14, 2023, there was approximately 1.7 million outstanding under the Post-IPO
Promissory Note. 

60 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The firm of Marcum LLP, or
Marcum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly
financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, of services rendered totaled 104,751 and 136,218, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees .
Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or
review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services
that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,we did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees. Tax fees
consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, we occurred 8,755 and 7,725 tax fees. 

All Other Fees. All
other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. For the years ended December 31,2022 and 2021, we did not pay Marcum any other
fees. 

61 

PART
IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Reference is made to the
Index to Financial Statements of the Company under Item 8 of Part II above. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedule 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial, not required, or the required information is presented in the
financial statements and notes thereto in Item 8 of Part II above. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of
this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. 

62 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-250932), filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-250932), filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-250932), filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-250932), filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020). 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, dated as of December 10, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39793), filed with the SEC on December 15, 2020). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-3973), filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021). 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement among Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I, Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC, its officers and directors, dated as of December 10, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39793), filed with the SEC on December 15, 2020). 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement between Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, dated as of December 10, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39793), filed with the SEC on December 15, 2020). 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I and Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC, dated as of December 10, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39793), filed with the SEC on December 15, 2020). 

10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I and Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC, dated as of December 10, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39793), filed with the SEC on December 15, 2020). 

10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated December 10, 2020, between the Company and Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39793), filed with the SEC on December 15, 2020). 

63 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of August 27, 2020, issued to Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-250932), filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement between Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC and Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-250932), filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Joinder Agreement, dated December 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Natasha Deckmann (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39793) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 

10.9 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of April 14, 2022, issued to Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39793), filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022). 

10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of March 1, 2023, issued to Health Connect Acquisitions Holdings LLC (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39793), filed with the SEC on March 2, 2023. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-250932), filed with the SEC on November 24, 2020). 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page herein). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None . 

64 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SENIOR CONNECT ACQUISITION CORP. I 

By: 
 /s/ Richard T. Burke 

Name: 
 Richard T. Burke 
 
 Dated: April 14, 2023 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

The undersigned directors
and officers of Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I hereby constitute and appoint each of Richard T. Burke, Isaac Applbaum and Ryan Burke,
with the power to act without the others and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, our hue and lawful attorney-in-fact and
agent with full power to execute in our name and behalf in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments to this report and to
file the same, with all exhibits and other documents relating thereto and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorney-in-fact, or
such attorney-in-fact s substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated below. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Richard T. Burke 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Richard T. Burke 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Isaac Applbaum 
 
 President and Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Isaac Applbaum 

/s/ Ryan Burke 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Ryan Burke 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Steven Schwartz 
 
 Executive Vice President of M A 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Steven Schwartz 

/s/ Jeffrey A. Leerink 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Jeffrey A. Leerink 

/s/ Lee Shapiro 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Lee Shapiro 

/s/ Mark A. Thierer 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Mark A. Thierer 

/s/ Natasha Deckmann 
 
 Director 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Natasha Deckmann 

65 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_seniorconacq1.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
OF 
SENIOR CONNECT ACQUISITION CORP. I 

December 12, 2022 

Senior Connect Acquisition
Corp. I, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), DOES
HEREBY CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS: 

1. The name of the Corporation
is Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I , as amended from the original entity name of Health Connect Acquisitions Corp.
I in a certificate of amendment to certificate of incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on November 16, 2020.
The original certificate of incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August 27, 2020 (the Original
Certificate . 

2. This Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate ), which both restates and amends
the provisions of the Original Certificate, was duly adopted in accordance with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time (the DGCL ). 

3. This Amended and Restated
Certificate shall become effective on the date of filing with the Secretary of State of Delaware. 

4. Certain capitalized terms
used in this Amended and Restated Certificate are defined where appropriate herein. 

5. The text of the Original
Certificate is hereby restated and amended in its entirety to read as follows: 

Article
I 
NAME 

The name of the corporation
is Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I (the Corporation ). 

Article
II 
PURPOSE 

The purpose of the Corporation
is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL. In addition to the powers and privileges
conferred upon the Corporation by law and those incidental thereto, the Corporation shall possess and may exercise all the powers and
privileges that are necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the business or purposes of the Corporation, including,
but not limited to, effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination involving the Corporation and one or more businesses (a Business Combination ). 

Article
III 
REGISTERED AGENT 

The address of the Corporation s
registered office in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware,
19808, and the name of the Corporation s registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

Article
IV 
CAPITALIZATION 

Section 4.1 Authorized Capital
Stock . The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock, each with a par value of 0.0001 per share, which the Corporation
is authorized to issue is 401,000,000 shares, consisting of (a) 400,000,000 shares of common stock (the Common Stock , 
including (i) 380,000,000 shares of Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock ), and (ii) 20,000,000 shares
of Class B common stock (the Class B Common Stock , and (b) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock (the
 Preferred Stock ). 

Effective December 10, 2020
(the Effective Time ), each issued share of Class B Common Stock of the Corporation that is outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into one and one-fifth issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, without further
action on the part of the Corporation or the holders thereof and whether or not certificates representing such shares are surrendered
for cancellation. 

Section 4.2 Preferred Stock .
Subject to Article IX of this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board is hereby expressly authorized to provide out of the unissued shares of the Preferred Stock for one or more series of Preferred Stock
and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights, if any, designations,
powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional, special and other rights, if any, of each such series and any qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issuance
of such series and included in a certificate of designation (a Preferred Stock Designation filed pursuant
to the DGCL, and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority to the full extent provided by law, now or hereafter, to adopt
any such resolution or resolutions. 

Section 4.3 Common Stock. 

(a) Voting. 

(i) Except as otherwise
required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the Common Stock
shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation. 

(ii) Except as otherwise
required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of shares of Common
Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders on which the holders of
the Common Stock are entitled to vote. 

(iii) Except as otherwise
required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), at any annual or special meeting
of the stockholders of the Corporation, holders of the Class A Common Stock and holders of the Class B Common Stock, voting together as
a single class, shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a
vote of the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate
(including any Preferred Stock Designation), holders of shares of any series of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment
to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms
of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock or other series of Common Stock if the holders of such affected series of Preferred
Stock or Common Stock, as applicable, are entitled exclusively, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such
series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or the DGCL. 

(b) Class B Common Stock. 

(i) Shares of Class
B Common Stock shall be convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis (the Initial Conversion Ratio automatically concurrently with or immediately following the closing of the Business Combination (as defined below). 

(ii) Notwithstanding
the Initial Conversion Ratio, in the case that additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed
issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Corporation s initial public offering of securities (the Offering and related to or in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination (as defined below), all issued and outstanding shares
of Class B Common Stock shall automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the closing of the Corporation s
initial Business Combination, the ratio for which the shares of Class B Common Stock shall convert into shares of Class A Common Stock
will be adjusted so that the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B Common Stock will
equal, in the aggregate, 25 of the sum of (a) the total number of all shares of Class A Common Stock issued in the Offering (including
any shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option) plus (b) the sum of (i) all shares
of Class A Common Stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued
or deemed issued in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination (including any shares of Class A Common
Stock issued pursuant to a forward purchase agreement), excluding any shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities or rights
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination, any private placement warrants issued to Health Connect Acquisitions
Holdings LLC (the Sponsor ), or an affiliate of the Sponsor or the Corporation s officers and directors
upon the conversion of working capital loans made to the Corporation and any warrants issued pursuant to a forward purchase agreement,
minus (ii) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock redeemed in connection with a Business Combination, provided that such conversion
of shares of Class B Common Stock shall never be less than the Initial Conversion Ratio. 

2 

As used herein, equity-linked
securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common
stock issued in connection with a Business Combination including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. 

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, (i) the foregoing adjustment to the Initial Conversion Ratio may be waived as to any particular issuance
or deemed issuance of additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities by the written consent or agreement of holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding consenting or agreeing separately as a single class in the manner
provided in Section 4.3(b)(iii) , and (ii) in no event shall the Class B Common Stock convert into Class A Common Stock at a ratio
that is less than one-for-one. 

The foregoing conversion ratio
shall also be adjusted to account for any subdivision (by stock split, subdivision, exchange, stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization
or otherwise) or combination (by reverse stock split, exchange, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or similar reclassification
or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into a greater or lesser number of shares occurring after the original
filing of this Amended and Restated Certificate without a proportionate and corresponding subdivision, combination or similar reclassification
or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. 

Each share of Class B Common
Stock shall convert into its pro rata number of shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) . The pro
rata share for each holder of Class B Common Stock will be determined as follows: Each share of Class B Common Stock shall convert
into such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as is equal to the product of one (1) multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which
shall be the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock into which all of the issued and outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock
shall be converted pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) and the denominator of which shall be the total number of issued and outstanding
shares of Class B Common Stock at the time of conversion. 

(iii) Voting. 
Except as otherwise required by law or this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), for so long
as any shares of Class B Common Stock shall remain outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the prior vote or written consent of
the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B Common Stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or
repeal any provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration
or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B
Common Stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B Common Stock may be taken without
a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed
by the holders of the outstanding Class B Common Stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize
or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B Common Stock were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation
by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation
having custody of the book in which minutes of proceedings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation s registered
office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt written notice of the taking of corporate
action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent of the holders of Class B Common Stock shall, to the extent required by
law, be given to those holders of Class B Common Stock who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting,
would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for notice of such meeting had been the date that written consents
signed by a sufficient number of holders of Class B Common Stock to take the action were delivered to the Corporation 

3 

(c) Dividends. Subject
to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock and the provisions of Article
IX hereof, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash,
property or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds
of the Corporation legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. 

(d) Liquidation, Dissolution
or Winding Up of the Corporation. Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred
Stock and the provisions of Article IX hereof, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, the holders of shares
of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders,
ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them. 

Section 4.4 Rights and Options .
The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to acquire from the Corporation
any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, with such rights, warrants and options to be evidenced by or in instrument(s)
approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for exercise and other terms and conditions of
such rights, warrants or options; provided, however, that the consideration to be received for any shares of capital stock issuable upon
exercise thereof may not be less than the par value thereof. 

Article
V 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Section 5.1 Board Powers .
The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board. In addition to the powers and authority
expressly conferred upon the Board by statute, this Amended and Restated Certificate or the Bylaws of the Corporation Bylaws , 
the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation,
subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL, this Amended and Restated Certificate and any Bylaws adopted by the stockholders;
provided, however, that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been
valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted. 

Section 5.2 Number, Election
and Term. 

(a) The number of directors
of the Corporation, other than those who may be elected by the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock voting separately
by class or series, shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board. 

(b) Subject to Section 5.5 
hereof, the Board shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible and designated Class I, Class II and Class
III. The Board is authorized to assign members of the Board already in office to Class I, Class II or Class III. The term of the initial
Class I Directors shall expire at the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this
Amended and Restated Certificate, the term of the initial Class II Directors shall expire at the second annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate and the term of the initial Class III Directors
shall expire at the third annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated
Certificate. At each succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, beginning with the first annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate, each of the successors elected to
replace the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term or until the election
and qualification of their respective successors in office, subject to their earlier death, resignation or removal. Subject to Section
5.5 hereof, if the number of directors that constitutes the Board is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the
Board among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, but in no case shall a decrease
in the number of directors constituting the Board shorten the term of any incumbent director. Subject to the rights of the holders of
one or more series of Preferred Stock, voting separately by class or series, to elect directors pursuant to the terms of one or more series
of Preferred Stock, the election of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person
or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The Board is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution or resolutions
thereof, to assign members of the Board already in office to the aforesaid classes at the time this Amended and Restated Certificate (and
therefore such classification) becomes effective in accordance with the DGCL. 

4 

(c) Subject to Section 5.5
 hereof, a director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her
successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification
or removal. 

(d) Unless and except to the
extent that the Bylaws shall so require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot. 

Section 5.3 Newly Created
Directorships and Vacancies . Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number
of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause may
be filled solely and exclusively by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum or by a sole
remaining director (and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class
of directors to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor has been elected
and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 

Section 5.4 Removal .
Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only
by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 

Section 5.5 Preferred Stock
- Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V, and except as otherwise required by law, whenever the holders
of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect one or more directors,
the term of office, the filling of vacancies, the removal from office and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the
terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation)
and such directors shall not be included in any of the classes created pursuant to this Article V unless expressly provided by
such terms. 

Section 5.6 Quorum . A
quorum for the transaction of business by the directors shall be set forth in the Bylaws. 

Article
VI 
BYLAWS 

In furtherance and not in
limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power and is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or
repeal the Bylaws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws. The
Bylaws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders; provided, however, that in addition to any vote of the holders
of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any
Preferred Stock Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall
be required for the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws; and provided further, however, that no Bylaws hereafter
adopted by the stockholders shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted. 

5 

Article
VII 
MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS; ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT 

Section 7.1 Meetings .
Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, and to the requirements of applicable
law, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the
Corporation, or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, and the ability of the stockholders to call a special
meeting is hereby specifically denied. Except as provided in the foregoing sentence, special meetings of stockholders may not be called
by another person or persons. 

Section 7.2 Advance Notice .
Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting
of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 

Section 7.3 Action by Written
Consent . Except as may be otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred
Stock Designation) relating to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, subsequent to the consummation
of the Offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected by a duly called
annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect
to the Class B Common Stock with respect to which action may be taken by written consent. 

Article
VIII 
LIMITED LIABILITY; INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 8.1 Limitation of
Director Liability . A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted
under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended unless a director violated his or her duty of loyalty to the Corporation
or its stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful
stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived improper personal benefit from his or her actions as a director. Any amendment, modification
or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect
of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 

Section 8.2 Indemnification
and Advancement of Expenses. 

(a) To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who is
or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit
or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding by reason of the fact
that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving
at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture,
trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (an indemnitee , 
whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other
capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without
limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred
by such indemnitee in connection with such proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay
the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in
advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance
of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay
all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section
8.2 or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Section 8.2 shall be contract
rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure
to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.2(a) ,
except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses
to an indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof)
was authorized by the Board. 

6 

(b) The rights to indemnification
and advancement of expenses conferred on any indemnitee by this Section 8.2 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that any
indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law, this Amended and Restated Certificate, the Bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders
or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 

(c) Any repeal or amendment
of this Section 8.2 by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provision of this
Amended and Restated Certificate inconsistent with this Section 8.2 , shall, unless otherwise required by law, be prospective only
(except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive
basis than permitted prior thereto), and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time
of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any proceeding (regardless of when such proceeding
is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment
or adoption of such inconsistent provision. 

(d) This Section 8.2 
shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance
expenses to persons other than indemnitees. 

Article
IX 
BUSINESS COMBINATION REQUIREMENTS; EXISTENCE 

Section 9.1 General. 

(a) The provisions of this Article
IX shall apply during the period commencing upon the effectiveness of this Amended and Restated Certificate and terminating upon the
consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination and no amendment to this Article IX shall be effective prior
to the consummation of the initial Business Combination unless approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-five
percent (65 of all then outstanding shares of the Common Stock. 

(b) Immediately after the Offering,
a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds of any exercise of the
underwriters over-allotment option) and certain other amounts specified in the Corporation s registration statement on Form
S-1, initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on November 24, 2020, as amended
(the Registration Statement ), shall be deposited in a trust account (the Trust Account ),
established for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust agreement described in the Registration
Statement. Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, none of the funds held in the Trust Account (including the interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account) will be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (i) the completion of the
initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of 100 of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the Corporation is unable to complete
its initial Business Combination within 36 months from the closing of the Offering or such earlier date as determined by the Board in
its sole discretion (the Required Period and (iii) the redemption of shares in connection with a vote seeking
to amend such provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate as described in Section 9.7. Holders of shares of Common Stock included
as part of the units sold in the Offering (the Offering Shares (whether such Offering Shares were purchased
in the Offering or in the secondary market following the Offering and whether or not such holders are the Sponsor or officers or directors
of the Corporation, or affiliates of any of the foregoing) are referred to herein as Public Stockholders . 

Section 9.2 Redemption Rights. 

(a) Prior to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall provide all holders of Offering Shares with the opportunity to have their Offering
Shares redeemed upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination pursuant to, and subject to the limitations of, Sections
9.2(b) an d 9.2(c) (such rights of such holders to have their Offering Shares redeemed pursuant to such Sections, the Redemption
Rights hereof for cash equal to the applicable redemption price per share determined in accordance with Section 9.2(b) 
hereof (the Redemption Price ; provided, however, that the Corporation shall not redeem Offering Shares
in an amount that would cause the Corporation to have net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (such limitation hereinafter called
the Redemption Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended
and Restated Certificate, there shall be no Redemption Rights or liquidating distributions with respect to any warrant issued pursuant
to the Offering. 

7 

(b) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares other than in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act 
(or any successor rules or regulations) and filing proxy materials with the SEC, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares
upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, in accordance with the provisions
of Section 9.2(a) hereof pursuant to a tender offer in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act (or any
successor rule or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Tender Offer Rules which
it shall commence prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination and shall file tender offer documents with the SEC prior
to the consummation of the initial Business Combination that contain substantially the same financial and other information about the
initial Business Combination and the Redemption Rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (or any successor rule
or regulation) (such rules and regulations hereinafter called the Proxy Solicitation Rules ), even if
such information is not required under the Tender Offer Rules; provided, however, that if a stockholder vote is required by law to approve
the proposed initial Business Combination, or the Corporation decides to submit the proposed initial Business Combination to the stockholders
for their approval for business or other legal reasons, the Corporation shall offer to redeem the Offering Shares, subject to lawfully
available funds therefor, in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2(a) hereof in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to the Proxy Solicitation Rules (and not the Tender Offer Rules) at a price per share equal to the Redemption Price calculated in accordance
with the following provisions of this Section 9.2(b) . In the event that the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares pursuant
to a tender offer in accordance with the Tender Offer Rules, the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of
the Offering Shares tendering their Offering Shares pursuant to such tender offer shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing:
(i) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
including interest not previously released to the Corporation to pay its taxes, by (ii) the total number of then outstanding Offering
Shares. If the Corporation offers to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on the proposed initial Business
Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation, the Redemption Price per share of the Common Stock payable to holders of the Offering Shares
exercising their Redemption Rights (irrespective of whether they voted in favor or against the Business Combination) shall be equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing: (x) the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the initial Business Combination, including interest not previously released to the Corporation to pay its taxes, by (y) the total
number of then outstanding Offering Shares. 

(c) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination pursuant to a proxy solicitation,
a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), shall be restricted from seeking Redemption
Rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the Offering Shares without the prior consent of the Corporation. 

(d) In the event that the
Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Required Period, the Corporation shall (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to
lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the Offering Shares in consideration of a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest not previously released
to the Corporation to pay its taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), by (B) the total number of then outstanding
Offering Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish rights of the Public Stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Board in accordance with applicable law, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to the Corporation s obligations under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and other requirements of applicable
law. 

8 

(e) If the Corporation offers
to redeem the Offering Shares in conjunction with a stockholder vote on an initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall consummate
the proposed initial Business Combination only if (i) such initial Business Combination is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the shares of the Common Stock that are voted at a stockholder meeting held to consider such initial Business Combination
and (ii) the Redemption Limitation is not exceeded. 

(f) If the Corporation conducts
a tender offer pursuant to Section 9.2(b) , the Corporation shall consummate the proposed initial Business Combination only if the
Redemption Limitation is not exceeded. 

Section 9.3 Distributions
from the Trust Account. 

(a) A Public Stockholder shall
be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only as provided in Sections 9.2(a) , 9.2(b) , 9.2(d) or 9.7 
hereof. In no other circumstances shall a Public Stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in or to distributions from the Trust
Account, and no stockholder other than a Public Stockholder shall have any interest in or to the Trust Account. 

(b) Each Public Stockholder
that does not exercise its Redemption Rights shall retain its interest in the Corporation and shall be deemed to have given its consent
to the release of the remaining funds in the Trust Account to the Corporation, and following payment to any Public Stockholders exercising
their Redemption Rights, the remaining funds in the Trust Account shall be released to the Corporation. 

(c) The exercise by a Public
Stockholder of the Redemption Rights shall be conditioned on such Public Stockholder following the specific procedures for redemptions
set forth by the Corporation in any applicable tender offer or proxy materials sent to the Public Stockholders relating to the proposed
initial Business Combination. Payment of the amounts necessary to satisfy the Redemption Rights properly exercised shall be made as promptly
as practical after the consummation of the initial Business Combination. 

Section 9.4 Share Issuances .
Prior to the consummation of the Corporation s initial Business Combination, the Corporation shall not issue any additional shares
of capital stock of the Corporation that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the Trust Account or vote as a class
with the Class A Common Stock on any initial Business Combination, on any pre-Business Combination activity or on any amendment to this
 Article IX. 

Section 9.5 Transactions
with Affiliates . In the event the Corporation enters into an initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated
with the Sponsor, or the directors or officers of the Corporation, the Corporation, or a committee of the independent directors of the
Corporation, shall obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such Business Combination is fair to the Corporation from a financial point of view. 

Section 9.6 No Transactions
with Other Blank Check Companies . The Corporation shall not enter into an initial Business Combination with another blank check company
or a similar company with nominal operations. 

Section 9.7 Additional Redemption
Rights . If, in accordance with Section 9.1(a) , any amendment is made to this Amended and Restated Certificate (a) to modify
the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Corporation s initial Business
Combination or to redeem 100 of the Offering Shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the
Required Period or (b) with respect to any other material provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, the Public Stockholders shall be provided with the opportunity to redeem their Offering
Shares upon the approval of any such amendment, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the Trust Account, including interest not previously released to the Corporation to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding
Offering Shares; provided, however, that any such amendment will be voided, and this Article IX will remain unchanged, if any stockholders
who wish to redeem are unable to redeem due to the Redemption Limitation. 

9 

Section 9.8 Minimum Value
of Initial Business Combination . The Corporation s initial Business Combination must be comprised of one or more Business Combinations
having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Corporation signs a definitive agreement in
connection with the initial Business Combination. 

Article
X 
CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY 

To the extent allowed by law,
the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any other analogous doctrine, shall not apply with respect to the Corporation or any of its
officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, in circumstances where the application of any such doctrine would conflict
with any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations they may have as of the date of this Amended and Restated Certificate or in the future,
and the Corporation renounces any expectancy that any of the directors or officers of the Corporation will offer any such corporate opportunity
of which he or she may become aware to the Corporation, except, the doctrine of corporate opportunity shall apply with respect to any
of the directors or officers of the Corporation with respect to a corporate opportunity that was offered to such person solely in his
or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation and (i) such opportunity is one the Corporation is legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for the Corporation to pursue and (ii) the director or officer is permitted to
refer that opportunity to the Corporation without violating any legal obligation. 

Article
XI 
AMENDMENT OF AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

The Corporation reserves the
right at any time and from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate
(including any Preferred Stock Designation), and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force
that may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Amended and Restated Certificate and the DGCL; and, except
as set forth in Article VIII, all rights, preferences and privileges of whatever nature herein conferred upon stockholders, directors
or any other persons by and pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted
subject to the right reserved in this Article XI; provided , however , that Article IX of this Amended and Restated
Certificate may be amended only as provided therein. 

Article
XII 
EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR CERTAIN LAWSUITS 

Section 12.1 Forum . Unless
the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the Court
of Chancery shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any
derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty
owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any
action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or
this Amended and Restated Certificate or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers
or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be
deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel, except for, as to each of (i) through (iv) above,
any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the
Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days
following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery
or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this
 Section 12.1 will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for
which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rule and regulations thereunder. Additionally, unless the
Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution
of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, against the Corporation or any of its
directors, officers, other employees or agents. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of
the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 12.1 . 

Section 12.2 Consent to Jurisdiction .
If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 12.1 immediately above is filed in a court other than
a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder
shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware
in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 12.1 immediately above (an FSC Enforcement
Action and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such FSC Enforcement Action
by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 

Section 12.3 Severability .
If any provision or provisions of this Article XII shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person
or entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the validity, legality and enforceability
of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Article XII (including, without limitation,
each portion of any sentence of this Article XII containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that
is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances
shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of
capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article XII . 

[Signature Page Follows] 

10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Senior
Connect Acquisition Corp. I has caused this Amended and Restated Certificate to be duly executed and acknowledged in its name and on its
behalf by an authorized officer as of the date first set forth above. 

SENIOR CONNECT ACQUISITION CORP. I 

By: 
 /s/ Ryan Burke 

Name: Ryan Burke 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

[Signature Page to Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation] 

11 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_seniorconacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, Richard T. Burke, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard T. Burke 

Richard T. Burke 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_seniorconacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
AMENDED 

I, Ryan Burke, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan Burke 

Ryan Burke 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_seniorconacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard T. Burke, Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard T. Burke 

Richard T. Burke 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_seniorconacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Senior Connect Acquisition Corp. I (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ryan Burke, Chief Financial Officer and Director,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan Burke 

Ryan Burke 

Chief Financial Officer and Director 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 snrh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 snrh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 snrh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 snrh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 snrh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

