<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230525_10-K_edgar_data_806172_0001171520-23-000181.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4534160</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>181856</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1096997</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1259066</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>841765</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1042645</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171520-23-000181.hdr.sgml : 20230525
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230525085301
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171520-23-000181
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230525
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230525

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SONO TEK CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000806172
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SPECIAL INDUSTRY MACHINERY, NEC [3559]
		IRS NUMBER:				141568099
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40763
		FILM NUMBER:		23956410

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2012 RT 9W BLDG 3
		CITY:			MILTON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12547
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8457952020

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2012 RT. 9W, BLDG. 3,
		CITY:			MILTON
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12547

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171520-23-000181.txt : 20230525

10-K
 1
 eps10796_sotk.htm

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year ended: , 2023 

Commission File Number: 

(Name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 

(Capital Market) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated
filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of
those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of August 31, 2022 the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Registrant's Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately
 computed by reference to the average of the bid and asked prices of the Common Stock on said date, which average was 5.52. 

The Registrant had shares of Common Stock outstanding as of May 23, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business . 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors . 
 5 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments . 
 20 

Item 2. 
 Properties . 
 20 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings . 
 20 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures . 
 20 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 
 21 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 21 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 21 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 28 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures . 
 29 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information . 
 29 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections . 
 29 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 30 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation . 
 34 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 
 37 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions . 
 38 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services . 
 39 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary . 
 41 

PART I 

ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS 
 
 Sono-Tek Corporation (the Company , Sono-Tek ,
 We or Our is the world leader in the design and manufacture of ultrasonic coating systems for applying precise,
thin film coatings to add functional properties, protect or strengthen surfaces on parts and components for the microelectronics/electronics,
alternative energy, medical, industrial and emerging research development/other markets. We design and manufacture custom-engineered
ultrasonic coating systems incorporating our patented technology, in combination with strong applications engineering knowledge, to assist
our customers in achieving their desired coating solutions. 

 Our ultrasonic nozzle systems use high frequency ultrasonic
vibrations that atomize liquids into minute drops that can be applied to surfaces at low velocity providing microscopic layers of protective
and other useful materials over a wide variety of surfaces, including glass and metals. Our equipment solutions are environmentally-friendly,
efficient and highly reliable. They enable dramatic reductions in overspray, savings in raw materials, water and energy usage and provide
improved process repeatability, transfer efficiency, high uniformity and reduced emissions. We serve a variety of industries and applications
and have a broad base of customers. 

 The applications that are employing our unique coating technology
and expertise have been expanding as the advantages of ultrasonic coatings are more broadly recognized. The original application of our
technology was to coat the inner surface of blood collection tubes used for medical diagnostic testing. Our products enable the application
of a thin and uniform coating of material that prevents coagulation of blood. Following that initial breakthrough, our technology was
then used for applying uniform flux coatings to printed circuit boards, a critical part of the fabrication process for all electronic
devices. A later application for much larger surfaces was to address the many challenges that glass manufacturers faced. They needed a
solution for specialized glass applications in the construction and automotive industries. Among other things, our ultrasonic nozzles
are used to provide coatings that improve durability, create filters, increase clarity, reduce reflection, enable conductivity, and enhance
safety. We have invested significant resources to enhance our market diversity by leveraging our core ultrasonic coating technology. As
a result, we have increased our portfolio of products, the industries we serve, and the countries in which we sell our products. 

 We were founded by the inventor of the ultrasonic nozzle, Dr. Harvey
Berger, and incorporated in New York on March 21, 1975. We became a public company in 1987 and our stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital
Market. Our corporate offices are located in Milton, New York where our production facilities are co-located. We also have a sales and
service office in Singapore and an application process development laboratory in Guangzhou, China. We are ISO 9001 qualified since registering
in September 1998 and have been recertified annually since then. 

Our fiscal year ends on February 28. We refer to the fiscal year ended
February 28, 2023 as fiscal 2023 and use similar protocol for previous fiscal years. 

Our Products, Markets and Customers 

Our products are used in a wide range of applications. We provide
our customers a broad offering of ultrasonic spray coating equipment solutions custom suited for their requirements and we continually
expand our offerings to address new applications. Our products include fully integrated Multi-Axis Coating Systems, Integrated Coating
Systems, Fluxing Systems, OEM Systems and other related systems. We invest heavily in research and development to continually bring to
market new solutions for our customers, to increase our market share and to solve high value problems in manufacturing. 

1 

Our Multi-Axis Coating Systems, Integrated Coating Systems and Fluxing
Systems provide complete fully integrated solutions for our customers, while we created the Universal Align to offer our customers subsystems
that integrate our nozzles and generators that they can then incorporate into their original equipment. 

We have built our brand and reputation on providing high quality,
highly reliable products that provide consistent performance for critical applications in demanding operating environments. Our surface
coating solutions are used in 24/7 work schedules, under harsh and challenging manufacturing environments, where they provide value in
a continuous and dependable fashion. 

We target the following markets where our product quality and consistency
and application knowledge are valued by our customers: 

Micro-Electronics/Electronics: 

o 
 Printed circuit boards: Ultrasonic flux application removes oxidation and is more efficient than standard, historic processes 

o 
 Semiconductors: Applications of micron-thin photo-resist layers onto complex wafers 

o 
 Sensors: Application of chemical, biological or other detection coatings as well as physical photoelectric elements for conversion of input and output signals 

o 
 Display/panel glass on personal electronic devices: for sensitivity to temperature, imprint, pressure and for physical protection 

Medical: Our systems are used in this industry to apply micron layers of polymers and drugs, biomedical materials and anti-coagulants. 

o 
 Implanted medical devices such as: 

Stents and balloons 

Artificial joints 

o 
 Blood collection tubes 

o 
 Diagnostic devices 

o 
 Bandages/protective wraps 

o 
 Lenses 

Industrial 

o 
 Flat float glass used for windows in buildings and vehicles 

o 
 Textiles: high performance value adding coatings such as anti-microbial, anti-stain, flame retardant and moisture barriers 

o 
 Food packaging and food safety: anti-microbial coatings 

o 
 Food: coatings of flavors, ingredients and other additives 

Alternative Energy : Our systems provide coatings of chemicals and other materials that act as catalysts, barriers, facilitators of symbiosis or other interactions between surfaces. 

o 
 Fuel cells 

o 
 Solar cells 

Emerging Research and Development / Other Markets 

o 
 Research and development efforts at universities, research institutions and government agencies that are not part of our already established markets 

o 
 A variety of other small industries using our coating technology, that have not yet matured into a developed marketplace for our ultrasonic coating machines 

2 

Our principal customers include original equipment manufacturers,
distributors and end users of our products in the industries that we serve. 

Our products are sold primarily through our direct sales personnel,
select independent distributors and through sales representatives around the world that are trained on our technologies and products.
Our distributors are typically experts in their industries and recognize the significant value that our technology provides their customers.
We provide extensive training and on-site support with our direct sales force and application engineers, who also respond to leads generated
by our web site and the trade shows in which we participate. To grow sales, we continue to strengthen our laboratory and applications
engineering personnel and support our worldwide process development labs with additional ultrasonic coating equipment, in conjunction
with sponsoring various technical training seminars for our distribution network. 

We also provide application consulting services enabling our customers
to rely on our surface coating expertise and specific customer process optimization. We offer these services both in our application process
development laboratory and at our customers sites where we can assist in the design and development of customized coating systems. 

We are a global business and our geographical sales mix can vary from
year to year depending on the timing of orders from customers. In fiscal 2023, 55 of our sales were from outside the U.S. and Canada. 

Our Strengths 

From our core strengths and capabilities we: 

Have built a strong reputation in the industry based on our ability to solve our customers complex problems and provide custom engineered, value-added solutions. 

Are renowned for our product quality, customer service and responsiveness and critical thinking that enables a strong problem-solving culture throughout our organization. 

Have expanded our ability to provide coating services for low to mid-volume demand to support our customers product development and testing. 

Are continually developing new technologies and solutions to address an ever-changing marketplace. 

Have built a strong balance sheet with no debt, which we believe, provides us with the financial flexibility to pursue our strategic plans for growth, including aggressive pursuit of organic and other development opportunities. 

Our Strategy 

Our strategy is to further advance the use of ultrasonic coating technologies
for the microscopic coating of surfaces in a broader array of applications which enable better outcomes for our customers products
and processes. We believe product superiority is imperative and that it is attained through the extensive experience that we have in the
coatings industry, our proprietary manufacturing know-how and skills, and our unique work force that we have built over the years. 

We intend to leverage our innovative technologies, proprietary know-how,
unique talent and experience, and global reach to: 

Grow the business globally by reaching new markets and further penetrating the markets and customers we currently serve; 

Increase our earnings power through lean manufacturing processes, automation and continuous improvement; 

3 

Develop new and unique technologies that solve our customers most challenging problems; 

Meet or exceed our customers expectations; and 

Provide an acceptable return to our shareholders. 

To accomplish these objectives, we believe that we must judiciously
deploy our monetary and human capital in order to expand our presence in our targeted markets and create broader offerings for our customers. 

Availability of Raw Materials 

Historically, we have not been adversely impacted by the availability
of raw materials or components used in the manufacture of our products. However, since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have encountered
challenges in procuring supplies of various materials and components, and electronic components in particular, due to well-documented
shortages and constraints in the global supply chain. Lead times for ordered components may vary significantly, and some components used
to manufacture our products are provided by a limited number of sources. We have experienced lengthened lead times throughout our supply
chain as a result of supply chain constraints and material shortages that have occurred through fiscal year 2023. 

Generally, except in instances of pandemic related supply chain issues,
all raw materials used in our products are available from many different domestic suppliers. We purchase circuit board assemblies and
sheet metal components from a wide range of suppliers throughout the world. 

When materials are plentiful, we carefully manage our inventory using
lean manufacturing processes. We provide a limited warranty on all of our products that covers parts and labor for a period of one year
from the date of sale . 

Research and Development 

We believe that our long-term growth is dependent upon the development
and commercialization of ultrasonic coating technologies to solve customers high value problems across a wide spectrum of applications
in various industries, while also advancing the utility of our core technology. During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, we spent 2,149,000
and 1,730,000, respectively, on research and development activities related to new products and services and the ongoing improvement
of existing products and services. As a percentage of sales, research and development expenses were 14.3 and 10.1 in fiscal 2023 and
2022, respectively. 

Intellectual Property 

Our business is based in part on the technology covered by our U.S.
patents. We also rely on unpatented know-how in the design and production of our nozzle systems, subsystems and complete solutions. We
have executed non-disclosure and non-compete agreements with all of our employees to safeguard our intellectual property. We execute reciprocal
non-disclosure agreements with our key customers to safeguard any jointly developed intellectual property. 

Competition 

We operate in competitive markets in many of our industry segments.
We compete against alternative coating technologies, as well as global and regional manufacturers of nozzles and other products based
on price, quality, product features, application engineering and follow-up service. We maintain our competitive position by providing
highly effective solutions that meet our customers requirements and needs. In several emerging markets, we encounter less competition
compared to more established markets based on the uniqueness of our ultrasonic technology in these applications. 

4 

Information Regarding Sales Outside
the United States and Canada and Significant Customers 

During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, net sales to customers outside
the U.S. and Canada accounted for approximately 8,254,000, or 55 of total net sales, and 11,653,000, or 68 of total net sales, respectively. 

Our two largest customers accounted for 14 of net sales in fiscal
2023. 

Employees 

As of February 28, 2023, we employed 73 full-time and 11 part-time
employees. We believe that relations with our employees are generally good. 

Available Information 

We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Therefore, we file reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains the reports, proxy statements and other information
for registrants that file electronically, as we do. Additionally, these reports may be read and copied at the Public Reference Room of
the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549. Information regarding the SEC s Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling
1-800-SEC-0330. 

We maintain a website at http://www.sono-tek.com. On our site, we
provide copies of our Forms 8-K, 10-K, 10-Q, Proxy and Annual Report as soon as reasonably practicable after filing electronically
such material with the SEC. Copies are also available, without charge, from Sono-Tek Corporation, 2012 Route 9W, Milton, NY 12547. 

ITEM 1A 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 

Ongoing impacts from COVID-19 or another
pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease may materially and adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition
and operating results. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted our
business, and it, as well as other possible health pandemics, epidemics or outbreaks, may materially and adversely impact our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results in the future. Our engineering and product development operations, among others,
cannot all be conducted in a remote working structure and often require on-site access to materials and equipment. We have customers with
international operations in varying industries. We also depend on suppliers and manufacturers worldwide. We are currently experiencing
disruptions and delays in our supply chain. Depending upon the duration of the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may linger
for some time even if significant health risks abate, our customers, suppliers, manufacturers and partners may suspend or delay their
engagement with us or take other actions or experience their own negative impacts, any of which could result in a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and ability to meet current timelines. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected and may continue to adversely
affect our ability to recruit skilled employees to join our team and to meet our product development timelines. Our response to the ongoing
COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing impacts on our supply chain and business activities may prove to be inadequate, and we may be unable
to operate in the manner necessary to avoid interruptions, reputational harm and delays in our product development and shipments, any
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. In addition, pre-COVID-19
supply chain, economic and business conditions may not ever return. 

5 

To the extent COVID-19 continues to impact our
business, financial position and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening certain of the other risks described
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, such as those relating to our international operations and global strategies and our dependence on
third-party suppliers. 

We do not have long-term commitments for significant revenues
with most of our customers and may be unable to retain existing customers, attract new customers or replace departing customers with new
customers that can provide comparable revenues and profit margins. 

Because we generally do not obtain firm, long-term
volume purchase commitments from our customers, most of our sales are derived from individual purchase orders. We remain dependent upon
securing new purchase orders in the future in order to sustain and grow our revenues. Accordingly, there is no assurance that our revenues
and business will grow in the future. Our failure to maintain and expand our customer relationships could materially and adversely affect
our business and results of operations. 

In recent years, a few major customers and distributors have
accounted for a significant portion of our revenue. Our revenue could decline if we are unable to maintain or develop relationships with
additional customers or distributors and our results of operations could be adversely affected if any one of these customers is unable
to meet their financial obligations to us. 

For the year ended February 28, 2023, our two
largest customers accounted for approximately 14 of our net sales. For the year ended February 28, 2022, our two largest customers accounted
for approximately 24 of our net sales. If we are unable to diversify our customer base, our future results could be heavily dependent
on these customers and distributors. Our dependence on a limited number of customers and distributors means that the loss of a major customer
or distributor or any reduction in orders by a major customer or distributor would materially reduce our net sales and adversely affect
our results of operations. We expect that sales to relatively few customers will continue to account for a significant percentage of our
net sales for the foreseeable future; however, these customers or our other customers, may not use our products at current levels in the
future, if at all. Customer purchase orders may be delayed or cancelled, and order volume levels can be changed with loss of deposit as
the only penalty. We may not be able to replace cancelled, delayed, or reduced purchase orders with new orders. If any one of these customers
reduces its demand for our products, it will likely have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Furthermore, a significant portion of our accounts
receivables is concentrated with a few major customers, who may not be able to meet their financial obligations to us. The failure
of any such customers to pay amounts owed to us in a timely fashion or at all could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The
Company is also exposed to credit risk on its accounts receivable, and this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions
worsen. The Company's outstanding receivables are not covered by collateral or credit insurance. The Company's exposure to credit and
collectability risk on its receivables may also be higher in certain international markets, and its ability to mitigate such risks may
be limited. While the Company has procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on its receivables, there can be no assurance
such procedures will effectively limit our credit risk and avoid losses. 

6 

We will need to raise additional funds to develop our business,
which may adversely affect our future growth. 

We may finance a portion of our anticipated
future growth and possibly future strategic acquisitions through public or private equity offerings or debt financings. Additional funds
may not be available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required
to delay or reduce the scope of, our plans to grow our revenues or to consummate one or more strategic acquisitions or otherwise
to scale back our business plans. In addition, we could be forced to reduce or forego attractive business opportunities. To the extent
that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution. In addition, debt financing,
if available, may involve restrictive covenants. We may seek to access the public or private capital markets whenever conditions are favorable,
even if we do not have an immediate need for additional capital at that time. Our access to the financial markets and the pricing and
terms we receive in the financial markets could be adversely impacted by various factors, including changes in financial markets and interest
rates. 

We may be adversely affected by global and regional economic
conditions and military, legislative, regulatory and political developments. 

We sell our products around the world, and we
expect to continue to derive a substantial portion of sales from outside the U.S. The uncertain macroeconomic environment caused by the
outbreak of COVID-19 may adversely affect our results and could have a negative impact on demand for our products. In addition, we are
currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical
instability due to the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in
Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions. 

Customers or suppliers may experience cash flow
problems and as a result, may modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products, and suppliers may significantly and quickly increase
their prices or reduce their output. Additionally, if customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are precluded from
securing financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, amounts owed to us. Any inability of current and/or potential
customers to purchase our products and/or to pay us for our products may adversely affect our sales, earnings and cash flow. Sales and
earnings could also be affected by our ability to manage the risks and uncertainties associated with the application of local legal requirements
or the enforceability of laws and contractual obligations, trade protection measures, changes in tax laws, regional political instability,
war, terrorist activities, severe or prolonged adverse weather conditions and natural disasters as well as health epidemics or pandemics. 

Our success will depend, to a large degree, on the expertise
and experience of the members of our management team, the loss of whom could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our success is, to a large degree, dependent upon
the expertise and experience of the management team and its ability to attract and retain qualified personnel who are technically proficient.
The loss of the services of one or more of such personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business may be adversely
affected if we are unable to continue to attract and retain such personnel. 

7 

We will need to add qualified additional personnel as we expand
our business, and we may not be able to employ such persons, which could affect our ability to expand and have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

In order to expand our product offerings
and customer base, we will need to hire additional qualified personnel. We may not be able to identify such persons, and even if we identify
them, we may not have the funds or ability to employ them, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Although we have not experienced any material
disruptions due to labor shortages to date, we have observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market. A sustained
labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base, whether caused by COVID-19 or as a result of general macroeconomic
factors, could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and increased wage rates to attract and retain employees,
and could negatively affect our ability to complete our projects according to the required schedule or otherwise efficiently operate our
business. If we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high level, or if mitigation measures we may take to
respond to a decrease in labor availability, such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, have unintended negative effects, our business
could be adversely affected. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation, caused by COVID-19
or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, could have a material adverse impact on our operations, results of operations, liquidity
or cash flows. 

If we are unable to manage our expected growth, our business
may be materially and adversely affected. 

We expect to expand our operations, including
by expanding our internal resources, making acquisitions and entering into new markets, and we intend to continue to focus on rapid growth,
including organic growth and possibly acquisitions. The growth of our business could place significant strain on our management, operational
and financial resources. To manage our future growth, we could be required to improve existing or implement new operational or financial
systems, procedures and controls or expand, train and manage a growing employee base. Our failure to accomplish any of these tasks could
materially and adversely affect our business. Even if we are successful in integrating future acquisitions into our existing operations,
we may not derive the benefits, such as operational or administrative synergies, that we expected from such acquisitions, which may result
in the investment of our capital resources without realizing the expected returns on such investment. 

Our inability to protect our intellectual property rights could
negatively affect our business and results of operations. 

Our ability to compete effectively depends in
part upon developing, maintaining and/or protecting intellectual property rights relevant to our ultrasonic nozzles and coating processes.
We rely principally on a combination of patent protection, trade secret laws, confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, and trusted
business relationships to establish, maintain and protect the intellectual property rights relevant to our business. These measures, however,
may not be adequate in every given case to permit us to gain or retain any competitive advantage, particularly in those countries where
the laws do not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States. 

8 

Where we consider it appropriate, we may seek
patent protection in the United States on technologies used in, or relating to, our ultrasonic nozzles, applications and manufacturing
processes. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its scope, validity and enforceability. Thus, any patent or patent application
which may issue into a patent held by us could be challenged, invalidated or held unenforceable in litigation or proceedings before the
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and/or other patent tribunals or circumvented by others. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of
patent claims has emerged to date in the United States, and the landscape could become more uncertain in view of future rule changes by
the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the introduction of patent reform legislation and decisions in patent law cases by United
States federal courts. The patent landscape outside the United States is even less predictable. As a result, the validity and enforceability
of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. In addition, we may fail to apply for patents on important technologies or product candidates
in a timely fashion, if at all, and our existing and future patents may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from utilizing our
technologies or from developing competing products or technologies. 

Our patent strategy involves complex legal and
factual questions. Our ability to maintain and solidify our proprietary technology may depend in part upon our success in obtaining patent
rights and enforcing those rights once granted or licensed. Our issued patents and those that may be issued in the future may be challenged,
invalidated, rendered unenforceable or circumvented, which could limit our ability to prevent competitors from marketing similar or related
products, or shorten the term of patent protection that we may have for our products, processes and enabling technologies. In addition,
the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with competitive advantages against competitors with similar technology.
Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop similar technologies, duplicate technology developed by us or otherwise possess
intellectual property rights that could limit our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business. 

We also rely on trade secret protection for our
confidential and proprietary information. Trade secrets, however, can be difficult to protect. We may not be able to maintain our technology
or know-how as trade secrets, and competitors may develop or acquire equally valuable or more valuable technology or know-how related
to the manufacture of comparable ultrasonic nozzles. We also seek to protect our confidential and proprietary information, in part, by
requiring all employees, consultants and business partners to execute confidentiality and/or nondisclosure agreements upon the commencement
of any employment, consulting arrangement or engagement with us. These agreements generally require that all confidential and proprietary
information developed by the employee, consultant, or business partner, or made known to the employee, consultant or business partner
by us, during the course of the relationship with us, be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements may be
breached and may not provide adequate remedies in the event of breach. To the extent that our employees, consultants, or business partners
use intellectual property owned by others in their work for and/or with us, disputes could arise as to the rights in related or resulting
technologies, know-how or inventions. Moreover, while we also require customers and vendors to execute agreements containing confidentiality
and/or nondisclosure provisions, we may not have obtained such agreements from all of our customers and vendors. In addition, our trade
secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors, customers, or vendors. Such customers or vendors may
also be subject to laws and regulations that require them to disclose information that we would otherwise seek to keep confidential. 

Moreover, others may independently develop and
obtain patents covering technologies that are similar or superior to the product forms, applications, or manufacturing processes that
we employ. If that happens, we may need to obtain licenses for these technologies and may not be able to obtain licenses on reasonable
terms, if at all, which could limit our ability to manufacture our future products and operate our business. In addition, third parties
could utilize our intellectual property rights in territories where we do not have intellectual property protection. Such third parties
may then try to import products made using our intellectual property rights into the United States or other countries, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

9 

We could become subject to intellectual property litigation
that could be costly, limit or cancel our intellectual property rights, divert time and efforts away from business operations, require
us to pay damages and/or otherwise have an adverse material impact on our business. 

The success of our business is highly dependent
on protecting our intellectual property rights. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our products and/or
enabling technologies. Policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights is difficult and expensive, as is enforcing these
rights against unauthorized use by others. Identifying unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights is difficult because we may
be unable to monitor the processes and/or materials being employed by other parties. The steps we have taken may not prevent unauthorized
use of our intellectual property rights, particularly in foreign countries where enforcement of intellectual property rights may be more
difficult than in the United States. 

Our continued commercial success will also depend
in part upon not infringing the patents or violating the intellectual property rights of third parties. We are aware of patents and patent
applications generally relating to aspects of our technologies filed by, and issued to, third parties. Nevertheless, we cannot determine
with certainty whether such patents or patent applications of other parties may materially affect our ability to conduct our business.
There may be existing patents of which we are unaware that we may inadvertently infringe, resulting in claims against us or our customers.
In the event that the manufacture, use and/or sale of our products or processes is challenged, or if our product forms or processes conflict
with the patent rights of others, third parties could bring legal actions against us or our customers in the United States, Asia, Europe
or other countries, claiming damages and seeking to enjoin the manufacturing and/or marketing of our products. Additionally, it is not
possible to predict with certainty what patent claims may issue from any relevant third-party pending patent applications. Third parties
may be able to obtain patents with claims relating to our product forms, applications and/or manufacturing processes which they could
attempt to assert against us or our customers. 

In either case, litigation may be necessary to
enforce, protect or defend our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights
of others. Any litigation could be unsuccessful, cause us to incur substantial costs, divert resources and the efforts of our personnel
away from daily operations, harm our reputation and/or result in the impairment of our intellectual property rights. In some cases, litigation
may be threatened or brought by a patent holding company or other adverse patent owner who has no relevant product revenues and against
which our patents may provide little or no deterrence. If we are found to infringe any patents, we could be required to (1) pay substantial
monetary damages, including lost profits, reasonable royalties and/or treble damages if an infringement is found to be willful and/or
(2) totally discontinue or substantially modify any products or processes that are found to be in violation of another party s intellectual
property rights. If our competitors are able to use our technology without payment to us, our ability to compete effectively could be
harmed. 

The markets within which we compete are highly competitive.
Many of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do and one or more of these competitors could use their greater
financial and other resources to gain market share at our expense. 

If our business continues to develop as expected,
we anticipate that our revenues will continue to grow. If, due to capital constraints or otherwise, we are unable to fulfill our existing
backlog in a timely manner and/or procure and timely fulfill our anticipated future backlog, our customers and potential customers may
decide to use competing systems or products. If we are unable to fulfill the demand for products and systems in a timely manner, our customers
and potential customers may choose to purchase products from our competitors. In addition, we could face new competition from large international
or domestic companies with established industrial brands and distribution networks that enter our end markets. Demand for our products
may also be affected by our ability to respond to changes in design and functionality, to respond to downward pricing pressure, and to
provide shorter lead times for our products than our competitors. If we are unable to respond successfully to these competitive pressures,
we could lose market share, which could have an adverse impact on our results. We cannot assure that we will be able to compete successfully
in our markets or compete effectively against current and new competitors as our industry continues to evolve. 

10 

Rapid technological changes may prevent us from remaining current
with our technological resources and maintaining competitive product and service offerings. 

The markets in which we and our customers operate
are characterized by rapid technological change. Significant technological changes could render our existing and potential new products,
systems and technology obsolete. Our future success will depend, in large part, upon our ability to: 

effectively identify and develop leading technologies; 

continue to develop our technical expertise; 

enhance our current products and systems with new, improved and competitive technology; and 

respond to technological changes in a cost-effective and timely manner. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully respond to technological
change or if we do not respond to it in a cost-effective and timely manner, then our business will be materially and adversely affected.
We cannot assure you that we will be successful in responding to changing technology. In addition, technologies developed by others may
render our products, systems and technology uncompetitive or obsolete. Even if we do successfully respond to technological advances, the
integration of new technology may require substantial time and expense, and we cannot assure you that we will succeed in adapting our
products, systems and technology in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

If we are unable to continue to develop new and enhanced products
and systems that achieve market acceptance in a timely manner, our competitive position and operating results could be harmed. 

Our future success will depend on our ability
to continue to develop new and enhanced ultrasonic nozzles and coating systems and related products that achieve market acceptance in
a timely and cost-effective manner. The markets in which we and our customers operate are characterized by frequent introductions of new
and enhanced products and services, evolving industry standards and regulatory requirements, government incentives and changes in customer
needs. The successful development and market acceptance of our products and systems, depends on a number of factors, including: 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global markets; 

the changing requirements and preferences of the potential customers in our markets; 

the accurate prediction of market requirements, including regulatory issues; 

the timely completion and introduction of new products and systems to avoid obsolescence; 

the quality, price and performance of new products and systems; 

the availability, quality, price and performance of competing products and systems; 

our customer service and support capabilities and responsiveness; 

the successful development of our relationships with existing and potential customers; and 

changes in industry standards. 
 
 We may experience financial or technical difficulties
or limitations that could prevent us from introducing new or enhanced products or systems. Furthermore, any of these new or enhanced products
and systems could contain problems that are discovered after they are introduced. We may need to significantly modify the design of these
products and systems to correct problems. Rapidly changing industry standards and customer preferences and requirements may impede market
acceptance of our products and systems. 

Development and enhancement of our products and
systems will require significant additional investment and could strain our management, financial and operational resources. The lack
of market acceptance of our products or systems or our inability to generate sufficient revenues from this development or enhancement
to offset their development costs could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we may experience delays or other
problems in releasing new products and systems and enhancements, and any such delays or problems may cause customers to forego purchases
of our products and systems and to purchase those of our competitors. 

11 

We cannot provide assurance that products and
systems that we have recently developed or that we develop in the future will achieve market acceptance. If our new products and systems
fail to achieve market acceptance, or if we fail to develop new or enhanced products and systems that achieve market acceptance, our growth
prospects, operating results and competitive position could be adversely affected. 

We manufacture and assemble all our products at one facility.
Any prolonged disruption in the operations of this facility would result in a decline in our sales and profitability. 

We manufacture and assemble our products and systems
at our production facility located in Milton, New York. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our manufacturing and assembly facility,
whether due to the COVID-19 pandemic, equipment or information technology infrastructure failure, labor difficulties, destruction of or
damage to this facility as a result of a hurricane, earthquake, fire, flood, other catastrophes, and other operational problems would
result in a decline in our sales and profitability. In the event of a business interruption at our facility, we may be unable to shift
manufacturing and assembly capabilities to alternate locations, accept materials from suppliers or meet customer shipment needs, among
other severe consequences. Such an event could have a material and adverse impact on our financial condition and results of our operations. 

Failure to obtain adequate supplies of components and raw materials
or failure to obtain components or raw materials at affordable prices could negatively affect our ability to supply products to our customers
and negatively affect our profit margins. 

We use a variety of components and raw materials
in the manufacture of our products. As other industries develop products utilizing similar components and raw materials that we use, we
may not be able to obtain adequate supplies of components and raw materials required for the manufacture of our existing and future products
that would prevent us from supplying products to our customers and materially affect our business. Furthermore, any increased demand for,
the raising of tariff rates on, or an increase of non-tariff trade barriers that apply to the components and raw materials that we use
could increase the price we must pay to obtain them and could adversely affect our profitability, which would have an adverse effect on
our financial results. 

 Recently, we have encountered challenges in our
supply of various materials and components, and electronic components in particular, due to well-documented shortages and constraints
in the global supply chain. Lead times for ordered components may vary significantly, and some components used to manufacture our products
are provided by a limited number of sources. We have experienced lengthened lead times throughout our supply chain as a result of supply
chain constraints and material shortages that have occurred in the recent months, and may continue through fiscal year 2024. 

We may rely on sub-contractors to meet current demand for our
products, and we may need to obtain additional manufacturing capacity in order to increase production of our existing products or to produce
our proposed new products, the failure of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We may not have sufficient internal manufacturing
capacity to meet the current demand for our products, and we may need to rely on subcontractors to enable us to meet this demand.
Since we may rely on our subcontractors for a significant amount of our production capacity, the loss of the services of our subcontractors
would have a material adverse effect on our business. Our plans for the growth of our business rely upon increasing sales of our existing
products and systems and developing and marketing new products. We may not have adequate internal manufacturing facilities to substantially
increase production of our products and obtaining additional manufacturing capacity in-house could require substantial capital expenditures.
We may not have the capital resources to obtain or construct new facilities to expand manufacturing capacity and meet increasing demand
for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Conversely, any significant decrease in demand for our
products could create idle plant capacity and an inability to cover fixed costs, which could adversely impact our results of operations
and financial condition. 

12 

We are exposed to risks related to our international sales,
and the failure to manage these risks could harm our business. 

In addition to our net sales to customers within the U.S. and Canada, we may become increasingly
dependent on net sales to customers outside the U.S. and Canada as we pursue expanding our business with customers worldwide. In the fiscal
years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022, our net sales outside of the U.S. and Canada accounted for approximately 55 and 68 , respectively,
of our total net sales. We continue to expect that a significant portion of our future revenues will be from international sales. As a
result, the occurrence of any international, political, economic, or geographic event could result in a significant decline in revenue.
There are significant risks associated with conducting operations internationally, requiring significant financial commitments to support
such operations. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include internal control and disclosure rules, data privacy
and filtering requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt
payments to governmental officials, and anti-competition regulations, among others. 

Violations of these laws and regulations could
result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business
and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international
expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Although we have implemented
policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors,
or agents will not violate our policies. 

Some of the risks and challenges of
conducting business internationally include: 

the impact of COVID-19 on the global markets; 

requirements or preferences for domestic products or solutions, which could reduce demand for our products; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

restrictions on the import or export of critical technology; 

management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural and geographic dispersion; 

the burden of complying with a variety of laws and regulations in various countries; 

difficulties in enforcing contracts; 

the uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 

application of the income tax laws and regulations of multiple jurisdictions, including relatively low-rate and relatively high-rate jurisdictions, to our sales and other transactions, which results in additional complexity and uncertainty; 

tariffs and trade barriers, export regulations and other regulatory and contractual limitations on our ability to sell products; 

failure to comply with both U.S. and foreign laws, including export and antitrust regulations, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and any trade regulations ensuring fair trade practices; 

heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, or irregularities in, financial statements; 

potentially adverse tax consequences, including multiple and possibly overlapping tax structures; 

general economic and geopolitical conditions, including war and acts of terrorism; 

lack of the availability of qualified third-party financing; and 

currency exchange controls. 

13 

While these factors and the impacts of these factors
are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in
the future. 

Any liability damages resulting from technical faults or failures
of our products could be substantial and could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our products are used by customers and integrated
into customers machines and systems, and therefore a malfunction or the inadequate design of our products could result in product
liability claims. Any liability for damages resulting from technical faults or failures could be substantial and could materially adversely
affect our business and results of operations. In addition, a well-publicized actual or perceived problem could adversely affect the market s
perception of our products, which would materially impact our financial condition and operating results. 

Inflationary Pressures and Rising Prices for Goods and Services. 

Inflation rose sharply beginning in late 2021
and continued rising through 2022 at levels not seen for over 40 years. Although the Federal Reserve has significantly increased interest
rates in response to rising inflation, inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2023. Small to medium-sized
businesses may be impacted more during periods of high inflation as they are not as able to leverage economics of scale to mitigate cost
pressures compared to larger businesses. Inflation has the potential to adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition
and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in
the prices we charge our customers. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest
rates and capital costs, shipping costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects.
As a result of inflation, we have experienced and may continue to experience, cost increases. Although we may take measures to mitigate
the impact of this inflation, if these measures are not effective our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity
could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing of when these
beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost inflation is incurred. 

We could become liable for damages resulting from our manufacturing
activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or cause us to cease operations. 

The nature of our manufacturing operations exposes
us to potential claims and liability for environmental damage, personal injury, loss of life and damage to, or destruction of, property.
Our manufacturing operations are subject to numerous laws and regulations that govern environmental protection and human health and safety.
These laws and regulations have changed frequently in the past and it is reasonable to expect additional and more stringent changes in
the future. Our manufacturing operations may not comply with future laws and regulations, and we may be required to make significant unanticipated
capital and operating expenditures to bring our operations within compliance with such evolving regulations. If we fail to comply with
applicable environmental laws and regulations, manufacturing guidelines, and workplace safety requirements, governmental authorities may
seek to impose fines and penalties on us or to revoke or deny the issuance or renewal of operating permits, and private parties may seek
damages from us. Under such circumstances, we could be required to curtail or cease operations, conduct site remediation or other corrective
action, or pay substantial damage claims for which may not have sufficient or any insurance coverage for claims. 

14 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control
over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, and current and potential stockholders may lose
confidence in our financial reporting. 

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
requires our management to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and to disclose in our filing if
such controls were unable to provide assurance that a material error would be prevented or detected in a timely manner. We have an ongoing
program to review the design of our internal controls framework in keeping with changes in business needs, implement necessary changes
to our controls design and test the system and process controls necessary to comply with these requirements. If in the future, our internal
controls over financial reporting are determined to be not effective resulting in a material weakness or significant deficiency, investor
perceptions regarding the reliability of our financial statements may be adversely affected which could cause a decline in the market
price of our stock and otherwise negatively affect our liquidity and financial condition. 

We may have risks associated with security of our information
technology systems. 

We make significant efforts to maintain the security
and integrity of our information technology systems and data. Despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such systems,
it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. There is a risk of industrial espionage, cyber-attacks, misuse or theft
of information or assets, or damage to assets by people who may gain unauthorized access to our facilities, systems, or information. Such
cybersecurity breaches, misuse, or other disruptions could lead to the disclosure of confidential information; improper usage and distribution
of our intellectual property; theft, manipulation, and destruction of private and proprietary data; and production downtimes. Although
we actively employ measures to prevent unauthorized access to our information systems, preventing unauthorized use or infringement of
our rights is inherently difficult. These events could adversely affect our financial results and any legal action in connection with
any such cybersecurity breach could be costly and time-consuming and may divert management s attention and adversely affect the
market s perception of us and our products. In addition, we must frequently expand our internal information system to meet increasing
demand in storage, computing and communication, which may result in increased costs. Our internal information system is expensive to expand
and must be highly secure due to the sensitive nature of our customers information that we transmit. Building and managing the
support necessary for our growth places significant demands on our management and resources. These demands may divert such resources from
the continued growth of our business and implementation of our business strategy. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

Future equity financings and issuances of shares under equity
compensation plans would dilute your ownership and could adversely affect your common stock ownership rights in comparison with those
of other security holders. 

Our board of directors has the power to issue
additional shares of common without stockholder approval. Additional shares are subject to issuance through various equity compensation
plans or through the exercise of currently outstanding equity awards. Our stockholders do not have preemptive rights to any common stock
issued by us in the future; therefore, stockholders may experience additional dilution of their equity investment if we issue additional
shares of common stock in the future, including shares issuable under equity incentive plans, or if we issue securities that are convertible
into shares of our common stock. 

15 

If additional funds are raised through the issuance
of equity securities, the percentage of ownership of our existing stockholders will be reduced, and such newly issued securities may have
rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If we issue additional common stock or securities convertible
into common stock, such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of each other stockholder. In addition, such
stock issuances might result in a reduction of the market value of our common stock, which could make our stock unattractive to existing
stockholders. 

Provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws could
discourage changes in the composition of our board of directors which could hinder an acquisition of us by a third party, even if the
acquisition would be favorable to you, thereby adversely affecting existing stockholders. 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws contain
provisions that may have the effect of making more difficult or delaying attempts by others to obtain control of our board of directors
and our Company, even when these attempts may be in the best interests of stockholders. For example, our articles of incorporation and
bylaws provide for a classified board of directors which could delay or prevent changes in our control or management, including transactions
in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then-current market prices. These provisions may also limit
the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. 

There is limited trading volume of our common stock, which could
make it difficult for you to liquidate an investment in our common stock in a timely manner. 

Since August 27, 2021, our common stock has been traded
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SOTK. Because there is limited volume in our common stock, investors may not be able to
liquidate their investments when they desire to do so. 

In addition, if we fail to meet the criteria set
forth in SEC and Nasdaq Capital Market rules and regulations, various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell
our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter broker-dealers
from recommending or selling our common stock, which may further affect its liquidity. 

If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about
our business or if they downgrade us or our sector, the price of our common stock could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will depend
in part on research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. Furthermore, if one or more of the
analysts who cover us downgrades us, the industry in which we operate, or the stock of any of our competitors, the price of our common
stock may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage altogether, we could lose visibility, which could also lead to a decline
in the price of our common stock. 

Our operating results can fluctuate significantly from period
to period, which makes our operating results difficult to predict and can cause our operating results, in any particular period, to be
less than comparable periods and expectations from time to time. 

Our operating results have fluctuated significantly
from quarter-to-quarter, period-to-period and year-to-year during our operating history and are likely to continue to fluctuate in the
future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. Certain factors that may affect our operating results include,
without limitation, those set forth under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 Critical Accounting Policies in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

16 

Because we have little or no control over many
of these factors, our operating results are difficult to predict. Any adverse change in any of these factors could negatively affect our
business and results of operations. 

Our revenues, net income and other operating results
are heavily dependent upon the size and timing of customer orders and projects, and the timing of the completion of those projects. The
timing of our receipt of large individual orders, and of project completion, is difficult for us to predict. Because our operating expenses
are based on anticipated revenues over the mid and long-term and because a high percentage of our operating expenses are relatively fixed,
a shortfall or delay in recognizing revenues can cause our operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and can result
in significant operating losses or declines in profit margins in any particular quarter. If our revenues fall below our expectations in
any particular quarter, we may not be able, or it may not be prudent for us, to reduce our expenses rapidly in response to the revenue
shortfall, which can result in us suffering significant operating losses or declines in profit margins in that quarter. 

Due to these factors and the other risks discussed
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should not rely on quarter-to-quarter, period-to-period or year-to-year comparisons of our results
of operations as an indication of our future performance. Quarterly, period and annual comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily
meaningful or indicative of future performance. As a result, it is likely that, from time to time, our results of operations or our revenue
backlog could fall below historical levels or the expectations of public market analysts and investors, which could cause the trading
price of our common stock to decline significantly. 

The market price of our common stock has been and may continue
to be volatile. 

The market price of our common stock has been
volatile and fluctuates widely in response to various factors that are beyond our control. The price of our common stock is not necessarily
indicative of our operating performance or long-term business prospects. In addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced
significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations
may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Factors such as the following could cause the market price
of our common stock to fluctuate substantially: 

the underlying price of the commodities, materials, equipment that affect our key markets; 

announcements of capital budget changes by major customers; 

the introduction of new products by our competitors; 

announcements of technology advances by us or our competitors; 

current events affecting the political and economic environment in the United States, Europe or Asia; 

conditions or industry trends, including demand for our products, services and technological advances; 

changes to financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; 

additions or departures of our key personnel; 

seasonal, economic, or financial conditions; 

our quarterly operating and financial results; or 

litigation or public concern about the safety of our products; 

the impact of inflation; 

war in Ukraine; or 

the effect of COVID-19. 

17 

The realization of any of these risks and other
factors beyond our control could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly. The stock market in general experiences,
from time to time, extreme price and volume fluctuations. Periodic and/or continuous market fluctuations could result in extreme volatility
in the price of our common stock, which could cause a decline in the value of our common stock. Price volatility may be worse if the trading
volume of our common stock is low. 

Future sales of our common stock, or the perception that future
sales may occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

If any significant number of our outstanding shares
are sold, such sales could have a depressive effect on the market price of our stock. We are unable to predict the effect, if any, that
the sale of shares, or the availability of shares for future sale, will have on the market price of the shares prevailing from time to
time. Sales of substantial numbers of shares in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress prevailing
market prices for the shares. Such sales may also make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities or equity-related securities
in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. 

The Company is considered a smaller
reporting company and is exempt from certain disclosure requirements, which could make our common stock less
attractive to potential investors. 

Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act defines a smaller reporting company as an issuer that is not an investment company, an asset-backed
issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent, that is not a smaller reporting company, and that had a public float of less than
 250 million as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, computed by multiplying the aggregate worldwide
number of shares of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates by the price at which the common equity was last sold,
or the average of the bid and asked prices of common equity, in the principal market for the common equity. 

As a smaller reporting company, 
we are subject to reduced disclosure requirements that are less comprehensive than applicable to issuers that are not smaller reporting
companies, which could make our stock less attractive to potential investors and could make it more difficult for shareholders
to sell their shares. 

We have no current plan to pay dividends on our common stock,
and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment. 

We have no current plans to pay dividends
on our common stock; therefore, investors will not receive any funds absent a sale of their shares. We cannot assure investors of a positive
return on their investment when they sell their shares, nor can we assure that investors will not lose the entire amount of their investment. 

GENERAL RISK FACTORS 

We will continue to incur significant costs as a result of operating
as a public company, and our management may be required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives that ultimately could have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

As a public company, we expect to continue to
incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented
by the SEC, have imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure
and financial controls as well as mandating certain corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will continue to
devote a substantial amount of time and financial resources to these compliance initiatives. 

18 

As a smaller reporting company we
are able to take advantage of certain exceptions to disclosure requirements, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and the exemption from providing a Compensation Discussion
and Analysis section in our proxy statements; providing only three years of business information; and other scaled 
disclosure requirements that are less comprehensive than issuers that are not smaller reporting companies. 

If we fail to staff our accounting and finance
function adequately or maintain internal control systems adequate to meet the demands that are placed upon us as a public company, we
may be unable to report our financial results accurately or in a timely manner and our business and stock price may suffer. The costs
of being a public company, as well as diversion of management s time and attention, may have a material adverse effect on our future
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP could adversely affect our financial results and may require significant changes to our internal accounting systems and processes. 

We prepare our consolidated financial statements
in conformity with GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ),
the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles and guidance. The FASB periodically issues
new accounting standards on a variety of topics. For information regarding new accounting standards, please refer to Note 1 and 2,
 Business Description and Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II,
Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These and other such
standards generally result in different accounting principles, which may significantly impact our reported results or could result in
variability of our financial results. 

In preparing our financial statements we make certain assumptions,
judgments and estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements, which, if not accurate, may significantly
impact our financial results. 

We make assumptions, judgments and estimates for
a number of items, including the fair value of financial instruments, long-lived assets and other intangible assets; the realizability
of deferred tax assets; the recognition of revenue and the fair value of stock option awards; and others. We also make assumptions, judgments
and estimates in determining the accruals for revenue recognition, product warranties, employee-related liabilities, including commissions
and variable compensation, and in determining the allowance or provisions for uncertain tax positions, doubtful accounts, excess or obsolete
inventory, and legal contingencies. These assumptions, judgments and estimates are drawn from historical experience and various other
factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. Actual results
could differ materially from our estimates, and such differences could significantly impact our financial results. 

Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions
of activist shareholders, and such activism could impact the trading value of our securities. 

In recent years, shareholder activists have become
involved in numerous public companies. Shareholder activists frequently propose to involve themselves in the governance, strategic direction
and operations of the Company. Such proposals may disrupt our business and divert the attention of our Board of Directors, management
and employees, and any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction resulting from such a situation could result in the loss of
potential business opportunities, interfere with our ability to execute our strategic plan, be exploited by our competitors, cause concern
to our current or potential customers, and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, all
of which could adversely affect our business. A proxy contest for the election of directors at our annual meeting could also require us
to incur significant legal fees and proxy solicitation expenses. In addition, actions of activist shareholders may cause significant fluctuations
in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying
fundamentals and prospects of our business. 

19 

Major bank failure or sustained
financial market illiquidity, or illiquidity at our clearing, cash management and custodial financial institutions, could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We face certain risks
in the event of a sustained deterioration of financial market liquidity, as well as in the event of sustained deterioration in the liquidity,
or failure, of our clearing, cash management and custodial financial institutions. In particular: 

We may be unable to access funds in our investment
portfolio, deposit accounts and clearing accounts on a timely basis to settle our payments or to make money transfers. Any resulting need
to access other sources of liquidity or short-term borrowing would increase our costs. Any delay or inability to settle our payments or
to make money transfers could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In the event of a major bank failure, we could
face major risks to the recovery of our bank deposits used for the purpose of settling our payments and to the recovery of a significant
portion of our investment portfolio. A substantial portion of our cash, cash equivalents and interest-bearing deposits are either held
at financial institutions that are not subject to insurance protection against loss or exceed the deposit insurance limit. 

We may be unable to borrow from financial institutions
or institutional investors on favorable terms, which could adversely impact our ability to pursue our growth strategy and fund key strategic
initiatives. 

If financial liquidity deteriorates, there can
be no assurance we will not experience an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access capital and on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS - None. 

ITEM 2 
 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES 

We own an industrial park located in Milton, New York. The industrial
park consists of approximately 50,000 square feet of office and warehouse space. Our offices, product development, manufacturing and assembly
facilities are located in the industrial park. We presently utilize 37,000 square feet or 74 of the park for our operations. We believe
our facilities will be adequate for the foreseeable future and the ownership of the industrial park provides us opportunity to expand
as we grow. 

Approximately 13,000 square feet of the park is leased or available
for lease to unrelated third parties at any given time. 

ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None 

ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable 

20 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock currently trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

As of May 18, 2023, there were 97 record holders of our common stock
and approximately 1,519 beneficial shareholders of our Common Stock. 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock since inception.
We intend to retain earnings, if any, for use in our business and for other corporate purposes. 

ITEM 6 
 RESERVED 

ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

We discuss expectations regarding our future performance, such as
our business outlook, in our annual and quarterly reports, news releases, and other written and oral statements. These forward-looking
statements are based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data and our operating plans. They are inherently
uncertain, and investors must recognize that events could turn out to be significantly different from our expectations and could cause
actual results to differ materially. These factors include, among other considerations, general economic and business conditions; political,
regulatory, tax, competitive and technological developments affecting our operations or the demand for our products; inflationary and
supply chain pressures; the continued abatement of the COVID-19 pandemic; the extent and duration of the pandemic s adverse effect
on economic and social activity, consumer confidence, discretionary spending and preferences, labor and healthcare costs, and unemployment
rates, any of which may reduce demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their
obligations to us; our ability to sell and provide our services and products, including as a result of continued pandemic related travel
restrictions, mandatory business closures, and stay-at home or similar orders; any temporary reduction in our workforce, closures of our
offices and facilities and our ability to adequately staff and maintain our operations resulting from the pandemic; the ability of our
customers and suppliers to continue their operations as result of the pandemic, which could result in terminations of contracts, losses
of revenue; the recovery of the Electronics/Microelectronics and Medical markets following COVID-19 related slowdowns; and further adverse
effects to our supply chain; maintenance of increased order backlog, including effects of any COVID-19 related cancellations; the imposition
of tariffs; timely development and market acceptance of new products and continued customer validation of our coating technologies; adequacy
of financing; capacity additions, the ability to enforce patents; maintenance of operating leverage; maintenance of increased order backlog;
consummation of order proposals; completion of large orders on schedule and on budget; continued sales growth in the medical and alternative
energy markets; successful transition from primarily selling ultrasonic nozzles and components to a more complex business providing complete
machine solutions and higher value subsystems; and realization of quarterly and annual revenues within the forecasted range of sales guidance. 

We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 

21 

Highlights 

Highlights for fiscal 2023 include: 

Net sales for fiscal 2023 decreased 12 from
 17.1 million to 15.1 million, due to supply chain challenges which delayed the receipt of necessary parts to complete several customer
shipments. Our customized complex coating systems, which typically require longer than average delivery lead times, were especially impacted
by these remaining supply chain issues. 

Gross profit margin for fiscal 2023 increased
to 50.8 compared to 50.3 in fiscal 2022. 

Operating income for fiscal 2023 decreased 64 
to 683,000 compared to 1.9 million in fiscal 2022, due to the current period s decrease in net sales combined with an increase
in operating expenses. 
 Backlog at February 28, 2023
reached a historical high of 8.5 million compared to the backlog at February 28, 2022 of 5.3 million, an increase of 60 . The large increase in backlog resulted
from the receipt of several large, complex system orders with longer than typical build delivery time frames and higher than average selling prices from the clean
energy sector during the year and from ongoing supply chain issues which slowed the rate at which we completed our backlog of orders. 
 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities increased to 11.4 million on February
28, 2023 from 10.7 million on February 28, 2022. 

Market and Geographic Diversity 

We have invested significant resources to enhance our market diversity.
By leveraging our core ultrasonic coating technology, we ve expanded our portfolio of products, the industries we serve, and the
countries in which we sell our products. 

Today, we serve five industries: microelectronics/electronics, medical,
alternative energy, industrial markets, and emerging research and development and other. 

We are a geographically diverse company with a presence either directly
or through distributors and trade representatives in the United States and Canada, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa), APAC (Asia Pacific)
and Latin America (including Mexico). In fiscal 2023, approximately 55 of sales originated outside of the United States and Canada. 

We have an established infrastructure of application process development
laboratories located at our distributor sites in Japan, China, Germany, Taiwan, Korea and our home office in New York, USA. These laboratories
are equipped with Sono-Tek systems and technical personnel to conduct customer demonstrations and process development for new coating
applications that our customers bring to us. Our engineering, service and sales teams all continue to grow as we expand our addressable
markets and enhance our product line to include larger more sophisticated machinery and systems with increased capabilities. 

We believe that the new products we have introduced, the new markets
we have penetrated, and the expanded regions in which we now sell our products, are a strong foundation for our future sales growth and
enhanced profitability. 

22 

Results of Operations 

Sales and Gross Profit: 

Fiscal Year Ended 

February 28, 
 February 28, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

Net Sales 
 15,058,000 
 17,133,000 
 (2,075,000 
 (12 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 7,406,000 
 8,520,000 
 (1,114,000 
 (13 
 
 Gross Profit 
 7,652,000 
 8,613,000 
 (961,000 
 (11 

Gross Profit 
 50.8 
 50.3 

Gross profit decreased 961,000, or 11 to 7,652,000 for fiscal 2023
compared with 8,613,000 in fiscal 2022. Gross profit margin increased to 50.8 for fiscal 2023, compared to 50.3 for fiscal 2022. The
improvement in the gross profit margin is due to a sales product mix with higher sales margins combined with lower than expected warranty
and installation costs. 

In fiscal 2023, our sales included approximately 2,120,000 for orders
that were delivered to two customers. 

Product Sales: 

Twelve Months Ended 

February 28, 
 of 
 February 28, 
 of 
 Change 

2023 
 Total 
 2022 
 total 

Fluxing Systems 
 1,179,000 
 8 
 691,000 
 4 
 488,000 
 71 
 
 Integrated Coating Systems 
 1,114,000 
 7 
 1,182,000 
 7 
 (68,000 
 (6 
 
 Multi-Axis Coating Systems 
 6,785,000 
 45 
 9,912,000 
 58 
 (3,127,000 
 (32 
 
 OEM Systems 
 2,144,000 
 14 
 2,381,000 
 14 
 (237,000 
 (10 
 
 Other 
 3,836,000 
 26 
 2,967,000 
 17 
 869,000 
 29 
 
 TOTAL 
 15,058,000 
 
 17,133,000 
 
 (2,075,000 
 (12 

Sales of Multi-Axis coating systems recorded a 32 decrease due
to lingering supply chain challenges, resulting in several large system orders being pushed from planned fiscal 2023 shipments into
planned fiscal 2024 shipments, and are included in our year end fiscal 2023 backlog. Fluxing Systems sales showed an increase of
71 , due to the continued adoption of a newly released spray fluxing platform, SonoFlux X2, which continues to be implemented with
several large printed circuit board contract manufacturers. Sales of the Other product basket increased by 29 , or
 869,000, in large part due to increased sales of high value spare parts packages to support our high ASP multi-axis machines
already in the field. 

Market Sales: 

Twelve Months Ended 

February 28, 
 of 
 February 28, 
 of 
 Change 

2023 
 Total 
 2022 
 total 

Electronics/Microelectronics 
 5,509,000 
 37 
 7,134,000 
 42 
 (1,625,000 
 (23 
 
 Medical 
 3,702,000 
 25 
 4,338,000 
 25 
 (636,000 
 (15 
 
 Alternative Energy 
 3,060,000 
 20 
 3,688,000 
 22 
 (628,000 
 (17 
 
 Emerging R D and Other 
 347,000 
 2 
 918,000 
 5 
 (571,000 
 (62 
 
 Industrial 
 2,440,000 
 16 
 1,055,000 
 6 
 1,385,000 
 131 
 
 TOTAL 
 15,058,000 
 
 17,133,000 
 
 (2,075,000 
 (12 

Sales to the Alternative Energy, Electronics, and Medical markets decreased by 17 , 23 
and 15 respectively. Large portions of all these markets use our multi-axis systems which experienced delayed deliveries due to supply
chain challenges, and moving several planned fiscal 2023 orders into fiscal 2024. The industrial market grew by 131 due to a large multi-system
order valued at 1,540,000, 1,080,000 of this order was shipped in fiscal 2023 and the remaining 460,000 of the order shipped after the completion of fiscal 2023. 

23 

Geographic Sales: 

Twelve Months Ended 

February 28, 
 February 28, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

U.S. Canada 
 6,804,000 
 5,480,000 
 1,324,000 
 24 
 
 Asia Pacific (APAC) 
 3,260,000 
 5,301,000 
 (2,041,000 
 (39 
 
 Europe, Middle East, Asia (EMEA) 
 3,448,000 
 5,255,000 
 (1,807,000 
 (34 
 
 Latin America 
 1,546,000 
 1,097,000 
 449,000 
 41 
 
 TOTAL 
 15,058,000 
 17,133,000 
 (2,075,000 
 (12 

In fiscal 2023, approximately 45 of our sales were to US and Canadian customers. This
is compared to 32 in fiscal 2022. The increased sales to the US and Canada were positively impacted by several US Government initiatives
to invest in the green energy sector and advanced research markets. APAC revenue decreased by 39 in fiscal 2023, impacted by reduced
sales in China due to several China-based manufacturing sites moving operations back to the US and Mexico. Also, the currently strong
US Dollar has made Sono-Tek products more expensive in Japan and South Korea, resulting in several delayed purchases. 

Operating Expenses: 

Twelve
 Months Ended 

February 28, 

February 28, 

Change 

2023 

2022 

Research and product development 

2,149,000 

1,730,000 

419,000 

24 

Marketing and selling 

3,170,000 

3,367,000 

(197,000) 

(6) 
 
 General and administrative 

1,650,000 

1,626,000 

24,000 

2 

Total Operating Expenses 

6,969,000 

6,723,000 

246,000 

4 

Research and Product Development: 

 Research and product development costs increased 419,000 to 2,149,000
for fiscal 2023 due to increased salaries and related costs and an increase in research and development materials and supplies as we continue
the development of new products for new and existing markets. 

Marketing and Selling: 

 Marketing and selling costs decreased 197,000 to 3,170,000 for fiscal 2023 primarily
due to a decrease in commission expense. This decrease was partially offset by increased travel and trade show expenses. 

During fiscal 2023, we expended approximately 623,000 for commissions
as compared with 974,000 for the prior fiscal year, a decrease of 351,000. The decrease in commission expense is due to a decrease in
international sales being generated by our external distributors, which are commissioned at a higher rate than our in-house sales team. 

During fiscal 2023, we expended approximately 398,000 for travel
and trade show expenses compared with 205,000 for the prior fiscal year, an increase of 193,000. The increased travel and trade show
expenses are a result of the global lifting of COVID-19 restrictions. 

General and Administrative: 

 General and Administrative costs increased 24,000 to 1,650,000 for
fiscal 2023 due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense. This increase was partially offset by decreases in corporate expenses
and bad debt expense. 

In fiscal 2023 stock-based compensation expense increased 78,000
to 257,000 compared with 179,000 in fiscal 2022. The increase in stock-based compensation expense in fiscal 2023 is due to option awards
that were issued in the prior fiscal year. Option awards are expensed over three years based on vesting terms. 

24 

Operating Income: 

 Our operating income decreased 1,206,000 or 64 , to 683,000 in fiscal
2023 compared with 1,889,000 for the prior fiscal year due to the current period s decrease in gross profit. Operating margin for
fiscal 2023 decreased to 5 compared with 11 in the prior fiscal year. As a percentage of net sales, operating expenses increased 700
basis points to 46 in fiscal 2023 compared with 39 in fiscal 2022. 

Interest and Dividend Income: 

 Interest and dividend income increased 131,000 to 140,000 for fiscal
2023 as compared with 9,000 for the prior fiscal year. The increase in interest and dividend income is due to the reallocation of our
investments into US Treasury securities and certificates of deposit combined with the increase in current interest rates. Our present
investment policy is to invest excess cash in highly liquid, low risk US Treasury securities and certificates of deposit. At February
28, 2023, the majority of our holdings are rated at or above investment grade. 

Income Tax Expense: 

 We recorded income tax expense of 154,000 for fiscal 2023 compared
with 362,000 for the prior fiscal year. The decrease in income tax expense in fiscal 2023 is due to the current period s decrease
in operating profit. 

Net Income: 

 Net income decreased by 1,907,000 or 75 , to 636,000 for fiscal
2023 compared with 2,543,000 for the prior fiscal year. The decrease in net income in fiscal 2023 is a result of a decrease in operating
income and income tax expense combined with the PPP Loan forgiveness recorded in the prior year. 

Impact of COVID-19 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and related government actions,
we began implementing changes in our business in March 2020 to protect our employees and customers. These changes include adjusting our
policies on social distancing, flexing our workforce hours, enhanced cleaning and sanitary procedures, limiting travel when appropriate,
and restricting access of non-employees to our facility when necessary. These policies continue to be modified and adjusted dependent
upon government regulations and CDC guidelines. 

While these measures are necessary and appropriate, they may result
in additional costs and may adversely impact our business and financial performance. As our response to the pandemic evolves, we may incur
additional costs and will potentially experience adverse impacts to our business, each of which may be significant. In addition, an extended
period of remote work arrangements could impair our ability to effectively manage our business, and introduce additional operational risks,
including, but not limited to, cybersecurity risks and increased vulnerability to security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses,
ransomware, or other similar events and intrusions. We may experience, decreases in demand and customer orders for our products
in all sales channels, as well as temporary disruptions and closures of our facilities due to decreased demand and government mandates. 

COVID-19 has also impacted various aspects of the supply chain as
our suppliers experience similar business disruptions due to operating restrictions from government mandates. We continue to monitor procurement
of raw materials and components used in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products, but continued disruptions in the supply
chain due to COVID-19 may cause difficulty in sourcing materials or unexpected shortages or delays in delivery of raw materials and components,
and may result in increased costs in our supply chain. 

We have implemented plans to reduce spending in certain areas of our
business, including reductions or delays in capital expenditures, reduced trade show participation costs, reduced travel expenditures
and may need to take additional actions to reduce spending in the future. 

25 

We are closely monitoring and assessing the impact of the pandemic
on our business. The extent of the impact on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and financial performance, as well as our
ability to execute near- and long-term business strategies and initiatives, will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be reasonably predicted. 

Given the inherent uncertainty surrounding COVID-19, the pandemic
may continue to have an adverse impact on our business in the near term. Should these conditions persist for a prolonged period, the COVID-19
pandemic, including any of the above factors and others that are currently unknown, may have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and financial condition. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Working Capital Our working capital increased
 335,000 to 11,117,000 at February 28, 2023 from 10,782,000 at February 28, 2022. The increase in working capital was primarily the
result of the current period s net income and non-cash charges partially offset by purchases of equipment. 

We aggregate cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities in
managing our balance sheet and liquidity. For purposes of the following analysis, the total is referred to as Cash. At February
28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, our working capital included: 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 Cash Increase 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 3,355,000 
 4,841,000 
 (1,486,000 
 
 Marketable securities 
 8,090,000 
 5,868,000 
 2,222,000 
 
 Total 
 11,445,000 
 10,709,000 
 736,000 

The following table summarizes the accounts and the major reasons
for the 736,000 increase in Cash : 

Impact on Cash 

Reason 
 
 Net income, adjusted for non-cash items 

853,000 

To reconcile increase in cash. 
 
 Accounts receivable increase 

(497,000) 
 
 Increase primarily due to shipments in the last month of the fiscal year. 
 
 Inventories increase 

(875,000) 
 
 Additional inventory purchases and increase in work in process due to supply chain delays in receipt of required components. 
 
 Customer deposits increase 

1,670,000 

Received for new orders. 
 
 Accounts payable 

126,000 

Timing of disbursements. 
 
 Accrued expenses 

(376,000) 
 
 Timing of disbursements. 
 
 Prepaid and Other Assets decrease 

69,000 

Decreased prepaid expenses. 
 
 Income taxes payable increase 

322,000 

Timing of disbursements. 
 
 Equipment purchases 

(556,000) 
 
 Equipment and facilities upgrade. 
 
 Net increase in cash 

736,000 

Stockholders Equity Stockholders 
equity increased 893,000 from 13,741,000 at February 28, 2022 to 14,634,000 at February 28, 2023. The increase was a result of the
current year s net income of 636,000 and 257,000 in additional equity related to stock-based compensation awards. The details
of stock-based compensation are explained in Note 4 in our financial statements. 

Operating Activities We generated 1,325,000
of cash in our operating activities in fiscal 2023 compared with generating 2,319,000 in fiscal 2022. The decrease in cash generated
by operating activities was the result of increases in accounts receivable and inventories, a decrease in accrued expenses combined with
the current period s decrease in net income. These uses of cash were partially offset by increases in customer deposits, income
taxes payable, an increase in accounts payable and a decrease in prepaid expenses. 

26 

Investing Activities In fiscal 2023, we used
 2,811,000 in our investing activities compared with using 1,631,000 of cash in fiscal 2022. Capital spending in fiscal 2023 was
 556,000 for the purchase or manufacture of equipment, furnishings and leasehold improvements and patent costs. This compares with 327,000
for the purchase of equipment and furnishings in fiscal 2022. 

In fiscal 2023, we used 2,255,000 of cash compared with using 1,304,000
for the purchase of marketable securities in fiscal 2022. 

Financing Activities In fiscal years 2023 and
2022, we received 0 and 69,000 from the exercise of stock options. 

Bank Credit Facilities: 

 We currently have a revolving credit line of 1,500,000 and a 750,000
equipment purchase facility, both of which are with a bank. The revolving credit line is collateralized by the Company s accounts
receivable and inventory. The revolving line of credit is payable on demand and must be retired for a 30-day period, once annually. As
of February 28, 2023, there were no outstanding borrowings under the line of credit. 

As of February 28, 2023, 145,000 of the Company s credit line
was being utilized to collateralize letters of credit issued to customers that have remitted cash deposits to the Company on existing
orders. The unused portion of the credit line was 1,355,000 as of February 28, 2023. The letters of credit expire in fiscal year 2024. 

Paycheck Protection Program Loan Forgiveness: 

During fiscal 2021, we entered into a loan transaction pursuant to
which we received proceeds of 1,001,640 (the PPP Loan under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The PPP,
established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), provides for loans to qualifying
companies and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA ). 

The Company applied for forgiveness of the PPP Loan in December 2020.
On April 1, 2021, the Company received notice from the Bank that the Bank had received confirmation from the SBA that the application
for forgiveness of the PPP Loan had been approved. The loan forgiveness request in the amount of 1,001,640 was applied to the Company s
entire outstanding PPP Loan balance with the Bank. 

During fiscal 2022, the Company recorded a gain on the forgiveness
of the PPP Loan and accrued interest in the amount of 1,005,372. The gain on the forgiveness of the PPP Loan is a non-taxable event. 

Off - Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any Off - Balance Sheet Arrangements as of February
28, 2023. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition
and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
disclosure on contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions and conditions. 

27 

Critical accounting policies are defined as those that are reflective
of significant judgments and uncertainties and may potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and
conditions. As of February 28, 2023, management believes that there are no critical accounting policies applicable to the Company that
are reflective of significant judgments and or uncertainties. 

Accounting for Income Taxes 

 The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability
method. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences by applying
enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis
of existing assets and liabilities. If it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized,
a valuation allowance is recognized. We use a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for financial statement recognition and
measurement tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more
likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. As of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, there were no uncertain
tax provisions. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

 The computation of the expense associated with stock-based compensation
requires the use of a valuation model. ASC 718 is a complex accounting standard, the application of which requires significant judgment
and the use of estimates, particularly surrounding Black-Scholes assumptions such as stock price volatility, expected option lives, and
expected option forfeiture rates, to value equity-based compensation. The Company currently uses a Black-Scholes option pricing model
to calculate the fair value of its stock options. The Company primarily uses historical data to determine the assumptions to be used in
the Black-Scholes model and has no reason to believe that future data is likely to differ materially from historical data. However, changes
in the assumptions to reflect future stock price volatility and future stock award exercise experience could result in a change in the
assumptions used to value awards in the future and may result in a material change to the fair value calculation of stock-based awards.
ASC 718 requires the recognition of the fair value of stock compensation in net income. 

Revenue Recognition 

 The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, the core principle of which is that an entity
should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. 

Impact of New Accounting Pronouncements 

Accounting pronouncements issued but not yet effective have been
deemed to be not applicable or the adoption of such accounting pronouncements is not expected to have a material impact on the financial
statements of the Company. 

ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not Required for Smaller Reporting Companies. 

ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our financial statements are presented on pages 43 to 60 of this Report. 

ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. 

28 

ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act )) as of the end of the period covered
by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date, at a reasonable level of assurance, in ensuring that the
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Act is (i) accumulated and communicated to our management
(including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) in a timely manner, and (ii) recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our Chairman CEO (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal
accounting officer), we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our
evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of and for the year ended February
28, 2023. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION - None. 

ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not Applicable. 

29 

PART III 

ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification of Directors 

Name 
 Age 
 Position with the Company 

Christopher L. Coccio, Ph.D. 
 82 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 R. Stephen Harshbarger 
 55 
 President and Director 
 
 Eric Haskell, CPA 
 76 
 Director 
 
 Donald F. Mowbray, Ph.D. 
 85 
 Director 
 
 Carol O Donnell 
 66 
 Director 
 
 Joseph Riemer, Ph.D. 
 74 
 Director 
 
 Philip A. Strasburg, CPA 
 84 
 Director 

Member of the Audit Committee. 

The Board of Directors is divided into two classes. The directors
in each class serve for a term of two years. The terms of the classes are staggered so that only one class of directors is elected at
each annual meeting of the Company. The terms of Drs. Coccio and Riemer and Messrs. Strasburg and Harshbarger run until the annual meeting
to be held in 2023. The terms of Dr. Mowbray, Mr. Haskell and Ms. O Donnell run until the annual meeting to be held in 2024, and
in each case until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified. 

Audit Committee 

The Company has a separate designated standing Audit Committee established
and administered in accordance with SEC rules. The three members of the Audit Committee are Philip A. Strasburg, CPA (who serves as Chairman
of the Audit Committee), Carol O Donnell and Eric Haskell, CPA. The Board of Directors has determined that each member of the Audit
Committee meets the independence criteria prescribed by NASDAQ governing the qualifications for audit committee members and each Audit
Committee member meets NASDAQ s financial knowledge requirements. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Strasburg qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

The Audit Committee is responsible for (i) selecting an independent
public accountant for ratification by the stockholders, (ii) reviewing material accounting items affecting the consolidated financial
statements of the Company, and (iii) reporting its findings to the Board of Directors. 

Compensation Committee 

The Company s executive compensation is administered by the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The members of the Compensation Committee are Drs. Mowbray and Riemer and Mr. Strasburg,
all of whom have been determined by the Board to be independent in accordance with NASDAQ s requirement for independent director
oversight of executive officer compensation. 

Nominating Committee 

There have been no changes to the procedures by which shareholders
may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. 

30 

Identification of Executive Officers 

Name 
 Age 
 Position with the Company 

Stephen J. Bagley, CPA 
 60 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Christopher C. Cichetti 
 41 
 Vice President Sales and Application Engineering 
 
 Christopher L. Coccio, Ph.D. 
 82 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and a Director 
 
 Robb W. Engle 
 52 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 R. Stephen Harshbarger 
 55 
 President and Director 
 
 Maria T. Kuha 
 46 
 Vice President Manufacturing Operations 

The foregoing officers are appointed for terms of one year or until
their successors are duly elected and qualified or until terminated by action of the Board of Directors. There are no arrangements or
understandings between any executive officer and any other persons pursuant to which he was or is to be selected as an officer. 

Business Experience 

STEPHEN J. BAGLEY, CPA was appointed Chief Financial Officer in June
2005. From 1987 to 1991 he worked in public accounting in various capacities. From 1992 to 2005, he held various leadership positions
as Controller, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance for companies with up to 45,000,000 in revenues. Mr. Bagley earned
a Bachelor of Science degree from The State University of NY at Oneonta and an MBA from Marist College. He was licensed as a CPA in 1990.
Mr. Bagley served on the OTCQX US Advisory Council from 2019 to 2020. Mr. Bagley is a past President of the Board of Education for the
New Paltz Central School District and a past Chairman of the Audit and Finance Committee for the District. 

CHRISTOPHER C. CICHETTI was appointed Vice President Sales
and Application Engineering in August 2022. Mr. Cichetti joined Sono-Tek in 2005 as an Electrical Engineer and has served as Application
Engineer, Senior Application Engineer, Application Engineering Manager, and Vice President of Application Engineering. Mr. Cichetti has
experience in lab testing, process development, project management, and has successfully implemented several successful OEM relationships
with outside vendors. He is a graduate of Worcester Polytechnic Institute with a major in Computer and Electrical Engineering and a minor
in International Studies. 

DR. CHRISTOPHER L. COCCIO was appointed President and Chief Executive
Officer of Sono-Tek on April 30, 2001, has been a Director of the Company since June 1998, and was appointed Chairman in August 2007.
From 1964 to 1996, he held various engineering, sales, marketing and management positions at General Electric Company, with P L responsibilities
for up to 100 million in sales and 500 people throughout the United States. He also won an ASME Congressional Fellowship and served with
the Senate Energy Committee in 1976. His business experience includes both domestic and international markets and customers. He founded
a management consulting business in 1996, and was appointed a legislative Fellow on the New York State Assembly s Legislative Commission
on Science and Technology from 1996 to 1998. From 1998 to 2001, he worked with Accumetrics Associates, Inc., a manufacturer of digital
wireless telemetry systems, as Vice President of Business Development and member of the Board of Advisors. Dr. Coccio received a B.S.M.E.
from Stevens Institute of Technology, an M.S.M.E. from the University of Colorado, and a Ph.D. from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Chemical Engineering. 

Key attributes, Experience and Skills: 
Dr. Coccio brings his strategic vision for our Company to the Board together with his leadership, business experience and investor relations
skills. Dr. Coccio has an immense knowledge of our Company and its related applications which is beneficial to the Board. Dr. Coccio s
service as Chairman and CEO bridges a critical gap between the Company s management and the Board, enabling the Board to benefit
from management s perspective on the Company s business while the Board performs its oversight function. 

31 

ROBB W. ENGLE joined Sono-Tek
in 2000 as a Field Service Technician, became Vice President of Engineering in January 2013 and was appointed Executive Vice President
in September 2019. Mr. Engle created the Sono-Tek Service Department and led the development of key products in his leadership role of
our engineering resources. As Vice President of Engineering, he directs the engineering department, service department, IT and coordinates
the Company s intellectual property. Mr. Engle was formally trained and certified by the U.S. Navy as a Nuclear Operator where he
was recognized with an induction into the Navy League Memorial for meritorious service and the advancement of training techniques. He
also served with honors on board a submarine and earned the prestigious Sub-Surface Warfare (E) Insignia. 

R. STEPHEN HARSHBARGER joined
Sono-Tek in 1993. He was appointed President of the Company in 2012 and became a Director in August 2013. As President, he directs the
Company s Sales, Marketing, Engineering, Service, and Manufacturing Operations. Prior to assuming his present position, Mr. Harshbarger
served as Sales Engineer, World-Wide Sales and Marketing Manager, Vice President Director of Electronics and Advanced Energy (E AE)
and Executive Vice President. In his years managing the sales organization, he established a worldwide distribution and representative
network in more than 40 countries consisting of more than 300 persons, with revenue growth of greater than 300 . He has over 30 years
of experience in ultrasonic coating equipment for the electronics, medical device and advanced energy industries. Prior to joining
Sono-Tek, Mr. Harshbarger was the Sales and Marketing Manager for Plasmaco Inc., a world leader in the development of flat panel displays.
In that position, he established their distribution network, participated in venture capital funding, and introduced the first flat panel
technology to Wall Street trading floors. He is a graduate of Bentley University, with a major in Finance and a minor in Marketing. 

Key attributes, Experience and Skills: 
Mr. Harshbarger is among a small handful of ultrasonic coating experts in the world. He has a proven track record of identifying, developing
and implementing the technology for new markets and applications. His expertise in establishing strong distribution networks and knowledge
of ultrasonic coating for new product developments, targeted at specific advanced technology applications, bring insights to the Board.
Mr. Harshbarger also brings leadership and oversight experience to the Board. 

ERIC HASKELL, CPA has been a Director since August 2009. He has over
40 years of experience in senior financial positions at several public and private companies. He has significant expertise
in the areas of acquisitions and divestitures, strategic planning and investor relations. From December 2005 through March
2008, Mr. Haskell served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SunCom Wireless Holdings, Inc., a company providing
digital wireless communications services which was publicly traded until its merger with a wholly-owned subsidiary of T-Mobile USA, Inc.
in February 2008. He also served as a member of SunCom s Board of Directors from November 2003 through May 2007. From
1989 until April 2004, Mr. Haskell served as the Chief Financial Officer of Systems Computer Technology Corp., a NASDAQ listed software
and services corporation. Mr. Haskell received a Bachelors Degree in Business Administration from Adelphi University in 1969. 

Key attributes, Experience and Skills: 
Mr. Haskell s training and extensive experience in financial management at both public and private companies provide the Board with
valuable insights. Mr. Haskell s significant experience in acquisitions and divestitures and investor relations bring strategic
judgment and experience to the Board. Mr. Haskell s strong operational and business background complement his accounting and finance
experience and are valuable resources to the Board as it exercises its oversight duties and support of the Company s growth strategies. 

32 

MARIA T. KUHA joined Sono-Tek in 2007. Mrs.
Kuha was appointed VP, Manufacturing Operations, Procurement Logistics in September 2022. Prior to assuming her present position,
Mrs. Kuha served as Operations Director, Purchasing Manager, and several other positions within the procurement aspects of Sono-Tek; providing
extensive expertise in several vital areas of Sono-Tek operations. 

 Prior to joining Sono-Tek, Mrs. Kuha held various
positions in high tech manufacturing companies revolving around purchasing and operations. She holds an AAS in business from Dutchess
County Community College. 

 DR. DONALD F. MOWBRAY has been a Director since August 2003. He has
been an independent consultant since August 1997. From September 1992 to August 1997, he was the Manager of the General Electric Company s
Corporate Research and Development Mechanical Engineering Laboratory. From 1962 to 1992 he worked for the General Electric Company in
a variety of engineering and managerial positions. Dr. Mowbray received a B.S. in Aeronautical Engineering from the University of Minnesota
in 1960, a Master of Science in Engineering Mechanics from the University of Minnesota in 1962 and a Ph.D. from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute in Engineering Mechanics in 1968. 

Key attributes, Experience and Skills: 
Dr. Mowbray s extensive research and managerial experience enables him to bring valuable insights to the Board. His knowledge of
the Company s products and the materials sciences technology underlying them has enabled him to contribute to the Company s
advanced products development and designs. Dr. Mowbray also brings leadership and oversight experience to the Board from his General Electric
management background. 

CAROL O DONNELL has been a Director since November 2018. Ms.
O Donnell joined Prot g Partners, an industry leading firm investing in and seeding smaller and emerging hedge
fund managers in 2016 and has served as Chief Executive Officer since 2018. Prior to joining Prot g Partners, Ms. O Donnell
was the Director of Legal and Compliance with DARA Capital US, Inc., a Swiss-owned boutique registered investment advisory and wealth
management firm from 2013 to 2016. She also served as General Counsel to Boothbay Fund Management LLC, a registered investment adviser,
from December 2019 through May 2021, and was General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of each of the Permal Group and Framework Investment
Group from 2004 through 2011 and from 2002 to 2004, respectively. Ms. O Donnell is admitted to practice law in the States
of New York and Connecticut. 

Key attributes, Experience and Skills: Ms.
O Donnell s extensive experience as an attorney enables her to bring valuable strategic insights to the Board in the areas
of corporate governance, finance and securities law. Ms. O Donnell also brings leadership and oversight experience to the Board. 

DR. JOSEPH RIEMER joined the Company in January 2007 as Vice President
of Engineering and has been a Director since August 2007. Dr. Riemer served as President from September 2007 until August 2012 when he
became Vice President of Food Business Development, which position he held until June 2016. Dr. Riemer holds a Ph.D. in Food Science and
Technology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), focusing on food technology, food chemistry, biochemical analysis, and
food microbiology. His experience includes seven years with Pfizer in its Adams Confectionary Division, where he was Director, Global
Operations Development. Dr. Riemer has also held leading positions with several food, food ingredients, and personal care products companies.
He has served in the capacities of research and development, operations, and general management. Prior to joining the Company, he was
a management consultant serving clients in the food, biotech and pharmaceutical industries. 

33 

Key attributes, Experience and Skills: 
Dr. Riemer s extensive research and management experience enables him to bring valuable insights to the Board. His considerable
experience in the biotech, food and pharmaceutical industries bring specific product application insights to the Board. Dr. Riemer s
previous service as Vice President of Food Business Development helps to provide focus to the Board on this important marketing area.
Dr. Riemer also brings leadership and oversight experience to the Board. 

PHILIP STRASBURG, CPA, has been a Director since August 2004. He is
a retired partner from the firm of Anchin Block and Anchin, LLP and has 40 years of experience in auditing. He has served as Audit Committee
Chairman since 2005. He was the lead partner on the Sono-Tek account from fiscal 1994 to fiscal 1996. Mr. Strasburg is a certified public
accountant in New York State. He has a Master of Science in economics from The London School of Economics and Political Science and a
Bachelor of Science degree from Lehigh University, where he majored in business administration. 

Key attributes, Experience and Skills: 
Mr. Strasburg s training and extensive experience in auditing provide the Board with valuable insights and skills necessary to lead
the Audit Committee. Mr. Strasburg s strong operational and business background complement his accounting and finance experience,
and are valuable resources to the Board as it exercises its oversight duties and support of the Company s growth strategies. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires
the Company's Directors, executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of the Company's common stock to file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes of beneficial ownership of common
stock. Such persons are also required by Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish the Company with copies of
all such reports. Based solely on a review of such filings, during the year ended February 28, 2023, all of the Company's Directors
and executive officers and holders of more than ten percent of the Company s stock have made timely filings of such reports,
with the exception of four late filings by Philip Strasburg. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that
applies to all directors, officers, and employees. This code of ethics is designed to comply with the NASDAQ marketplace rules related
to codes of conduct. A copy of the Company's Code of Ethics is posted on the information for investors web page located at
http://www.sono-tek.com/code-of-ethics/ and is available in print to any shareholder who requests a copy. The Company intends to satisfy
any disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics by
posting such information on the Company s website. 

ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The following table sets forth the aggregate remuneration paid or
accrued by the Company for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 for each named officer of the Company. 

34 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and 
Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 
 
 Bonus ) 
 
 Stock 
Awards 
 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 

Christopher L. Coccio 
 
 2023 
 
 192,200 
 
 20,200 
 
 0 
 
 15,000 
 
 6,373 
 
 233,773 
 
 CEO, Chairman and Director 
 
 2022 
 
 150,000 
 
 42,200 
 
 0 
 
 54,520 
 
 5,766 
 
 252,486 

R. Stephen Harshbarger 
 
 2023 
 
 249,200 
 
 23,000 
 
 0 
 
 15,000 
 
 8,167 
 
 295,367 
 
 President and Director 
 
 2022 
 
 227,500 
 
 48,700 
 
 0 
 
 3,667 
 
 8,286 
 
 288,153 

Stephen J. Bagley 
 
 2023 
 
 174,800 
 
 18,500 
 
 0 
 
 7,500 
 
 5,799 
 
 206,599 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2022 
 
 165,000 
 
 38,900 
 
 0 
 
 6,383 
 
 6,117 
 
 216,400 

All Other Compensation represents Company contributions to the Company s
401K plan. 

Option awards in the above table are calculated using the Black-Scholes
options pricing model which is further discussed in Note 4 Stock Based Compensation, in the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

Officer Compensation Arrangements 

During fiscal 2023, Dr. Coccio was compensated at the rate of 150,000
per annum, until May 2022, at which time his annual base compensation increased to 200,000. 

 During fiscal 2023, Mr. Harshbarger was compensated at the rate of
 235,000 per annum, until November 2022, at which time his annual base compensation increased to 250,000. 

 During fiscal 2023, Mr. Bagley was compensated at the rate of 165,000
per annum, until November 2022, at which time his annual base compensation increased to 175,000. 

In addition, each named officer earned bonus compensation based on
the achievement of certain operating objectives. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

Name 
 
 Number of Securities 
Underlying Unexercised 
Options (#) Exercisable 
 
 Number of Securities 
Underlying Unexercised 
Options (#) Unexercisable 
 
 Option 
Exercise Price ) 
 
 Option 
Expiration Date 

Christopher L. Coccio 
 
 2,617 
 
 3,198 
 
 6.05 
 
 11/18/2031 
 
 CEO, Chairman and Director 
 
 16,340 
 
 - 
 
 6.26 
 
 02/17/2032 

16,340 
 
 - 
 
 6.26 
 
 02/17/2032 

- 
 
 4,505 
 
 5.96 
 
 11/17/2032 

R. Stephen Harshbarger 
 
 2,617 
 
 3,198 
 
 6.05 
 
 11/18/2031 
 
 President 
 
 7,353 
 
 8,987 
 
 6.26 
 
 02/17/2032 

- 
 
 3,937 
 
 5.96 
 
 11/17/2032 

Stephen J. Bagley 
 
 1,750 
 
 1,000 
 
 4.45 
 
 01/15/2031 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 4,412 
 
 5,392 
 
 6.26 
 
 02/17/2032 

- 
 
 1,969 
 
 5.96 
 
 11/17/2032 

35 

Estimated Payments and Benefits Upon Termination or Change in Control 

On September 1, 2007, the Company entered into identical Executive
Agreements with Stephen J. Bagley, Chief Financial Officer and Christopher L. Coccio, Chief Executive Officer. The Company also entered
into an Executive Agreement with R. Stephen Harshbarger, President, on March 5, 2008. The agreements, as subsequently amended, provide
that in the event of a change of control of the Company followed by a termination of the executives employment under certain circumstances,
the officers shall receive severance payments equal to two years of the executive s annual base, commissions and bonus compensation
paid by the Company for the previous calendar year. 

Based on last year s salary arrangements, if the rights of the
foregoing officers were to be triggered following a change of control, they would be entitled to the following payments from the Company:
Stephen J. Bagley 411,000, Christopher L. Coccio 442,000 and R. Stephen Harshbarger 572,000. 

Severance Agreements 

On October 20, 2017, the Company entered into identical Executive
Agreements with Stephen J. Bagley, Chief Financial Officer, Christopher L. Coccio, Chief Executive Officer and R. Stephen Harshbarger,
President. The agreements provide that in the event of termination of the executive s employment, other than for the cause, the
officers shall receive severance payments equal to two weeks of compensation for each full year employed by the Company. 

Compensation of Directors 

Each non-employee director receives 2,500 for each meeting
attended. Directors who are employees of the Company receive no additional compensation for serving as directors. For the year ended February
28, 2023, director compensation was as follows: 

 2023 Director Compensation 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Eric Haskell 
 10,000 
 
 9,900 1 

19,900 
 
 Donald F. Mowbray 
 10,000 
 
 9,900 2 

19,900 
 
 Carol O Donnell 
 10,000 
 
 9,900 3 

19,900 
 
 Philip Strasburg 
 10,000 
 
 9,900 4 

19,900 
 
 Joseph Riemer 
 10,000 
 
 9,900 5 

19,900 

1 
 During fiscal 2023, Mr. Haskell received a grant of 3,300 options exercisable at 5.50 per share. At the end of fiscal 2023, Mr. Haskell held an aggregate of 19,350 stock options. 
 
 2 
 During fiscal 2023, Dr. Mowbray received a grant of 3,300 options exercisable at 5.50 per share. At the end of fiscal 2023, Dr. Mowbray held an aggregate of 19,350 stock options. 
 
 3 
 During fiscal 2023, Ms. O Donnell received a grant of 3,300 options exercisable at 5.50 per share. At the end of fiscal 2023, Ms. O Donnell held an aggregate of 9,350 stock options. 
 
 4 
 During fiscal 2023, Mr. Strasburg received a grant of 3,300 options exercisable at 5.50 per share. At the end of fiscal 2023, Mr. Strasburg held an aggregate of 6,627 stock options. 
 
 5 
 During fiscal 2023, Dr. Riemer received a grant of 3,300 options exercisable at 5.50 per share. At the end of fiscal 2023, Dr. Riemer held an aggregate of 11,350 stock options. 

Option awards in the above table are calculated using the Black-Scholes
options pricing model which is further discussed in Note 4 Stock Based Compensation, in the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

36 

ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following information is furnished as of May 23, 2023 to indicate
beneficial ownership of the Company's Common Stock by each Director, by each named executive officer, by all Directors and executive officers
as a group, and by each person known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company's outstanding Common Stock.
Such information has been furnished to the Company by the indicated owners. Unless otherwise indicated, the named person has sole voting
and investment power. 

Amount 

Beneficially 

Name (and address if more than 5 of Beneficial owner 
 
 Owned 

Percent 
 
 Directors and Officers 

Stephen J. Bagley 
 
 60,844 
 1 

Christopher L. Coccio 
 
 387,296 
 2 
 
 2.45 
 
 R. Stephen Harshbarger 
 
 291,748 
 3 
 
 1.85 
 
 Eric Haskell 
 
 15,310 
 4 

Donald F. Mowbray 
 
 69,913 
 5 

Carol O Donnell 
 
 24,723 
 6 

Joseph Riemer 
 
 47,029 
 7 

Philip A. Strasburg 
 
 42,118 
 8 

All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group 
 
 1,034,122 
 9 
 
 6.53 

Additional 5 owners 

Emancipation Management LLC 11 
Charles Frumberg 11 
Circle N Advisors, LLC 12 
 
 6,628,393 
 10 
 
 42.11 
 
 V. Adah Nicklin 13 
 
 915,599 

5.82 
 
 Richard A. Bayles 14 
 
 840,536 

5.34 

The above ownership percentages are based on 15,742,073 shares outstanding as of May 23,
2023. 

c/o Sono-Tek Corporation, 2012 Route 9W, Milton, NY 12547. 

 Less than 1 

1 Includes 6,162 options currently exercisable issued under the Company s
Stock Incentive Plans. 

 2 Includes 4,000 shares held in the name of Dr. Coccio s wife and 35,297
options currently exercisable issued under the Company s Stock Incentive Plans. 

 3 Includes 9,970 options currently exercisable issued under the Company s
Stock Incentive Plans. 

 4 Includes 10,723 options currently exercisable issued under the Company s
Stock Incentive Plans. 

 5 Includes 10,723 options currently exercisable issued under the Company s
Stock Incentive Plans. 

 6 Includes 2,723 options currently exercisable issued under the Company s
Stock Incentive Plans. 

 7 Includes 4,723 options currently exercisable issued under the Company s
Stock Incentive Plans. 

 8 Includes 10,000 shares in the name of Mr. Strasburg s wife. 

 9 The group total includes 93,695 options currently exercisable issued under
the Company s Stock Incentive Plans. The group total does not include 88,612 options that are currently unexercisable. The group
total includes 81,167 shares and 6,162 currently exercisable options held by Robb Engle, Executive Vice President, 600 shares and 1,050
currently exercisable options held by Maria Kuha, a Vice President and 6,162 currently exercisable options held by Christopher Cichetti,
a Vice President. 

 10 Emancipation Management LLC, Charles Frumberg and Circle N Advisors share
the power to dispose or to direct the disposition of these shares. The Company does not consider these holders to be affiliates 
of the Company. 

 11 The address of this person is 299 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10171. 

 12 The address of this person is 1065 Main Street, Suite F, PO Box 336, Fishkill,
NY 12524. 

 13 The address of this person is 3 Rivers Edge, Newburgh, NY 12550. 

 14 The address of this person is 3697 Se Doubleton Drive, Stuart, FL 34997. 

37 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans: 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2013 Stock Incentive Plan 
 250,759 
 4.84 
 1,212,793 

Total 
 250,759 
 
 1,212,793 

Description of Equity Compensation Plans: 

2013 Stock Incentive Plan 

Under the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan ),
up to 2,500,000 options and shares can be granted to officers, directors, consultants and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
.. Under the 2013 Plan options expire ten years after the date of grant. As of February 28, 2023, there were 250,759 options outstanding
under the 2013 plan. 

2023 Stock Incentive Plan 

In
May 2023, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the creation of the 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan pursuant to which the Company may grant up to 2,500,000 options or shares to officers, directors, employees and consultants of
the Company and its subsidiaries. The 2023 Plan is intended to supplement and
replace the 2013 Plan under which no additional options or shares may be granted after June 2023. Under the 2023 Plan, options expire
ten years after the date of grant. Adoption of the 2023 Plan remains subject to shareholder approval which shall be sought at the Company s
annual meeting in August 2023. No options or shares have been granted under the 2023 Plan. 

Under the 2013 Plan and the 2023 Plan, option prices
must be at least 100 of the fair market value of the common stock at time of grant. For qualified employees, except under certain
circumstances specified in the plan or unless otherwise specified at the discretion of the Board of Directors, no option may be
exercised prior to one year after date of grant, with the balance becoming exercisable in cumulative installments over a three-year
period during the term of the option and terminating at a stipulated period of time after an employee's termination of
employment. 

ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Transactions with Related Persons None 

Independence of Directors 

38 

The Company s Board of Directors is comprised of five independent
directors , as that term is defined under NASDAQ rules, and two directors who are not independent directors . The Company s
 independent directors are Donald Mowbray, Eric Haskell, Carol O Donnell, Philip Strasburg and Joseph Riemer. Christopher
L. Coccio and R. Stephen Harshbarger are current employees of the Company and therefore are not considered independent. 

ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

For fiscal 2023 the Company paid or accrued fees of approximately
 100,000 for services rendered by Marcum LLP, its independent auditors. These fees included audit and review services. 

For fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company paid or accrued fees of approximately
 46,000 and 129,000, respectively, for services rendered by Friedman LLP, its independent auditors. These fees included audit and review
services. 

Audit Related Fees - None 

Tax Fees 

For fiscal 2023 and 2022, the Company paid or accrued tax preparation
fees of approximately 18,000 and 14,000, respectively, for services rendered by RBSM, LLP. 

All Other Fees None 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The Audit Committee s current policy is to pre-approve all audit
and non-audit services that are to be performed and fees to be charged by the Company s independent auditor to assure that the provision
of these services does not impair the independence of the auditor. The Audit Committee pre-approved all audit and non-audit services rendered
by the Company s principal accountants in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. 

39 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Ex. No . 
 Description 
 
 3(a) 1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company and all amendments thereto. 
 
 3(b) 2 
 By-laws of the Company as amended. 
 
 10(d) 3 
 Executive Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and Stephen J. Bagley dated September 1, 2007. 
 
 10(e) 3 
 Executive Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and Christopher L. Coccio dated September 1, 2007. 
 
 10(g) 4 
 Executive Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and R. Stephen Harshbarger dated March 5, 2008. 
 
 10(h) 5 
 Amended Executive Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and R. Stephen Harshbarger dated March 8, 2012. 
 
 10(j) 6 
 Sono-Tek Corporation 2013 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 10(p) 7 
 Amended Executive Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and Christopher L. Coccio dated August 24, 2014. 
 
 10(q) 7 
 Amended Executive Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and R. Stephen Harshbarger dated August 24, 2014. 
 
 10(r) 8 
 Amended Executive Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and Stephen J. Bagley dated May 21, 2015. 
 
 10(s) 10 
 Amended Executive Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and Christopher L. Coccio dated November 17, 2016. 
 
 10(t) 9 
 Amended Executive Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and R. Stephen Harshbarger dated November 17, 2016. 
 
 10(u) 9 
 Amended Executive Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and Stephen J. Bagley dated November 17, 2016. 
 
 10(v) 10 
 Letter Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and Christopher L. Coccio dated October 20, 2017. 
 
 10(w) 10 
 Letter Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and R. Stephen Harshbarger dated October 20, 2017. 
 
 10(x) 10 
 Letter Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and Stephen J. Bagley dated October 20, 2017. 
 
 10(y) 11 
 Amended and Restated Loan Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and M T Bank dated January 17, 2019. 
 
 10(z) 11 
 Addendum to Loan Agreement (Flexline) between Sono-Tek Corporation and M T Bank dated January 17, 2019. 
 
 10(aa) 11 
 Addendum to Loan Agreement (Loan Limit) between Sono-Tek Corporation and M T Bank dated January 17, 2019. 
 
 10(bb) 11 
 Loan Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and M T Bank dated January 17, 2019. 
 
 10(cc) 11 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Demand Note between Sono-Tek Corporation and M T Bank dated January 17, 2019 . 
 
 10(dd) 11 
 Security Agreement between Sono-Tek Corporation and M T Bank dated January 17, 2019. 
 
 14 12 
 Code of Ethics. 
 
 21 13 
 Subsidiaries of Issuer. 
 
 23.1 13 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 
 23.2 13 
 Consent of Friedman LLP 
 
 31.1 13 
 Rule 13a-14/15d 14(a) Certification. 
 
 31.2 13 
 Rule 13a-14/15d 14(a) Certification. 
 
 32.1 13 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 13 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 13 
 XBRL Instance Document This instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 13 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 13 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 13 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 13 
 XBRL Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 13 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 13 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

1 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-11913 on Form S-8 filed on February 18, 2004. 
 
 2 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 7, 2019 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 13, 2019. 
 
 3 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended August 31, 2007 
 
 4 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2008. 
 
 5 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended February 29, 2012. 
 
 6 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 25, 2013. 
 
 7 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended February 29, 2015. 
 
 8 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended February 29, 2016. 
 
 9 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2017. 
 
 10 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2018. 
 
 11 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2019. 
 
 12 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 24, 2020 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2020. 
 
 13 
 Filed herewith. 

ITEM 16 
 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

41 

SONO-TEK CORPORATION 

FORM 10-K 

ITEM 8 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 2023 and 2022 

REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS 
 (PCAOB ID No: 

 (PCAOB ID No: 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of February 28, 2023 and 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Income 

 For the Years Ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 

 For the Years Ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

42 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
Sono-Tek Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Sono-Tek
Corporation (the Company as of February 28, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity
and cash flows for the year ended February 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February
28, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended February 28, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period
audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 (such date takes into account
the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022). 

May 25, 2023 

43 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Sono-Tek Corporation 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Sono-Tek
Corporation (the Company as of February 28, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders 
equity, and cash flows for the year ended February 28, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of February
28, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended February 28, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the
PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 /s/ Friedman LLP 

We served as the Company s auditor from 2020 through 2022. 

May 24, 2022 

44 

SONO-TEK CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable (less allowance of and , respectively) 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Land 

Buildings, equipment, furnishings and leasehold improvements, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred tax asset 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as February 28, 2023, and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated earnings 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

45 

SONO-TEK CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Fiscal Year Ended 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 

Net Sales 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Gross Profit 

Operating Expenses 

Research and product development 

Marketing and selling 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Income 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest and Dividend Income 

Net unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Paycheck Protection Program Loan Forgiveness 

Income before Income Taxes 

Income Tax Expense 

Net Income 

Basic Earnings Per Share 

Diluted Earnings Per Share 

Weighted Average Shares Basic 

Weighted Average Shares Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

46 

SONO-TEK CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 2023 AND 2022 

Common Stock Par Value .01 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid In Capital 
 Accumulated Earnings 
 Total Stockholders Equity 
 
 Balance - February 28, 2021 

Stock based compensation expense 

Cashless exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net Income 

Balance - February 28, 2022 

Stock based compensation expense 

Cashless exercise of stock options 

Net Income 

Balance - February 28, 2023 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

47 

SONO-TEK CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Fiscal Year Ended 

February 28, 2023 
 February 28, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock based compensation expense 

Accounts receivable reserve 

Inventory reserve 

Paycheck Protection Program Loan Forgiveness 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 
 
 _ 
 
 Deferred tax asset, net 

(Increase) Decrease in: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

(Decrease) Increase in: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Customer deposits 

Income taxes payable 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of equipment, furnishings and leasehold improvements 

Purchase of marketable securities, net 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: 

Beginning of year 

End of year 

Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure: 

Interest Paid 

Income Taxes Paid 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

48 

SONO-TEK CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 YEARS ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 2023 AND FEBRUARY 28, 2022 

and , respectively. 

of
cash in excess of the FDIC insured limit. 

to five years . 

Marketable Securities February 28, 2022 

Marketable Securities include certificates
of deposit and US Treasury securities, totaling and that are considered to be highly liquid and easily tradeable
as of February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively. US Treasury securities are valued using inputs observable in active markets
for identical securities and are therefore classified as Level 1 and certificates of deposit are classified as Level 2 within the
Company s fair value hierarchy. The Company s marketable securities are considered to be trading securities as defined under
ASC 320 Investments Debt and Equity Securities. 

uncertain tax positions. 

years for domestic patents and twelve years for foreign patents, which is considered the useful life. The accumulated
amortization of patents is 
and 
at February 28, 2023 and February 28, 2022, respectively. Annual amortization expense of such intangible assets is expected to be
approximately 
per year for the next five years. 

forty years. 

At February 28, 2023 and 2022, the Company had Land, stated at cost of . 

impairment losses were identified or recorded for the years ended February 28, 2023
and February 28, 2022 on the Company s long-lived assets. 

and , respectively, on research and development activities related to new products and services and the ongoing improvement
of existing products and services. 

in cash
deposits, representing contract liabilities, and had issued Letters of Credit in the amount of to secure these cash deposits.
At February 28, 2023, the Company was utilizing of its available credit line to collateralize these letters of credit. 

At February 28, 2022, the Company had received in cash
deposits, representing contract liabilities, and had issued Letters of Credit in the amount of to secure these cash deposits. At
February 28, 2022, the Company was utilizing of its available credit line to collateralize these letters of credit. 

The Company s sales revenue, by product line is as follows: 

Integrated Coating Systems 

Multi-Axis Coating Systems 

OEM Systems 

Other 

TOTAL 

shares of the Company's common stock. Under the 2013 Plan options expire ten
years after the date of grant. As of February 28, 2023, there were options outstanding under the 2013 plan. 

Under the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, option prices must
be at least 100 of the fair market value of the common stock at time of grant. For qualified employees, except under certain circumstances
specified in the plan or unless otherwise specified at the discretion of the Board of Directors, no option may be exercised prior to one
year after date of grant, with the balance becoming exercisable in cumulative installments over a three-year period during the term of
the option and terminating at a stipulated period of time after an employee's termination of employment. 

During fiscal 2023, the Company granted options to
acquire 
shares to employees exercisable at prices ranging from 
to 
and options to acquire 
shares to the non-employee members of the board of directors with an exercise price of .
The options granted to employees and directors vest over three years and expire in ten years .
The options granted by the Company during fiscal 2023 had a combined weighted average grant date fair value of per share. 

During fiscal 2022, the Company granted options to
acquire 
shares to employees exercisable at prices ranging from 
to 
and options to acquire 
shares to the non-employee members of the board of directors with an exercise price of .
The options granted to employees and directors vest over three years 
and expire in ten years . The options granted by the Company during fiscal 2022 had a combined weighted average grant date fair
value of per share. 

A summary of the activity for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Balance - February 28, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Balance - February 28, 2023 

The aggregate intrinsic value of the Company s vested and exercisable
options at February 28, 2023 was . 

For the years ended February 28, 2023 and 2022 the Company
recognized 
and 
in stock based compensation expense, respectively. Such amounts are included in general and administrative expenses on the
consolidated statements of income. Total compensation expense related to non-vested options not yet recognized as of February 28,
2023 was and
will be recognized over the next three years based on vesting date. The amount of future stock option compensation expense could
be affected by any future option grants or by any forfeitures. During the year ended February 28, 2023, the Company had net
settlement exercises of stock options, whereby, the optionee did not pay cash for the options but instead received the number of
shares equal to the difference between the exercise price and the market price on the date of exercise. Net settlement exercises
during the year ended February 28, 2023 resulted in shares of common stock issued. 

Determining the appropriate fair value of the stock-based awards requires
the input of subjective assumptions, including the fair value of the Company s common stock, and for stock options, the expected
life of the option, and the expected stock price volatility. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to value its stock
option awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent management s best estimates and
involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. 

The expected term of the options is estimated based on the Company s
historical exercise rate. The expected life of awards that vest immediately use the contractual maturity since they are vested when issued.
For stock price volatility, the Company uses its expected volatility of the price of the Company s common stock based on historical
activity. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury notes with a term approximating the expected life of the option at the
grant-date. 

The weighted-average fair value of options has been estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes options-pricing model. The weighted-average Black-Scholes assumptions are as follows: 

- years 

- years 

Risk free interest rate 
 
 - 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

- 

Expected dividend yield 

Finished goods 

Work in process 

Total 

The Company maintains an allowance for slow moving inventory for raw materials and finished
goods. The recorded allowances at February 28, 2023 and 2022, totaled 332,525 and 327,661, respectively. 

Laboratory equipment 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Tradeshow and demonstration equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Totals 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense for the years ended February 28, 2023 and February
28, 2022 was and , respectively. 

Estimated warranty costs 

Accrued commissions 

Professional fees 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accrued expenses 

revolving line of credit at prime which
was at February 28, 2023 and at February 28, 2022. The revolving credit line is collateralized by the Company s accounts
receivable and inventory. The revolving credit line is payable on demand and must be retired for a 30-day period, once annually. If the
Company fails to perform the 30-day annual pay down or if the bank elects to terminate the credit line, the bank may, at its option, convert
the outstanding balance to a 36-month term note with payments including interest in 36 equal installments. 

As of February 28, 2023, of the Company s credit
line was being utilized to collateralize Letters of Credit issued to customers that have remitted cash deposits to the Company on
existing orders. The Letters of Credit expire in May and July 2023. As of February 28, 2023, there were no outstanding borrowings
under the line of credit and the unused portion of the credit line was . 

As of February 28, 2022, of the Company s credit
line was being utilized to collateralize letters of credit issued to customers that have remitted cash deposits to the Company on
existing orders. The letters of credit expire in May 2023. As of February 28, 2022, there were no outstanding borrowings under the
line of credit and the unused portion of the credit line was . 

. In April 2021, the Company received notice from the SBA that the loan was forgiven in full and recorded
a gain on forgiveness of , which is recorded on the consolidated statements of income in fiscal 2022. 

State tax, net of federal 

Research and development tax credits 

Permanent differences 

Other 

Income tax expense 

Components of the current and deferred tax expense are as follows: 

State 

Total current income tax 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred income tax 

Income tax expense 

In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management
considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences
become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and projections
for future taxable income over periods in which the deferred tax assets are deductible. Management believes it is more likely than not
that the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences. 

The incorporation of the new tax laws for 2023, requires the Company
to capitalize for income tax purposes research and development expenses incurred during the year and for such expenses to be amortized
over a five year period. As a result, a deferred tax asset Capitalized R D expenses IRC Section 174 has been
recorded. 

The Company does not have any uncertain tax
positions in 2023. There are no interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in 2023. As of February 28, 2023, open years
related to the federal and state jurisdictions are 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

The deferred tax asset and liability are comprised of the following: 

Allowance for accounts receivable 

Capitalized R D expenses IRC Section 174 

Accrued expenses and other 

Deferred tax asset Long Term 

Deferred tax liability 

Building and leasehold depreciation 

Deferred tax liability Long Term 

Denominator for basic earnings per share - weighted average 

Effects of dilutive securities: 

Stock options for employees, directors and outside consultants 

Denominator for diluted earnings per share 

Basic Earnings Per Share Weighted Average 

Diluted Earnings Per Share Weighted Average 

Europe, Middle East, Asia (EMEA) 

Latin America 

During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, sales to foreign customers accounted
for approximately and , or and respectively, of total revenues. 

The Company had two customers which accounted for of sales during
fiscal 2023. Four customers accounted for of the outstanding accounts receivables at February 28, 2023. 

The Company had two customers which accounted for of sales during
fiscal 2022. Three customers accounted for of the outstanding accounts receivables at February 28, 2022. 

58 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant
has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: May 25, 2023 

 Sono-Tek Corporation 

 (Registrant) 

By: /s/ Dr. Christopher L. Coccio 

 Dr. Christopher L. Coccio, 

 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Dr. Christopher L Coccio 
 May 25, 2023 
 /s/ Eric Haskell 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 Christopher L. Coccio 
 
 Eric Haskell 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 Director 

/s/ Stephen J. Bagley 
 May 25, 2023 
 / s/ Dr. Joseph Riemer 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 Stephen J. Bagley 
 
 Dr. Joseph Riemer 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Director 

/s/ Carol O Donnell 
 May 25, 2023 
 /s/ Philip A. Strasburg 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 Carol O Donnell 
 
 Philip A. Strasburg 

Director 
 
 Director 

/s/ R. Stephen Harshbarger 
 May 25, 2023 
 /s/ Dr. Donald F. Mowbray 
 May 25, 2023 
 
 R. Stephen Harshbarger 
 
 Donald F. Mowbray 

President and Director 
 
 Director 

59 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name 
 State of Organization 

Sono-Tek Industrial Park LLC 
 New York 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM'S CONSENT

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements of Sono-Tek Corporation on Form S-8 (File No. 333-216504), and Form S-3 (File No. 333-267067) of our report dated May 25,
2023 with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended February 28, 2023, which report
is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sono-Tek Corporation for the year ended February 28, 2023. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

 East Hanover, New Jersey 

 May 25, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 ex23-2.htm
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM'S CONSENT

Exhibit 23.2 

Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
of Sono-Tek Corporation on Form S-8 (File No. 333-216504) and Form S-3 (File No. 333-267067) of our report dated May 24, 2022, with respect
to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Sono-Tek Corporation as of and for the year ended February 28, 2022, which report
is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sono-Tek Corporation for the year ended February 28, 2023. 

We were dismissed as auditors on December 19, 2022, and, accordingly, we have not performed
any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements for the periods after the date of our dismissal. 

/s/ Friedman llp 

Friedman llp 

 East Hanover, New Jersey 

 May 25, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm
 RULE 13A-14/15D 14(A) CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13a-14/15d 14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, Christopher L. Coccio (principal executive officer), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sono-Tek Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for the periods presented in this report; 

4. Sono-Tek Corporation s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d 15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the
registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. Sono-Tek Corporation s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: May 25, 2023 

/s/ Christopher L. Coccio 

 Christopher L. Coccio 

 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm
 RULE 13A-14/15D 14(A) CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

RULE 13a-14/15d 14(a) CERTIFICATION 

I, Stephen J. Bagley (principal accounting officer), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Sono-Tek Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for the periods presented in this report; 

4. Sono-Tek Corporation s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d 15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the
registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. Sono-Tek Corporation s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: May 25, 2023 

/s/ Stephen J. Bagley 

 Stephen J. Bagley 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Sono-Tek Corporation on Form
10-K for the year ended February 28 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ).
I, Christopher L. Coccio, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (principal executive officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) and 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: May 25, 2023 

/s/ Christopher L. Coccio 

 Christopher L. Coccio 

 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Sono-Tek Corporation on Form
10-K for the year ended February 28, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ).
I, Stephen J. Bagley, Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting officer) of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) and 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: May 25, 2023 

/s/ Stephen J. Bagley 

 Stephen J. Bagley 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (principal accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 sotk-20230228.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 sotk-20230228_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 sotk-20230228_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 sotk-20230228_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

