<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230515_10-K_edgar_data_1803096_0001640334-23-000879.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2898103</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76447</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>551869</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>732516</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>597801</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>869455</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-000879.hdr.sgml : 20230515
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230515151540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-000879
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230515
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230515

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STARGUIDE GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001803096
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MISCELLANEOUS NONDURABLE GOODS [5190]
		IRS NUMBER:				611817627
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-237681
		FILM NUMBER:		23921284

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 E 2ND ST
		STREET 2:		STE 1510 PMB 5010
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-664-0097

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 E 2ND ST
		STREET 2:		STE 1510 PMB 5010
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89501

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-000879.txt : 20230515

10-K
 1
 star_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

star_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ Commission File No. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 5199 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , Tel: - (Address and telephone number of registrant s executive office) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of July 31, 2022: . The number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of May 15, 2023 was . TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I ITEM 1 BUSINESS 3 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 10 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 10 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 10 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 10 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 10 PART II ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 11 ITEM 6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 11 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 11 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 14 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 15 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 16 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 16 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 16 PART III ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 17 ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 19 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 19 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 20 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 20 PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 21 2 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1 BUSINESS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use of terms such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, approximate or continue, or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management s best judgment as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. As used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the Company , mean Starguide Group, Inc., unless otherwise indicated. All dollar amounts refer to US dollars unless otherwise indicated. DESCRIPTION OF OUR BUSINESS Starguide Group, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 21, 2017 and established a fiscal year end of January 31. We are still in the development stage and as of today we have no revenues, have minimal assets and have incurred losses since inception. We were formed to engage in the distribution of Indian traditional art and crafts from India to individuals and wholesalers around the world. As of today, we have not identified any party to sell our products. Initially, our sole officer and director, Vicky Sharma will market our products. We intend to hire salespersons with good knowledge and connections in our market. The salesperson s job would be to find potential customers, and to set up agreements with them. We intend to focus on direct marketing efforts whereby our representative will directly contact. We plan to advertise our service and products on different websites and social networks using context ad. We plan to use internet catalogs and use many online marketing tools to direct traffic to our website and identify potential customers. In addition, we are going to issue monthly printed catalog and send it to our clients. 3 Table of Contents On May 16, 2022, Vicky Sharma, the previous majority shareholder of the Company, entered into a stock purchase agreement for the sale of 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company to Northeast International Holdings Limited. As a result of the acquisition, Northeast International Holdings Limited holds approximately 68 of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, and as such it is able to unilaterally control the election of our board of directors, all matters upon which shareholder approval is required and, ultimately, the direction of our Company. Also on May 16, 2022, the previous sole officer and director of the company, Vicky Sharma, resigned his positions with the Company. Upon such resignations, Lu Mei Xian was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, and sole Director of the Company. The Company intends to be an incubator of Software as a Service (Saas) startups and is in active discussions with multiple SaaS businesses. The Company s goal is to identify and locate SaaS businesses with the potential to grow, and to bring them under the Starguide corporate umbrella. On December 8, 2022, the Company acquired 80 shares in Live Investments Holdings, a corporation organized in Great Britain located in London, in exchange for sixteen thousand dollars 16,000) on closing. Live Investments Holdings Ltd. owns 100 of Live Lead Tech Ltd, a cloud-based lead generation software corporation organized in Great Britain located in London. As a result of the acquisition of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Live Investments Holdings Ltd, the Company have now assumed Live Investments Holdings Ltd s business operations as a majority-owned subsidiary and on a consolidated basis. Executive Summary: Live Lead Tech Ltd is a cloud-based lead generation software company. Its flagship product, LiveLead, is designed to provide businesses with verified leads that are collected automatically from sources like Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, and Twitter. A business lead is defined as a person who is interested in the product or service you sell. Obtaining leads is the first step of the sales cycle and is a major component of any sales-led organization. LiveLead eliminates the need for businesses of all sizes to hire developers or engage in complex coding in its lead generation efforts., thanks to its user-friendly platform and utilization of technology. History: LiveLead is an offshoot of a highly successful product, Boost. Boost was first introduced in 2018 and since its inception, has been making waves in the market with its innovative approach to lead generation. With a focus on social opt-in, Boost has helped countless businesses to gather thousands of leads by providing a simple and intuitive platform for users to sign up for updates, newsletters, and other promotional content. Over the past few years, Boost has established itself as a reliable and trustworthy solution for businesses looking to expand their customer base and grow their revenue. Boost was launched on the application marketplace AppSumo in 2020 and was met with much fanfare and enthusiasm from the marketing and startup communities. The launch was a major success, with Boost selling several thousand one-time licenses in a matter of weeks. The positive response to Boost's unique approach to lead generation was a testament to the product's value and effectiveness. At the same time, the founder of Boost recognized that there was still a lot of room for improvement and growth. With this in mind, they decided to spin off Boost into a separate entity and create Live Lead Tech Ltd. The goal of Live Lead Tech is to take the proven success of Boost and build upon it to create an even more powerful and comprehensive solution for businesses looking to maximize their lead generation efforts. One of the main objectives of LiveLead is to transition Boost from a one-time sale product to a subscription revenue model. This shift will allow LiveLead to provide an even more comprehensive and customized experience for its users, as well as offer additional features and benefits that were not possible with the one-time sale model. Additionally, the subscription revenue model will allow LiveLead to establish a more predictable and sustainable revenue stream, allowing the company to invest more resources into product development and growth. The history of Boost and the creation of LiveLead is a testament to the founders' commitment to innovation, growth, and providing value to their customers. With a strong foundation in the form of Boost, LiveLead aims to become a major player in the social opt-in lead generation space. 4 Table of Contents Market Analysis: A lead is a potential customer who has shown interest in a company's product or service and provided their contact information for future marketing efforts. A lead can be generated through various methods such as filling out a form on a website, attending an event, or responding to an advertisement. Lead generation refers to the process of identifying and nurturing leads to the point where they become interested in a company's offerings. Effective lead generation involves creating a strong marketing strategy that attracts potential customers and converting them into leads. This can include tactics such as search engine optimization (SEO), content marketing, email marketing, and social media marketing. The ultimate goal of lead generation is to build a pipeline of qualified leads that can be passed on to sales teams for further nurturing and potential conversion into customers. The demand for lead generation software is on the rise as businesses seek effective and efficient ways to capture leads. According to a report from July 2021 by The Insight Partners, the global lead generation solution market is projected to experience robust growth from 2021 to 2028, with a CAGR of 17.5 from 2021 to 2028, rising from US 3,103.80 million in 2021 to US 9,589.11 million by 2028. The growth of the market can be attributed to several factors, including the increasing demand for lead-generation solutions by small and medium-sized businesses, the popularity of digital marketing and automation technologies, and the rise of e-commerce and the use of social media platforms for marketing purposes. However, a major challenge for businesses is obtaining genuine and verified leads. Traditional lead generation methods such as collecting information from websites or social media can be time-consuming, inaccurate, and often result in unqualified leads. Problem Definition: This presents a significant opportunity for Live Lead Tech Ltd and its lead generation software, LiveLead. The software offers a user-friendly platform that eliminates the need for complicated tools and can be used by businesses of all sizes. LiveLead collects verified leads from sources such as Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, and Twitter, providing businesses with a reliable and efficient way to capture genuine leads. Social sign-up is a popular feature used by websites and apps to increase their signup conversion rate. The idea behind it is simple: users can sign up using their existing social media accounts, rather than filling out a lengthy form. This not only saves time for the user but also reduces friction in the sign-up process. However, this feature is not commonly used on opt-in forms on websites, where businesses typically ask visitors to provide their name and email address in exchange for something of value, such as a newsletter, an e-book, or a discount. Businesses are always looking for new ways to collect leads and build their email lists. LiveLead offers a unique solution to this problem by providing businesses with opt-in links that they can place anywhere on their websites or learning pages. These links can be shared on social media, embedded in emails, or even added to QR codes. With LiveLead, businesses can collect email contacts wherever they can place a link, providing them with a new channel to reach their audience and grow their email lists. Asking people to type their email addresses can be a significant barrier to collecting leads, as it can be a poor user experience. Some people may be hesitant to provide their personal information, while others may simply find the process too time-consuming. LiveLead social opt-in solves this problem by allowing the audience to opt in quickly without typing their name and email address. The audience simply clicks on a LiveLead link and the information is automatically captured. This streamlines the opt-in process and provides a better user experience, making it easier for businesses to collect leads and grow their email lists. Target Market: We understand that every business is unique, with its own set of challenges and goals. That's why we have designed our lead generation software to be highly versatile, and capable of catering to businesses of all sizes and industries. Our target market is extensive, and we aim to provide value to small and medium-sized businesses, startups, and large enterprises alike. Leveraging the latest technology, LiveLead provides an effortless and efficient solution for businesses seeking to boost visibility, expand their customer base, and generate high-quality leads. Designed to meet the needs of both new startups and well-established enterprises, the software helps businesses achieve growth goals and succeed in a competitive marketplace. Its user-friendly interface and powerful lead collection capabilities make LiveLead an ideal solution for businesses looking to stay ahead of the curve and enhance their lead generation efforts. 5 Table of Contents Products : Our flagship product, LiveLead, is a powerful and innovative lead-generation software designed to help businesses reach and engage with their target audience more effectively. Utilizing state-of-the-art intelligence technology, LiveLead automatically collects verified leads from sources such as Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, and Twitter. The software is designed with ease of use in mind, and requires no special expertise or coding knowledge to operate, making it accessible to businesses of all sizes and industries. In addition to LiveLead, we are committed to developing complementary products that will help businesses grow and succeed. One such product idea is the AI Lead Generation Chat Widget, a chat-based lead capture tool that uses AI technology to engage with website visitors and collect their information in real time, increasing the effectiveness of lead generation efforts. How LiveLead Works: LiveLead is a cloud-based software that helps businesses collect leads through social sign-up and login APIs. The software is designed to be user-friendly and enables businesses to create opt-in links without needing to code. An opt-in link is a link that visitors can click on to opt-in and subscribe for more information or receive something in exchange, such as an eBook. Opt-in links are similar to opt-in forms, which are used on websites for visitors to enter their email address, but opt-in links do not require the visitor to fill out a form with their information. With LiveLead, businesses can create opt-in buttons and QR codes based on their created opt-in links. Opt-in buttons are graphical elements that are placed on a website, encouraging visitors to click and opt-in. Opt-in QR codes are two-dimensional barcodes that, when scanned with a smart phone camera, redirect visitors to the opt-in link. Both opt-in buttons and QR codes can be customized to include the business' own social app credentials and custom domain, or they can choose to use the LiveLead default social apps and domain name. Once a visitor clicks on an opt-in link, they are directed to a consent screen from the chosen social network, where they can approve or deny the request for their social account information. If the visitor approves the request, their information, including email address and name, is collected and saved to the database. This information is then displayed on the user's dashboard and, if the user has entered the API key of their CRM or email automation tool, it will be sent to the external integration. The opt-in process also provides the visitor with access to locked resources promised by the business, such as an eBook and a free report. Additionally, LiveLead offers advanced features for agencies and resellers, such as the ability to create white labeled accounts to sell and set up for their clients, making it a great solution for businesses that want to offer their own branded lead collection services to their customers. Core Technology: LiveLead operates on a robust and cost-effective tech stack consisting of MeteorJS, MongoDB, NodeJS, JQuery, and Nginx servers running on Ubuntu. MeteorJS is a full-stack JavaScript platform that provides fast and reactive updates to the user interface, ensuring a seamless and smooth user experience. MongoDB is a NoSQL document-oriented database that provides high performance and scalability. It stores the lead information collected from the opt-in links, making it easily accessible and retrievable for the business. NodeJS is a JavaScript runtime environment that is designed for building scalable network applications, providing an efficient and effective means for communication between the different components of the software. 6 Table of Contents JQuery is a fast and concise JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversal and manipulation. It is used in LiveLead to add interactivity to the user interface and provide dynamic updates to the web page content. Nginx is a high-performance HTTP server that provides efficient request handling and is designed for web applications. It is used in LiveLead to handle incoming HTTP requests, providing fast and reliable response times. The combination of these technologies provides a powerful and scalable solution for businesses looking to collect leads through social sign-up and login APIs. Different Offers: LiveLead offers two different options for businesses to choose from: Done-for-you Social Opt-in: This option is designed for businesses that want to collect leads without having to do it themselves. LiveLead will handle the creation of opt-in links and the synchronization of leads to different CRMs or email marketing tools. Do it Yourself SaaS Tool: This option is designed for businesses that want to have more control over the creation of their opt-in links and the synchronization of leads. With this option, businesses have access to the full range of LiveLead's features and can create their own opt-in links and configure the synchronization of leads to their desired CRM or email marketing tool. How We Will Sell LiveLead: Currently at the initial stages of our growth, we rely on a combination of direct and indirect sales channels to market and sell our flagship product, LiveLead. Our direct sales approach will involve reaching out to businesses and providing personalized demonstrations of the software, highlighting its key features and benefits, and ultimately closing deals. As we grow and establish ourselves in the market, we plan to expand our direct sales team, bringing on talented and experienced sales professionals who can effectively communicate the value of LiveLead to businesses of all sizes and industries. In addition to direct sales, we will also leverage indirect sales channels to reach a wider audience and increase brand awareness. This will include building strategic partnerships with marketing agencies, technology firms, and other companies that serve the business community. Our goal is to develop mutually beneficial relationships that will allow us to access new markets, increase our visibility, and generate more leads. To further incentivize businesses to try our software, we are offering a free trial period, giving businesses the opportunity to test the platform and see the results for themselves before committing to a purchase. This approach allows us to demonstrate the value of LiveLead and provides businesses with the peace of mind that comes with knowing that they are making an informed decision. Where Do We Think Our Business Will Come From: As a development company, we are constantly seeking out the most effective channels for reaching and connecting with our target market. While we have a solid understanding of the sales channels we plan to utilize, we understand the importance of being flexible and adaptable in the early stages of our business. That's why we are continually testing and exploring new opportunities for growth. Our goal is to identify the channels that are most effective for reaching our target market and scaling our business over time. In addition to the traditional sales channels, we are also exploring innovative marketing strategies and utilizing the latest technology to enhance our reach and impact. Our approach is to be proactive, innovative, and always looking for new and effective ways to grow our business and reach our target customers. Business model: Live Lead Tech's business model is based on providing businesses with innovative solutions for lead generation. The company aims to streamline the lead generation process and make it more efficient for businesses. 7 Table of Contents The revenue model for LiveLead Tech is a subscription-based model where businesses pay a monthly or annual fee for access to the platform and its features. The fee structure will vary based on the number of opt-in links used, the number of leads generated, and In addition to the subscription fee, LiveLead Tech may also earn revenue through partnerships with other businesses in the marketing and lead generation space. The company may offer referral fees or commissions to these partners for any business they refer to Live Lead Tech. Live Lead Tech's target market includes small to medium-sized businesses that are looking to increase their lead generation efforts. The company's solution is ideal for businesses in a variety of industries, including real estate, e-commerce, education, and healthcare. By offering a unique and user-friendly solution for lead generation, LiveLead Tech aims to differentiate itself from its competitors and become a leader in the market. The company will invest in marketing and sales efforts to drive awareness and adoption of its platform among its target market. Other Sources of Revenue In addition to the main service offerings, Live Lead Tech has identified other sources of revenue that can complement our core business and provide additional value to our customers. One such opportunity is affiliate commissions from selling other companies' products to our business customers. By partnering with complementary businesses and promoting their products through our platform and customer base, we can earn a commission on any sales that result. This can provide a mutually beneficial relationship, as it allows our partners to tap into a new audience and gain exposure to potential customers, while we can generate additional revenue without having to directly develop or market the products ourselves. To capitalize on this opportunity, we plan to carefully select partner businesses that offer products that align with our customer base and align with our mission to provide value to our customers. We will negotiate favorable terms with our partners to ensure that we receive a fair commission on any sales generated and will provide ongoing support and marketing efforts to drive success for both ourselves and our partners. In addition, we will explore other revenue sources that may complement our core business, such as offering premium features or additional services to our customers or exploring new markets and customer segments. Our goal is to continuously evolve our business and find new ways to drive growth and create value for our customers. Strategic Plan: Key success factors for a leading global business lead generation technology brand The lead generation technology industry is rapidly growing with companies competing to provide the most effective and efficient solutions for businesses. Based on market research and the expertise of the Live Lead Tech management team, the company believes it can capture a significant market share in this industry. The following aspects are key elements of Live Lead Tech's strategic plan: To provide a user-friendly platform that can be easily accessible to businesses of all sizes; To utilize cutting-edge technology and data analytics to generate high-quality leads for business customers; To offer customized lead generation solutions based on the specific needs of each business customer; To have a strong network of partnerships and integrations with other lead generation and marketing technology tools; To provide exceptional customer service and support to ensure customer satisfaction and retention; To continuously innovate the platform and create new products to stay ahead of the competition. Live Lead Tech understands that success in this industry requires a combination of global reach and local responsiveness. The company plans to structure its operations as a global holding company with a network of subsidiary or affiliate partners in key markets. This will allow Live Lead Tech to tap into local market networks and offer tailored lead generation solutions while also leveraging economies of scale in technology and data infrastructure. 8 Table of Contents Positioning strategy: Leader in social opt-in As the demand for data privacy and opt-in solutions increases, it becomes crucial for startups like Live Lead Tech to establish a clear branding and positioning strategy in order to attract potential customers and partners. Live Lead Tech aims to be at the forefront of this trend by offering a cutting-edge SaaS tool that streamlines the social opt-in process for businesses. In order to achieve our goal of becoming the leader in social opt-in, we plan to leverage our reputation as a startup that is dedicated to educating the market about the importance and benefits of this approach. Our commitment to providing top-notch customer support and our willingness to collaborate with partners will set us apart from the competition. Additionally, we will adopt industry-leading marketing strategies to explain the value of our solution, using plain language and real-world examples to showcase how our tool can help businesses achieve their goals. Our marketing strategy will be fueled by a budget that allows us to be aggressive and creative and will include a cooperative marketing program with partners. Live Lead Tech values transparency, connection, and a focus on delivering value to our customers. These values will be at the core of our brand and will guide all of our business decisions as we work to establish ourselves as the go-to solution for social opt-in. Product strategy: "Reliable and trustworthy SaaS tool for social opt-in" At Live Lead Tech, our SaaS tool for social opt-in is one of the most crucial assets of the company. With our experience in the market, we aim to position ourselves as a reliable and trustworthy solution for businesses. To maintain our leading position, the following strategic developments will be required: Expand our offering with new and innovative features; Enhance the user experience by incorporating feedback from our customers; Make our SaaS tool accessible and easy to use for businesses of all sizes; and Maintain the highest level of security and privacy for our users. In addition to these developments, we recognize the importance of educating the market about social opt-in. This includes creating resources for businesses to understand the benefits of using our tool, as well as demonstrating the value we bring to the market. With our focus on providing a reliable and trustworthy solution, Live Lead Tech is dedicated to continuously improving our SaaS tool to meet the market s evolving needs. Other Relevant Information: LiveLead is designed to be a low-maintenance solution for businesses, with minimal costs for LiveLead Tech Ltd. The software is user-friendly, cloud-based, and requires no special expertise or coding knowledge to operate, making it easy for businesses to get started. The fully customizable platform allows businesses to tailor the system to their specific needs. Additionally, the opt-in links within LiveLead are unique and powerful for lead generation, as they can be placed anywhere online. To ensure success for businesses using LiveLead, we plan to offer a comprehensive support program, providing resources and guidance as needed. Additionally, Starguide Group Inc is actively in negotiations to acquire Software as a Service (SaaS) companies with a view towards being an active incubator for these startups. Our team is very active in these negotiations and are in the concluding stages of finalizing agreement for another SaaS company. Live Lead Tech Ltd has also generated its first revenues and the company expects further growth in the very near future. 9 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Not applicable. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We do not own any property. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES No report required. 10 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES MARKET INFORMATION As of May 15, 2023, the 2,868,000 issued and outstanding shares of common stock were held by a total of 6 shareholders of record. DIVIDENDS We have never paid or declared any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS We currently do not have any equity compensation plans. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not Applicable. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 11 Table of Contents RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for the year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, which are included herein. Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Changes Revenue - - - - Operating Expenses (44,520 (25,865 (18,655 72 Other expenses (35 - (35 - Net Loss (44,555 (25,865 (18,690 72 Our audited financial statements report a net loss of 44,555 for the year ended January 31, 2023 compared to a net loss of 25,865 for the year ended January 31, 2022. The increase in net loss during the year ended January 31, 2023 was mainly due to an increase in the operating expenses. Our operating expenses for the year ended January 31, 2023 were 44,520 compared to 25,865 for the year ended January 31, 2022..The operating expenses for the year ended January 31, 2023 mainly consists of accounting fees of 13,590, audit fees of 13,250 and management salaries to related party of 8,000. The increase in operating expenses was mainly attributed to the acquisition of subsidiaries during the year ended January 31, 2023.On December 8, 2022, the Company acquired 80 shares in Live Investments Holdings which owns 100 of Live Lead Tech Ltd, a cloud-based lead generation software corporation organized in Great Britain. LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION Working Capital As of As of January 31, January 31, 2023 2022 Changes Current Assets 2,933 1,805 1,128 62 Current Liabilities 157,605 10,667 146,938 1378 Working Capital Deficiency (154,672 (8,862 (145,810 1645 Our total current assets as of January 31, 2023 were 2,933 as compared to total current assets of 1,805 as of January 31, 2022 due to an increase in cash. Our total current liabilities as of January 31, 2023 were 157,605 as compared to total current liabilities of 10,667 as of January 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to an increase in due to related parties and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Our working capital deficit at January 31, 2023 was 154,672 as compared to working capital deficit of 8,862 as of January 31, 2022. The increase in working capital deficiency was mainly attributed to an increase in due to related parties and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 12 Table of Contents Cash Flows Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Changes Cash flows used in operating activities (36,638 (25,532 (11,106 43 Cash flows used in investing activities (112,499 - (112,499 - Cash flows provided by financing activities 150,483 6,540 143,943 2201 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (219 - (219 - Net changes in cash 1,128 (18,992 20,120 (106 Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was 36,638 for the year ended January 31, 2023 compared with net cash used in operating activities of 25,532 during the prior year. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the net cash used in operating activities was attributed to net loss of 44,555 reduced by depreciation of 796, an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 3,121 and an increase in management salary payable of 4,000. During the year ended January 31, 2022, the net cash used in operating activities was attributed to net loss of 25,532 reduced by depreciation of 268 and a decrease in prepaid expenses of 65. Investing Activities During the year ended January 31, 2023, we used 112,499 for investing activities comprised of acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired of 28,899 and purchase of property, plant and equipment of 83,600. During the year ended January 31, 2022, we did not have any investing activities. Financing Activities During the year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, net cash from financing activities was 150,483 and 6,540, respectively. During the year ended January 31, 2023, we received proceeds from related parties of 141,678 and proceeds from former director of 8,805. During the year ended January 31, 2022, we received proceeds from issuance of common stock of 3,540 and proceeds from related parties of 3,000. PLAN OF OPERATION AND FUNDING We expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds and further issuances of securities. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business. Existing working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations over the next twelve months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) developmental expenses associated with a start-up business and (ii) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities, and debt issuances. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 13 Table of Contents MATERIAL COMMITMENTS As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any material commitments. PURCHASE OF SIGNIFICANT EQUIPMENT We do not intend to purchase any significant equipment during the next twelve months. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. GOING CONCERN The independent auditors report accompanying our January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 financial statements contain an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates that we will realize our assets and satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. These financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recovery or classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the company be unable to continue as going concern. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable. 14 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (ID # F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022 F-5 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-6 15 Table of Contents MICHAEL GILLESPIE ASSOCIATES, PLLC CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS VANCOUVER, WA 98660 206.353.5736 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors Audit Committee: Starguide Group, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Starguide Group, Inc. as of January 31, 2023 and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholder s equity, cash flows, and the related notes (collectively referred to as financial statements for the fiscal year then ended. In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the fiscal years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, although the Company has limited operations it has yet to attain profitability. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regard to these matters is also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. PCAOB ID: 6108 May 14, 2023 F-1 Table of Contents STARGUIDE GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS January 31, January 31, 2023 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Due to related parties Total Current liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders Deficit: Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total deficit attributed to Starguide Group, Inc. Deficit attributed to non-controlling interest Total Stockholders' Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents STARGUIDE GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Revenue Operating expenses General and administrative expenses Management salaries - related party Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense): Other income Foreign exchange transaction loss Total other income (expense) Loss before income taxes Income tax provision Net Loss Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest Net loss attributable to Starguide Group, Inc Comprehensive loss Net loss Foreign currency adjustment Total comprehensive loss Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net comprehensive loss attributed to stockholders of Starguide Group, Inc. Basic and diluted net income per common share: Net income per common share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-3 Table of Contents STARGUIDE GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED JANUARY 31, 2023 and 2022 Common Stock Additional Accumulated Other Non- Total Stockholders' Number of Shares Amount Paid-in Capital Accumulated Defic it Comprehensive Loss Total controlling Interest Equity (Deficit) Balance - January 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock for cash Net loss - Balance - January 31, 2022 Acquisition of subsidiaries - Loan forgiveness by related party - Foreign currency translation adjustments - Net loss - Balance - January 31, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents STARGUIDE GROUP, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended January 31, 2023 2022 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Management salary payable Net cash used in operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Acquisitions of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired Purchase of property, plant and equipment Net cash used in investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from related parties Proceeds from former director Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activity: Debt forgiven by related party The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents STARGUIDE GROUP, INC. NOTES TO AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS JANUARY 31, 2023 shares of Common Stock of the Company to Northeast International Holdings Limited. As a result of the acquisition, Northeast International Holdings Limited holds approximately of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, and as such it is able to unilaterally control the election of our board of directors, all matters upon which shareholder approval is required and, ultimately, the direction of our Company. Also on May 16, 2022, the previous sole officer and director of the company, Vicky Sharma, resigned his positions with the Company. Upon such resignations, Lu Mei Xian was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, and sole Director of the Company. The Company intends to be an incubator of Software as a Service (Saas) startups and is in active discussions with multiple SaaS businesses. The Company s goal is to identify and locate SaaS businesses with the potential to grow, and to bring them under the Starguide corporate umbrella. On December 8, 2022, the Company acquired shares in Live Investments Holdings, a corporation organized in Great Britain located in London, in exchange for sixteen thousand dollars on closing. Live Investments Holdings Ltd. owns of Live Lead Tech Ltd, a cloud-based lead generation software corporation organized in Great Britain located in London. As a result of the acquisition of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Live Investments Holdings Ltd, the Company have now assumed Live Investments Holdings Ltd s business operations as a majority-owned subsidiary and on a consolidated basis. and a net loss of for the year ended January 31, 2023. The Company did not generate revenues during the year ended January 31, 2023. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Management believes that the current actions to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plans provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. There are no assurances that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. F-6 Table of Contents Basis of Consolidation Foreign Currency Translations n/a Average GBP: USD exchange rate n/a F-7 Table of Contents Business Combinations Cash and Cash Equivalents Related Parties Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-8 Table of Contents Property, Plant and Equipment years Computer Equipment years Computer Software years Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Improvements of a major nature are capitalized. At the time of retirement or other disposition of property and equipment, the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gains or losses are reflected in income. The long-lived assets of the Company are reviewed for impairment in accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. During the year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, no impairment losses have been identified. F-9 Table of Contents Goodwill Net Income (Loss) per Share Income Taxes F-10 Table of Contents . This topic also provides guidance on the accounting for related interest and penalties, financial statement classification and disclosure. The Company s policy is that any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in income tax expense when incurred. The Company has no uncertain tax positions or related interest or penalties requiring accrual at January 31, 2023 (see Note 9). Lease Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements shares in Live Investments Holdings, a corporation organized in Great Britain located in London, in exchange for sixteen thousand dollars on closing. Live Investments Holdings Ltd owns of Live Lead Tech Ltd, a cloud-based lead generation software corporation organized in Great Britain located in London. As a result of the acquisition of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Live Investments Holdings Ltd, the Company have now assumed Live Investments Holdings Ltd s business operations as a majority-owned subsidiary and on a consolidated basis. F-11 Table of Contents Bank Equipment Prepaid Expense Total identifiable assets Due to related parties Total identifiable liabilities Net assets (liabilities) Non-controlling interest Total net assets (liabilities) Goodwill Additions January 31, 2023 Accumulated Depreciation Office Equipment Computer Equipment Computer Software Total January 31, 2022 Additions January 31, 2023 Net book value Office Equipment Computer Equipment Computer Software Total January 31, 2022 January 31, 2023 Depreciation expense for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 amounted to and , respectively. F-12 Table of Contents Due to former director and to the Company to support business operation costs, respectively. In pursuant to the loan waiver agreement entered on February 7, 2022, loan amount of was forgiven during the year ended January 31, 2023. As of January 31, 2023, the amount due to the former director was . During the year ended January 31, 2023, Northeast International Holdings Limited, majority shareholder of the Company upon the change of control on May 16, 2022, advanced to the Company which includes operating cost of , acquisition of software of and consideration of for the acquisition of Live Investments Holdings Ltd. As of January 31, 2023, the amount due to the majority shareholder of the Company of . During the year ended January 31, 2023, the director of Live Investments Holding Ltd. advanced to the Company to support operation costs. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company accrued management salary of for January 2023. As of January 31, 2023, the amount due to the director of Live Investments Holding Ltd. was . As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, the total amount due to related parties was and , respectively. shares at par value. F-13 Table of Contents shares of its common stock at per share for total proceeds of . As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, the issued and outstanding common stock was shares. and Great Britain income tax rate at to the income tax amount recorded for the years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: Statutory tax rate Deferred tax asset Less: Valuation allowance Net deferred asset As of January 31, 2023, the Company has approximately of net operating losses NOL generated to January 31, 2023 . NOLs generated in the United States for tax years prior to December 31, 2017, can be carried forward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely in USA and can be carried forward for four years in Great Britain. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation allowance against all of the deferred tax assets relating to NOLs for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Utilization of the NOL carry forwards may be subject to an annual limitation due to ownership change limitations that may have occurred or that could occur in the future, as required by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). These ownership changes may limit the amount of the NOL carry forwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change as defined by Section 382 of the Code results from a transaction or series of transactions over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 percentage points of the outstanding stock of a company by certain stockholders. Tax returns for the years ended 2018 through 2023 are subject to review by the tax authorities. F-14 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e)) within the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that as a result of material weaknesses related to lack of segregation of duties and multiple levels of review over the financial reporting process, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the last quarterly period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 16 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The name, age and titles of our executive officer and director are as follows: Name and Address Age Positions Lu Mei Xian 50 President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Sole Director Guangxi Province, Laibin City, Xing-bin District, Qiao-fan cun, Qiao-fan jie 190 hao, 546100 China Vicky Sharma (1) 41 President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Sole Director 275 Jatwda, Dasna Gate near Old Bus Stand Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, India 201002 (1) Effective May 16, 2022, the previous sole officer and director of the company, Vicky Sharma, resigned his positions with the Company. Upon his resignations, Lu Mei Xian was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, and sole Director of the Company. Background Information About Our Officers and Directors Lu Mei Xian has an extensive background in finance and corporate management, and previously served as the Financial Controller of Qingdao Liyongfa Logistics Co. Ltd. from March 2011 to 2020. Prior to this appointment, Miss Lu served as financial operations manager in Hongquan Unitop Logistics Co. Vicky Sharma has acted as our President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director since our incorporation on February 21, 2017. In 2003 Mr. Sharma graduated from Ch. Charan Singh University with bachelor s degree in management. Since 2009, he has been working as an accountant at Niagania Steels PVT. LDT., Ghaziabad, India. Mr. Sharma has never been in default with the bank or government and does not have any pending litigations or claims. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our officers and directors. Legal Proceedings To our knowledge, (i) no director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years; (ii) no director or executive officer has been convicted of a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years; (iii) no director or executive officer has been the subject of any order, judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities during the past ten years; and (iv) no director or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years. 17 Table of Contents Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers, and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers, and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). We are required to disclose delinquent filings of reports by such persons. Based solely on our review of certain reports filed with the SEC pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors, and 10 or greater beneficial stockholders were met during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022. Corporate Governance Board Committees and Charters Our board of directors does not maintain a separate audit, nominating and corporate governance or compensation committee. Functions customarily performed by such committees are performed by our board of directors as a whole. We do not currently have an audit committee financial expert since we currently do not have an audit committee. Code of Business Conduct We have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller. We only have one officer and director and do not believe we need a code of ethics at this time. Board Diversity While we do not have a formal policy on diversity, our board of directors considers diversity to include the skill set, background, reputation, type and length of business experience of our board of directors members, as well as, a particular nominee s contributions to that mix. Our board of directors believes that diversity brings a variety of ideas, judgments, and considerations that can benefit our stockholders and us. Stockholder Communications We do not have a formal policy regarding communications with our board of directors, or for the consideration of director candidates recommended by stockholders. To date, no stockholders have made any such recommendations. 18 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following tables set forth certain information about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by our Executive Officer for the years ended January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022: Summary Compensation Table Non-qualified Non-Equity Deferred All Stock Option Incentive Plan Compensation Other Name Positions Year Salary Bonus Awards Awards Compensation Earnings Compensation Totals Lu Mei Xian President, Secretary, CEO, CFO, Director 2022 - - - - - - - - 2021 - - - - - - - - Vicky Sharma Former President, Secretary, CEO, CFO, Director 2022 - - - - - - - - 2021 - - - - - - - - Hoang Lo Director of Live Investments Holdings 2022 8,000 - - - - - - 8,000 2021 - - - - - - - - There are no current employment agreements between the company and its officer. There are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to the officer or director or employees in the event of retirement at normal retirement date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or contributed to by the company or any of its subsidiaries, if any. Changes In Control We are not aware of any arrangements that may result in changes in control as that term is defined by the provisions of Item 403 of Regulation S. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially based on 2,868,000 shares issued and outstanding as of May 15, 2023 by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) members of our Board of Directors, and or (iii) our executive officers. Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of class Common Stock Northeast International Holdings Limited 2nd Floor College House 17 King Edwards Road, Ruislip, London U.K. HA4 7AE 2,000,000 shares of common stock (direct) 69.73 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 2,000,000 shares of common stock (direct) 69.73 The percent of class is based on 2,868,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of May 15, 2023. 19 Table of Contents ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Certain Relationships and Related Transactions During the year ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, the former director of the Company, who resigned on May 16, 2022, advanced 8,805 and 3,000 to the Company to support business operation costs, respectively. In pursuant to the loan waiver agreement entered on February 7, 2022, loan amount of 10,667 was forgiven during the year ended January 31, 2023. As of January 31, 2023, the amount due to the former director was 8,805. During the year ended January 31, 2023, Northeast International Holdings Limited, majority shareholder of the Company upon the change of control on May 16, 2022, advanced 138,513 to the Company which includes operating cost of 41,740, acquisition of software of 80,774 and consideration of 16,000 for the 80 acquisition of Live Investments Holdings Ltd. As of January 31, 2023, the amount due to the majority shareholder of the Company of 138,513. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the director of Live Investments Holding Ltd. advanced 3,165 to the Company to support operation costs. During the year ended January 31, 2023, the Company accrued management salary of 4,000 for January 2023. As of January 31, 2023, the amount due to the director of Live Investments Holding Ltd. was 7,165. As of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, the total amount due to related parties was 145,678 and 10,667, respectively. Review, Approval and Ratification of Related Party Transactions Given our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officer(s), Director(s) and significant stockholders. We intend to establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors, so that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee thereof. On a moving forward basis, our director will continue to approve any related party transaction. Director Independence Our Board of Directors is currently composed of a single member, Lu Mei Xian, who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and for fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Year Ended Year Ended January 31, January 31, Fee Category 2023 2022 Audit Fees 13,250 3,615 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - 13,250 3,615 All Other Fees - - Total Fees 13,250 3,615 Audit committee policies procedures We do not currently have a standing audit committee. The above services were approved by our Board of Directors. Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 20 Table of Contents ITEM 15. EXHIBITS The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report. 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 32.1 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 21 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. STARGUIDE GROUP, INC. Dated: May 15, 2023 By: /s/Lu ei Xian Lu Mei Xian President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Dated: May 15, 2023 /s/Lu Mei Xian Lu Mei Xian President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 star_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 star_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 GPO PLUS, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Lu Mei Xian, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Starguide Group, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. By: /s/ Lu Mei Xian Lu Mei Xian President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Dated: May 15, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 star_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 star_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Starguide Group, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. By: /s/ Lu Mei Xian Lu Mei Xian President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Dated: May 15, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 strg-20230131.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 strg-20230131_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 strg-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 strg-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

