<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230413_10-K_edgar_data_1089815_0001140361-23-018265.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6247749</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117925</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>876591</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1969679</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1488082</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1580646</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-018265.hdr.sgml : 20230413
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230413171446
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-018265
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230413
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230413

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001089815
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-SPECIALTY OUTPATIENT FACILITIES, NEC [8093]
		IRS NUMBER:				521842411
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26575
		FILM NUMBER:		23819119

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2400 RESEARCH BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 325
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3012088998

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2400 RESEARCH BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 325
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	US NEUROSURGICAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990630

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-018265.txt : 20230413

10-K
 1
 brhc10051212_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from to .

Commission file number: 

(Name of small business issuer in its charter)

(State of other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Issuer s telephone number: ) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:

None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act:

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for
 such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
 submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein and will not be contained, to the best of
 registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
 control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 the aggregate market value of issuer s Common Stock held by non-affiliates was approximately , based upon the closing price as reported on the OTC Pink marketplace for that day.

As of March 28, 2023, there were outstanding 
 shares of the issuer s Common Stock. .01 par value.

Documents incorporated by reference: None

FORM 10-K

U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc.

Form 10-K for the Fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

Table of Contents

PART I 

3 

Item 1.

Business. 

3 

Item 1A.

Risk Factors. 

12

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments. 

16

Item 2.

Properties. 

16

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings. 

16

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

16

PART II 

17 

Item 5.

Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

17

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data 

17

Item 7.

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

18

Item 7A.

Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

20

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

20

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

47 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures. 

47 

Item 9B.

Other Information. 

49 

PART III 

49 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

49 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation. 

51 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

52 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

53 

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

 53 

PART IV 

53 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

53 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business. 

U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc. owns and operates, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, stereotactic radiosurgery centers, utilizing gamma knife technology, and holds other interests in
 radiological treatment facilities. As used herein, unless the context indicates otherwise, the term "Company", "Registrant" and "Holdings" means U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, U.S. NeuroSurgical, Inc. USN ),
 and the wholly-owned subsidiaries of USN, U.S. NeuroSurgical Physics, Inc. and USN Corona, Inc. and the majority-owned subsidiary of USN, Elite Health Plan, Inc.

USN, a Delaware corporation, was formed in July 1993. Until September 1999, USN was a wholly owned subsidiary of GHS, Inc. GHS ). Effective September 17, 1999, GHS distributed its shares of
 USN to the stockholders of GHS.

On September 3, 2015, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the Merger Agreement ), dated as of
 September 3, 2015, by and among USN, Holdings and U.S. NeuroSurgical Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub ), the Company adopted a new holding company organizational structure whereby USN is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings. This structure did not result in any changes to the assets or operations of the Company, but management believes that it will create a more flexible framework for possible future
 transactions and organizational and operational adjustments. 

The holding company organizational structure was effected by a merger (the Merger conducted pursuant to Section 251(g) of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the
 DGCL ), which provides for the formation of a holding company structure without a vote of the stockholders of the constituent corporations. Because the holding company organizational structure occurred at the parent company level, the
 remainder of the Company s subsidiaries, operations and customers were not affected by this transaction.

In order to effect the Merger, USN formed Holdings as its wholly owned subsidiary and Holdings formed Merger Sub as its wholly owned subsidiary. Under the terms of the
 Merger Agreement, Merger Sub merged with and into USN, with USN surviving the merger and becoming a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings. Immediately prior to the Merger, Holdings had no assets, liabilities or operations.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, all of the outstanding capital stock of USN was converted, on a share for share basis, into capital stock of Holdings. As a result, each
 former stockholder of USN became the owner of an identical number of shares of capital stock of Holdings, evidencing the same proportional interests in Holdings and having the same designations, rights, powers and preferences, qualifications,
 limitations and restrictions, as those that the stockholder held in USN.

Following the Merger, Holdings common stock continued to trade on the over-the-counter market and continued to be quoted on the OTC Pink marketplace under the same symbol,
 USNU. The conversion of shares of capital stock under the Merger Agreement occurred without an exchange of physical certificates. Accordingly, physical certificates formerly representing shares of outstanding capital stock of USN are deemed
 to represent the same number of shares of capital stock of Holdings.

3 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to Section 251(g) of the DGCL, the provisions of the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Holdings are substantially identical to those of USN prior to the
 date on which the Merger Agreement took effect. The authorized capital stock of Holdings, the designations, rights, powers and preferences of such capital stock, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof are also substantially
 identical to those of the capital stock of USN immediately prior to the date of the Merger. Further, the directors and executive officers of Holdings are the same individuals who were directors and executive officers, respectively, of USN
 immediately prior to the date of the Merger.

The Company's executive offices are located at 2400 Research Boulevard, Suite 325, Rockville, Maryland 20850, and its telephone number is (301) 208-8998.

Disclosure Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain. Actual performance and results may differ materially from that projected or suggested herein due to certain risks and uncertainties including, without limitation,
 the timing and ultimate collectability of accounts receivable for gamma knife procedures from different payor groups such as Medicare and private payors; competition; technological obsolescence; government regulation and malpractice liability. 
 Additional information concerning certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from that projected or suggested are included in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and may also be identified from time to time in the
 Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the Company s public announcements, copies of which are available from the SEC or from the Company upon request.

General 

The Company and its predecessors have owned and operated stereotactic radiosurgery centers, utilizing gamma knife technology since 1993. From July 1997 through March 2021, the Company held an
 interest in and operated a gamma knife center on the premises of New York University Medical Center NYU in New York, New York. In January 2009, the Company, through its noncontrolling interest in Corona Gamma Knife, LLC, participated in the
 opening of a new center, the Southern California Regional Gamma Knife Center, at the San Antonio Regional Hospital SARH in Upland, California.

The Company s business model, directly and through its minority-owned business units, has been to own, or hold interests in, the gamma knife and radiation treatment centers, and charge the
 hospital or medical facility, where the unit is housed and maintained, based on utilization. During 2018, the Company s arrangement with its only customer met the criteria for classification as a sales type lease, and the Company was deemed to
 have sold its sole gamma knife.

During the fourth quarter of 2007, the Company formed a new wholly owned subsidiary, USN Corona, Inc. USNC ), to carry investments in Corona Gamma Knife, LLC and NeuroPartners, LLC. Those
 business units were formed to develop and manage the gamma knife center at SARH.

4 

Table of Contents 

The Company's principal target market is medical centers in major health care catchment areas that have physicians experienced with and dedicated to the use of the gamma knife. As it has with
 the NYU and SARH gamma knife centers, if circumstances support the opening of additional centers, the Company would seek, through the formation of a joint venture, cooperative ventures with these facilities.

The Company estimates that, as of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 120 gamma knife treatment centers in the U.S.

During 2010, through the formation of a joint venture, in which it has a noncontrolling interest, the Company expanded its market strategy to include opportunities to develop cancer centers
 featuring radiation therapy. These centers utilize linear accelerators with IMRT (Intensity Modulated Radiation Therapy) and IGRT (Image Guided Radiation Therapy) capabilities. In 2010, the Company formed Florida Oncology Partners, LLC FOP in partnership with local physicians and other investors. USNC owns a 24 interest in the venture. FOP s first center was located in Miami, Florida and opened in the second quarter of 2011.

In 2015, Medical Oncology Partners LLC MOP ), was formed in partnership with local physicians and other investors. MOP was established to acquire a 100 equity interest in United Oncology
 Medical Associates of Florida, LLC UOMA USNC was not initially a member of MOP as it was legally not able to participate due to the fact that USNC was not a physician. Paperwork was filed for a waiver and on December 22, 2016, USNC was
 cleared to become a part owner of MOP. On December 31, 2022, MOP/UOMA sold their assets to One Care Oncology Partners, LLC for 2,060,000. USN Corona netted approximately 1.3 million from the proceeds for management fees to date. Because the
 31st occurred on a Saturday, the funds were not received until January 1, 2023. Some funds were held in escrow until post-closing adjustments were made.

Late in 2016, FOP took initial steps toward the development of a new radiation therapy center in Homestead, Florida. However, late in the third quarter of 2017, it was determined that the
 business opportunity at this new location should be pursued by a different investor group, and FOP arranged to sell the opportunity to this group. CB Oncology Partners, LLC, CBOP was organized September 1, 2017 to acquire the rights of the
 new center from FOP.

In June 2017, FOP entered into an agreement with a third-party owner of a radiation therapy center located in Miami, Florida, whereby FOP took over the operation of the center. The intent was for
 FOP to operate the center for at least 10 years, but in June 2019 FOP ceased operations at the center, after continued losses at the site and lack of success in good faith efforts to renegotiate the agreement after several months of discussion.
 On September 21, 2021, FOP filed Articles of Dissolution with the Florida Department of State and they were recorded on September 22, 2021. On November 24, 2021, the third-party owner filed a Voluntary Motion to Dismiss their lawsuit against FOP,
 and on December 11, 2021, it was accepted and recorded by the court. FOP is fully dissolved.

5 

Table of Contents 

The Company has been exploring opportunities to expand to other businesses that could benefit its current operations and relationships. Effective October 1, 2021, U.S. NeuroSurgical, Inc.
 USN ), the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, acquired all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Elite Health Plan, Inc., a California corporation Elite Health and, in exchange therefor, the former holders of Elite Health were
 issued newly-issued shares of USN, which following the transaction represent 15 of the outstanding shares of USN. Elite Health currently has no revenue and will not be in a position to generate revenue for an indefinite period while it seeks to
 obtain a license to operate a Medicare Advantage Plan in California. The success of Elite Health will depend on obtaining all necessary approvals and gaining access to a competent network of providers and enrolling a critical level of
 subscribers.

Gamma Knife Technology 

The gamma knife is a unique stereotactic radiosurgical device used to treat brain tumors and other malformations of the brain without invasive surgery. The gamma knife delivers a single, high
 dose of ionizing radiation emanating from 201 cobalt-60 sources positioned about a hemispherical, precision machined cavity. The lesion is first targeted with precision accuracy using advanced imaging and three-dimensional treatment planning
 techniques such as CT Scans, MR Scans, conventional X-rays, or angiography. Each individual beam is focused on a common target producing an intense concentration of radiation at the target site, destroying the lesion while spreading the entry
 radiation dose uniformly and harmlessly over the patient's skull. The mechanical precision at the target site is +/- 0.1mm (1/10 of 1 millimeter). Because of the steep fall-off in the radiation intensity surrounding the target, the lesion can
 be destroyed, while sparing the surrounding tissue.

The procedure, performed in a single treatment, sharply reduces hospital stay times and eliminates post-surgical bleeding and infection. When compared with conventional neurosurgery, gamma knife
 treatment is less expensive. However, not all patients are candidates for radiosurgery since the decision to use the gamma knife depends on the type, size, and location of the lesion.

Linear Accelerators 

A linear particle accelerator (LINAC) is a type of particle accelerator that greatly increases the velocity of charged subatomic particles or ions by subjecting the charged particles to a series
 of oscillating electric potentials along a linear beamline. LINACs accelerate electrons using a tuned-cavity waveguide, in which the RF (radio frequency) power creates a standing wave. Some LINACs have short, vertically mounted waveguides, while
 higher energy machines tend to have a horizontal, longer waveguide and a bending magnet to turn the beam vertically towards the patient. Medical LINACs use monoenergetic electron beams between 4 and 25 MeV, giving an X-ray output with a spectrum
 of energies up to and including the electron energy when the electrons are directed at a high-density (such as tungsten) target. The electrons or X-rays can be used to treat both benign and malignant disease.

The intensity of the radiation in IMRT can be changed during treatment to spare more adjoining normal tissue than is spared during conventional radiation therapy. Because of this an increased
 dose of radiation can be delivered to the tumor using IMRT. IMRT is a type of conformal radiation, which shapes radiation beams to closely approximate the shape of the tumor.

6 

Table of Contents 

IGRT is used to help better deliver radiation therapy to cancerous tumors. This is very useful since tumors can move between treatments due to differences in organ filling or movements while
 breathing. IGRT involves conformal radiation treatment guided by specialized imaging tests, such as CT scans, ultrasound or X-rays. These tests are done in the treatment room just before the patient is to receive his or her daily radiation
 therapy treatment.

New York Gamma Knife Center 

The Company s New York gamma knife treatment center was opened in July 1997 on the campus of NYU, and the Company held an interest in and operated the center until March 2022. The Company
 installed a new Leksell gamma knife, the PERFEXION model, at the NYU Medical Center in March 2009 in replacement of the older gamma knife equipment

In October 2012, the Company s facility at NYU was totally destroyed as a result of flooding from Hurricane Sandy. The gamma knife had to be removed to prevent any cobalt leakage that might occur
 due to rusting of the equipment.

The Company finalized arrangements with NYU regarding the restoration of the gamma knife center and entered into an amendment to the original Gamma Knife Neuroradiosurgery Equipment Agreement
 NYU Agreement ). The NYU facility was rebuilt and reopened in the Tisch Hospital of NYU Langone Medical Center. The Company generated revenue from the restored gamma knife center under the NYU contract until March 2021, at which time the NYU
 contract ended and title to the gamma knife transferred to NYU.

NYU paid the Company a scheduled fee based on the number of patient procedures performed.

In 2016, the Company entered into an agreement with Elekta for the installation of new ICON imaging technology for the NYU Gamma Knife. This ICON technology was installed during the month of July
 2016 and the gamma knife center reopened on August 5, 2016. The Company entered into a four-year lease to finance the acquisition of the ICON technology and associated installation costs. The two parties also agreed for USN to receive a fixed
 monthly payment of 30,000 for the remaining term of the agreement through March 2021.

In September 2017, the Company and NYU entered into an additional amendment to the NYU Agreement, whereby NYU committed to purchase all of the gamma knife equipment at the NYU Medical Center for
 a purchase price of 2,400,000, with 41 monthly installments of 50,000 from October 2017 through February 2021, and a final payment of 350,000 on March 31, 2021. Previously, the NYU agreement ended on March 17, 2021 and NYU had an option to
 purchase the gamma knife equipment at the estimated future value of the equipment at that time. In June 2017, the Company obtained an independent estimate of 2,570,000 for the fair value of the equipment in March 2021.

With the September 2017 amendment, the Company became obligated to reload the cobalt for the gamma knife at its own expense and bear the cost of site work involved in reloading the cobalt. In July 2018, the Company entered into an agreement with Elekta for the cobalt reload on the NYU gamma. This cobalt reload occurred in July 2018, and the gamma knife center reopened on August 6, 2018. All cobalt
 related costs were finalized by October 1, 2018. As a result of the Company satisfying its obligation to reload the cobalt, the agreement with NYU met the criteria to be classified as a sales type lease. In addition, the Company is now no
 longer obligated to restore the NYU facility to its original condition. Accordingly, all related assets and the asset retirement obligation were derecognized effective October 1, 2018. 

7 

Table of Contents 

All conditions of the agreement were met, and the contract expired on March 31, 2021.

The Southern California Regional Gamma Knife Center 

During 2007, the Company, through a noncontrolling interest in joint ventures, managed the formation of the Southern California Regional Gamma Knife Center at San Antonio Regional Hospital
 SARH in Upland, California. Corona Gamma Knife, LLC CGK is party to a 14-year agreement with SARH to renovate space in the hospital and install and operate a Leksell PERFEXION gamma knife. CGK leases the gamma knife from NeuroPartners
 LLC, which holds the gamma knife equipment. In addition to returns on its ownership interests, USNC expects to receive fees for management services relating to the facility.

USNC is a 20 owner of NeuroPartners LLC and owns 39 of CGK.

USNC was a 20 guarantor on NeuroPartners LLC s seven-year lease with respect to the gamma knife equipment and certain leasehold improvements at SARH. In February 2016, NeuroPartners LLC
 negotiated a new five-year lease to fund the reloading of cobalt and related construction services. The new lease of 1,663,000 included a balance of 668,000 from the prior lease obligations. This new lease was payable over 60 months. The
 first payment of 31,000 was paid on April 1, 2016, and the final payment was paid in March 2021, removing USNC s guarantee obligation.

Construction of the SARH gamma knife center was completed in December 2008 and the first patient was treated in January 2009. The project has been funded principally by outside investors. While
 the Company, through its joint ventures, has led the effort in organizing the business and overseeing the development and operation of the SARH center, its investment to date in the SARH center has been minimal.

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s recorded loss in investment of NeuroPartners LLC and CGK was 0 and 10,000, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
 Company s equity in loss of NeuroPartners LLC and CGK was 133,000 and 36,000, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due from these related parties was 7,000 and 6,000, respectively.

Future Gamma Knife Centers 

The Company is currently exploring other opportunities for gamma knife centers and centers that provide related healthcare services located near hospitals throughout the United States. 
 Discussions regarding such centers is preliminary and there can be no assurance that any such discussions will result in the opening of new centers.

Boca Oncology Partners 

During the quarter ended June 30, 2011, the Company, through the formation of a joint venture, in which it had a noncontrolling interest, participated in the formation of Boca Oncology Partners,
 LLC BOP ), for the purpose of owning and operating a cancer center in Boca Raton, Florida. In June 2011, Boca Oncology Partners RE, LLC BOPRE ), an affiliated entity, purchased a 20 interest in Boca West IMP, LLC, Boca West IMP ), owner
 of a medical office building in West Boca, Florida in which BOP operates. BOP occupies 6,000 square feet of the 32,000 square foot building. The Company invested 225,000 initially and had a 22.5 
 interest in BOP and BOPRE. In February 2014, the Company and other members sold their interests in BOP.

8 

Table of Contents 

In June 2012, BOPRE purchased an additional 3.75 of Boca West IMP from another investor bringing its total interest to 23.75 . BOPRE accounts for this investment under the cost method since it
 does not exercise significant influence over Boca West, IMP.

During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, several investors relinquished part of their ownership interest in BOPRE, and those interests were distributed among the remaining investors in relationship to their
 percentages owned. During 2021 an additional member relinquished its ownership to USNC. As a result, the Company now holds a 23.1 ownership interest in BOPRE, which it accounts for under the equity method. The Company s recorded investment in
 BOPRE is 157,000 and 152,000, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

USNC was a 10 guarantor of 50 of the outstanding balance of Boca West IMP s ten-year mortgage. This mortgage had an original balance of 3,000,000 and is secured by the medical office building
 in which BOP operates. In April 2020, the partners of Boca West IMP refinanced the mortgage in order to recover some of the cash that was invested before the building was completely occupied and removed USNC as a guarantor.

Medical Oncology Partners 

In April 2015, MOP was formed in partnership with local physicians and other investors. MOP was established to acquire a 100 equity interest in UOMA. USNC was not a member of MOP at the time of
 formation as it was not able to participate due to the fact that USNC was not a physician. Nevertheless, USNC wished to eventually obtain an equity interest in MOP and loaned Dr. Jaime Lozano, the principal investor in MOP and a co-investor in
 FOP, 173,000. Dr. Lozano used these funds, along with an equal amount of his own funds (a total of 345,000), to purchase a 76.67 interest in MOP. Other investors paid a further 105,000 for the remaining equity in MOP. MOP used the 450,000
 of financing to acquire a 100 equity interest in UOMA. An application was filed for a waiver to allow USNC to hold an equity interest notwithstanding the physician requirement and on December 22, 2016, USNC was cleared to become a part owner of
 MOP. Dr. Lozano agreed to exchange half of his membership interest to USNC in settlement of the note to USNC. USNC and Dr. Lozano also agreed to share equally in providing a 5 equity interest in MOP to an additional investor as a consulting fee
 for services rendered in the administration of MOP and UOMA. At December 22, 2016, USNC owned 35.83 of MOP with an initial carrying value of 161,000. The Company recorded its share of losses of 12,000 for the period from December 22, 2016 to
 December 31, 2016, against its investment which resulted in a reduction of its equity investment to 149,000.

Due to increasing costs, continued net losses since April 2015, and reliance on related party and other debt for operating cash flows, the fair value of UOMA is less than it s carrying amount.
 The Company tested its investment for impairment at December 31, 2016 and determined that the investment was impaired, and an impairment loss was recorded against the entire equity balance in MOP, as well as loans from USN and USNC to MOP and
 UOMA. 

9 

Table of Contents 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company's equity in loss of MOP was 231,000, but was not recorder due to prior losses.

On December 31, 2022 MOP/UOMA sold their assets to One Care Oncology Partners, LLC for 2,060,000. USN Corona netted approximately 1.3 million from the proceeds for management fees to date.
 Because the 31st occurred on a Saturday, the funds were not received until January 3, 2023. Some funds were held in escrow until post-closing adjustments were made.

CB Oncology Partners 

CBOP was organized September 1, 2017, to acquire the rights of the new center from FOP. USNC originally had a 24 equity interest in CBOP. Beginning in October of 2017, CBOP began paying the
 remainder of the costs associated with opening the center. CBOP had no assets at the end of 2017. The medical center opened and treated its first patient in January of 2018.

Effective November 15, 2019, FOP transferred to, and CBOP assumed, a loan with BB T bank, that it had entered into in order to finance the purchase of equipment and build out of the new
 center, as well as the associated property and equipment. In addition, CBOP and BB T agreed to reduce the monthly loan repayments for the next nine months, and to extend the term of the loan from November 2024 to July 2025. In July 2020 CBOP
 and BB T further agreed to reduce the monthly payments for the life of the loan and extended the loan to July of 2027.

In June 2020, CBOP made a 500,000 capital call to its members. UNSC converted previously-made advances totaling 121,000 into equity in CBOP to meet its capital requirement, and other members
 contributed 212,000 in cash. The remaining capital contributions are not expected to be met and, accordingly, the Company s equity interest in CBOP increased to 28.58 in June 2020.

During the second quarter of 2022 the Company wrote off all amounts due and accrued interest thereon, from CB resulting in a
 919,000 loss. During the remainder of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company advanced an additional 163,000, less 156,000 of allowances, for a net receivable of 6,000. These allowances and write offs were recorded as losses from
 investments in unconsolidated entities. Amounts due from CBOP at December 31, 2021, total 2,174,000 of outstanding principal, less 1,251,000 of allowances, for a net receivable of 923,000 all of which is included in due from related parties on
 the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company records increases in the allowance, when applicable, as a component of loss from investments in unconsolidated entities and as a deduction in interest income for interest earned. For the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's equity in loss of CBOP was 191,000 and 91,000, respectively, but was not recorded due to prior losses.

10 

Table of Contents 

Due to loans made to CBOP, CBOP is considered to be a variable interest entity of the Company. However, as the Company is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of CBOP, since it does not have
 the power to direct the operating activities that most significantly affect CBOP s economic performance, the entity is not consolidated, but certain disclosures are provided herein.

Strategy for Participation in Cancer Treatment 

As a result of the Company s experiences over the past few years, the Company, through unconsolidated joint ventures, has expanded its focus to the broader based cancer treatment market. In
 order to reduce the risk and broaden its opportunities for profitable growth, the Company, through unconsolidated joint ventures, where possible, has been pursuing partnerships with local investors/providers to develop and operate oncology
 centers that utilize LINACs to treat cancers in the whole body. The Company also continues to evaluate opportunities to develop additional gamma knife facilities. FOP, BOP and the Southern California Regional Gamma Knife Center typify this
 strategy.

Elite Health Plan 

Under the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement that USN, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into with Elite Health and its shareholders, USN acquired all of the outstanding shares of
 capital stock of Elite Health and, in exchange therefor, the former holders of Elite Health received newly-issued shares of USN, representing 15 of the shares of USN following the transaction.

The transaction with Elite Health was structured as an investment by Elite Health shareholders in USN, and as such did not have an immediate effect on the percentage ownership of the shareholders
 of the Company. However, the Company s interest in USN, which currently holds substantially all of the interest in the Company s businesses and operations, was effectively diluted by 15 as a result of the issuance of the new USN shares to the
 former holders of Elite Health. In addition, the Company agreed with the former Elite Health shareholders that if there is no trading market for the shares of USN after six months from the closing of the transaction, such holders may request
 that the Company take steps that would give such holders access to the public trading market, which could be accomplished at the Company s election through an exchange of such holders shares for Company shares.

Elite Health is a private company with a limited operating history. It was formed in 2017 with the purpose of establishing a managed care organization that will operate as a Medicare Advantage
 plan for seniors. It is expected that Elite Health will operate in California, initially San Bernadino, Riverside, and Orange Counties, with the objective of addressing the growing number of Medicare eligible seniors in those markets. Because
 of the collective experience of its founders and affiliates as physicians, software executives, and health plan administrators, we believe that Elite Health will be positioned to bring to southern California a comprehensive and cost-effective
 solution for these communities.

Elite Health is in the process of applying for a Knox Keene license to operate a Medicare Advantage plan in California, and has taken preliminary steps toward identifying a network of providers
 who are well-versed in the healthcare needs of seniors in the communities in which they practice. Elite Health founders and affiliates also have considerable experience with healthcare record based software and will endeavor to utilize the
 latest advances in information systems, including AI and data analytics, in its processes to enhance each patient experience and control medical costs.

11 

Table of Contents 

The Company and Elite Health understand that the keys to success with a managed care organization are delivering comprehensive patient care and containing costs. In addition to developing a plan
 to obtain necessary approvals, gaining access to a competent network of providers and enrolling a critical level of subscribers, it will be necessary for the plan to provide high quality patient care efficiently and cost effectively. There can
 be no assurance that the Company and Elite Health will be effective in doing so.

Employees 

USN has three full-time employees and relies on consultants for certain services as required from time-to-time. All of its full-time employees are engaged in sales, marketing and administration.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors. 

Regulatory Environment 

The levels of revenues and profitability of companies involved in the health services industry, such as the Company, may be affected by the continuing efforts of governmental and third-party
 payors to contain or reduce the costs of health care through various means. Although the Company does not believe that its business activities will be materially affected in the foreseeable future, it is not possible to predict the long term
 effect of recent and future changes in the regulatory environment, or the responses of federal, state or private payors for healthcare goods and services in response to healthcare proposals or legislation.

In March 2010, significant reforms to the healthcare system were adopted in the form of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the PPACA ). The PPACA includes provisions that, among
 other things, reduce and/or limit Medicare reimbursement to certain providers, require all individuals to have health insurance (with limited exceptions) and impose new and/or increased taxes. The Company cannot predict the effects these changes
 may have on its business, and no assurance can be given that any such changes will not have a material adverse effect on the Company.

In addition, the provision of medical services in the United States is dependent on the availability of reimbursement to consumers from third party payors, such as government and private
 insurance companies. Although patients are ultimately responsible for services rendered, the Company expects that the majority of its revenues will be derived from reimbursements by third party payors. Medicare has authorized reimbursement for
 gamma knife and other forms of cancer treatment. Over the last several years, such third-party payors are increasingly challenging the cost effectiveness of medical products and services and taking other cost containment measures. Therefore,
 although treatment costs using the gamma knife compare favorably to traditional invasive brain surgery, it is unclear how this trend among third party payors and future regulatory reforms affecting governmental reimbursement will affect
 procedures in the higher end of the cost scale.

12 

Table of Contents 

In the future, the Company may establish additional gamma knife or other types of cancer treatment centers. Completion of future centers would require approvals and arrangements with hospitals,
 health care organizations, or other third parties, including certain regulatory authorities. The Food and Drug Administration has issued the requisite pre-market approval for the gamma knife utilized by the Company. In addition, many states
 require hospitals to obtain a Certificate of Need CON before they can acquire a significant piece of medical equipment. Should the Company enter into future ventures such "need" will be demonstrable, but it can have no assurance that CONs
 will be granted. In addition, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (the NRC must issue a permit to the Company to permit loading the cobalt at each gamma knife site. While the Company believes that it can obtain an NRC permit for each gamma
 knife unit, there is no assurance that it will.

Liability Insurance 

Although the Company does not directly provide medical services, it has obtained professional medical liability insurance, and has general liability insurance as well. The Company s professional
 medical liability and general liability policies have limits of 3 million each. The Company believes that its insurance is adequate for providing treatment facilities and non-medical services, although there can be no assurance that the
 coverage limits of such insurance will be adequate or that coverage will not be reduced or become unavailable in the future.

Competition 

The health care industry, in general, is highly competitive and the Company expects to have substantial competition from other independent organizations, as well as from hospitals in establishing
 future gamma knife or other types of cancer treatment centers. There are other companies that provide gamma knife or other types of cancer treatment on a "cost per treatment basis". In addition, larger hospitals may be expected to maintain a
 gamma knife as well as competing technologies as part of their regular inpatient services, which could have the effect of reducing the number of gamma knife procedures performed at such facility. Principal competitive factors include quality and
 timeliness of test results, ability to develop and maintain relationships with referring physicians, facility location, convenience of scheduling and availability of patient appointment times. The Company believes that cost containment measures
 will encourage hospitals to seek companies that are providing the technology, instead of incurring the capital cost of establishing their own treatment centers.

Gamma Knife Financing 

The gamma knife is an expensive piece of equipment, presently costing from 3.0 to 4.5 million, depending on features. Therefore, the Company's development of new gamma knife centers is
 dependent on its ability to secure favorable financing. In addition, after a number of years of use, the radioactive cobalt contained in the gamma knife requires replacement. This is also an expensive process. For example, the cobalt for the
 Company s current gamma knife in the NYU facility was reloaded in July 2018 and the costs were approximately 1,500,000.

13 

Table of Contents 

Gamma Knife Supply and Servicing 

To date, the Company has purchased all of its gamma knife equipment from Elekta Instruments, Inc., a subsidiary of AB Elekta of Stockholm, Sweden. Elekta is responsible for the installation and
 testing of the equipment and the training of the hospital staff in the operation of the equipment. The Company arranges for maintenance services for its gamma knife units, including the necessary services related to cobalt replacement, through
 Elekta. Any interruption in the supply of equipment or services from Elekta would adversely affect the Company s ability to maintain its gamma knife treatment centers.

Also, should restrictions be imposed on the operations of Elekta, such as restrictions relating to the handling and disposal of radioactive materials, necessary support services could become more
 costly and more difficult to obtain.

New Technology/Possible Obsolescence 

Gamma knife technology may be subject to technological change. Consequently, the Company will have to rely on the leading gamma knife's manufacturer, Elekta, to introduce improvements or
 upgrades in order to keep pace with technological change. Any such improvements or upgrades which the Company may be required to introduce will require additional financing. In addition, newly developed techniques and devices for performing
 brain surgery may render the gamma knife less competitive or obsolete.

Dependence on Hospital, Healthcare Organizations and Others 

In establishing new gamma knife centers, the Company must reach an arrangement with a hospital or other medical center for the installation and operation of a gamma knife facility and then to
 purchase the gamma knife equipment and construct and operate the facility. Before entering into such an agreement, the Company must make an assessment of the economic feasibility of operating the gamma knife at that location. The Company
 retains no control or influence over the medical staff or decisions regarding the treatment of patients. In that regard, the Company s economic success is highly dependent on its initial determinations of the viability of the gamma knife s
 location. Should the medical center or the physicians at that medical center ultimately use the gamma knife facility for significantly fewer patients than initially projected, the Company could be required to operate the gamma knife center at a
 loss for an extended period of time.

With respect to other cancer centers in which the Company has an interest, the Company participates with other physician groups and other investors in planning and constructing the facility and
 purchasing the necessary equipment, such as an IMRT or IGRT. The Company plays a lead role in the initial planning and establishment of those centers but does not control the day-to-day operations thereafter. The long-term success of those
 centers depends to a significant degree on the operating decisions made by the physicians and administrators at those centers.

14 

Table of Contents 

New Business Activity Elite Health 

Elite Health, the business acquired by the Company in October 2021, is in the process of applying for a Knox Keene license to operate a Medicare Advantage plan in California, and has taken
 preliminary steps toward identifying a network of providers who are well-versed in the healthcare needs of seniors in the communities in which they practice. While the Company believes that the Elite Health founders and affiliates have the
 required experience to obtain the license and launch and operate the business if it is successful in obtaining the license, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in these endeavors. The Company and Elite Health understand
 that the keys to success with a managed care organization are delivering comprehensive patient care and containing costs. In addition to developing a plan to obtain necessary approvals, gaining access to a competent network of providers and
 enrolling a critical level of subscribers, it will be necessary for the plan to provide high quality patient care efficiently and cost effectively. There can be no assurance that the Company and Elite Health will be effective in doing so.

The COVID-19 Outbreak May Continue to Adversely Affect Our Business Operations and Financial Condition. 

The novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic has had a materially adverse effect on operations in New York and Florida and could continue to impact our business in all locations. Most states and
 municipalities in the U.S., including New York, California, and Florida, continue to take action to reduce the spread of the disease, including limiting non-essential gatherings of people, ceasing all non-essential travel, ordering certain
 businesses and government agencies to cease non-essential operations at physical locations and issuing shelter-in-place orders, which direct individuals to shelter at their places of residence (subject to limited exceptions). Across the
 healthcare industry, resources are being prioritized for the treatment and management of the outbreak. Consequently, there are delays in delivering Gamma Knife and other radiation therapy treatments. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic poses the
 risk that the Company and its employees, contractors, customers, government and third-party payors and others may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to spread of the disease within
 these groups or due to shutdowns that have been and may continue to be requested or mandated by governmental authorities.

While the healthcare treatments that are provided by the Company are generally critical to the well-being of the patients it serves, a sustained COVID-19 pandemic, and continued measures by
 government and the healthcare industry to contain the pandemic, could negatively impact results for the following reasons: (i) operations at medical facilities, including those operated by the Company, could be subject to reduced operation or
 prolonged closure; (ii) medical facilities may defer Gamma Knife and other cancer therapy treatments for non-urgent patient cases in order to allocate resources to the care of patients with COVID-19; (iii) patients may defer or cancel treatments
 due to real or perceived concerns about the potential spread of COVID-19 in a medical facility setting; (iv) the outbreak could materially impact operations for a sustained period of time due to the current travel bans and restrictions,
 quarantines, shelter-in-place orders and shutdowns; and/or (v) members of the Company s workforce may become ill or have family members who are ill and are absent as a result, or they may elect not to come to work due to the illness affecting
 others in our office or facilities.

The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The COVID-19 outbreak and mitigation measures
 have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on global economic conditions which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our results will depend on future
 developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the virus and the actions to contain its impact. 

Although the Company s contract with its only customer ended in March 2021, the Company is actively seeking new business ventures and believes that its cash reserves, which are in excess of 1.5
 million at December 31, 2022, will allow the Company the opportunity do so. Such plans include possible new operations or extensions of its activities in Florida and California, where it has established working relationships with physician
 groups, hospitals and other organizations. In addition to these activities, the Company has been exploring possible combinations with other existing businesses that would create a larger operating entity that would better justify the expenses
 involved in continuing as an independent publicly traded company.

15 

Table of Contents 

Availability of Working Capital 

To date, we have earned sufficient income from operations to fund periodic operating losses and support efforts to pursue new gamma knife or other types of cancer treatment centers. If the
 Company experiences operating losses in the future, we will be required to seek additional capital to support continued operations and the development of new centers, but we cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to raise such
 additional capital as and when required.

Stock Price Volatility; Illiquid Trading Market 

The Company s common stock is thinly traded. At present, trades are reported on the OTC Pink marketplace only several days a month. This thin trading and relatively small non-affiliate float
 lead to a high level of volatility in reported sale prices. Investors in the Company s Common Stock will have a limited ability to trade shares on the open market and, even if able to sell shares, could suffer significant market losses due to
 large swings in the prices of the shares.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None

Item 2. 

Properties.

The Company's base facility, from which it conducts substantially all of its administrative operations, is located in Rockville, Maryland and occupies approximately 1,300 square feet. The rent is
 approximately 42,000 per year. The Company occupied about 3,800 square feet at the NYU Medical Center in New York, New York. This facility was sold to NYU Medical Center and at the end of the contract ownership was passed onto NYU Medical
 Center.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

The Company is subject to lawsuits, investigations and potential claims arising out of the ordinary conduct of its business. The Company is not currently involved in any material litigation.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable

16 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

The Company's Common Stock is traded on the over-the-counter market and quoted on the OTC Pink marketplace.

The following table displays the range of high and low closing prices for the Company s Common Stock for the period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022.

Period 

High Close 

Low Close 

January 1 March 31, 2021

.38

.25

April 1 - June 30, 2021

.44

.26

July 1 September 30, 2021

.31

.25

October 1 December 31, 2021

.31

.23

January 1 March 31, 2022

.25

.16

April 1 - June 30, 2022

.20

.13

July 1 September 30, 2022

.20

.13

October 1 December 31, 2022

.20

.06

The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.

As of April 13, 2023, there were approximately 66 holders of record of the Company's Common Stock.

To date the Company has declared no dividends on its Common Stock and does not anticipate declaring dividends in the foreseeable future.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not purchase any of its own equity securities.

Item 6. 

Selected Financial Data

Not required for smaller reporting companies.

17 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Results of operations 

2022 Compared to 2021

There was no patient revenue in 2022 compared to 1,061,000 in 2021. Prior to the termination of the Company s contract with NYU in March 2021, the Company s Gamma Knife facility at NYU Medical
 Center represented all of the Company s patient revenue.

There were no patient expenses in 2022 as compared to 86,000 in 2021 due to the annualized effects of the NYU contract ending in March 2021.

SG A increased by 323,000 or 30 from 1,063,000 in 2021 to 1,386,000 in 2022, mostly due to the impairment of Goodwill. Interest expense decreased to 0 in 2022 from 3,000 in 2021, due
 to the equipment loan being paid off in March of 2021. Loss from investments in unconsolidated entities decreased from 451,000 in 2021 to 163,000 in 2022, primarily due to the repayment of loans from MOP on the sale of UOMA. Gain from
 investments in unconsolidated entities increased 35,000 to 16,000 in 2022, from a loss from investments in unconsolidated entities in 2021 of 19,000. The Company reported a net loss of 1,572,000 in 2022, as compared to 973,000 in the prior
 year, primarily due to the full impairment of the CBOP and Goodwill, offset by the repayment of loans from MOP on the sale of UOMA . The Company incurred an income tax charge of 39,000 in 2022, compared with 420,000 in 2021.

Liquidity and capital resources 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital of 1,275,000 as compared to 1,617,000 at December 31, 2021. Total assets decreased by 1,941,000 from 2022 to 2021 principally due to the
 Company having to use its reserves, since the closure of the NYU Gamma Knife Center. Cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 were 1,537,000 as compared to 2,178,000 at December 31, 2021.

Net cash used by operating activities was 1,529,000 in 2022, as compared to 296,000 used by operating activities in 2021. Net cash used in financing activities was 0 in 2022 as compared to
 89,000 in 2021.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing activities was 888,000 as compared to 533,000 in 2021.

Off-balance sheet arrangements 

None

Critical accounting policies 

Estimates and assumptions

18 

Table of Contents 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
 materially from those estimates.

Revenue Recognition

Prior to October 2018, the Company s NYU Agreement primarily consisted of an operating lease, and the associated patient revenue from the use of the gamma knife was primarily operating lease
 income. Following an amendment to the Company s lease agreement with NYU, effective August 2016, the Company received a 30,000 minimum lease payment from NYU each month. With the exception of these fixed payments, the NYU agreement provided only
 for contingent rental income based on a tiered fee schedule related to the number of patient procedures and associated thresholds, with the rate per procedure decreasing as more procedures are performed. The Company recognized the contingent
 rental income and the fixed monthly payments on a systematic basis using an average fee per procedure calculated by estimating the expected number of procedures per contract year which runs from November 1, to the following October 31. Any
 amounts received in excess of the average fee were considered deferred revenue. At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviewed its estimated revenue for the contract year and adjusted revenue for any material changes in the estimate. 
 At the end of the contract year, the revenue was adjusted to the actual amount received.

In September 2017, USN and NYU entered into an additional amendment to the NYU Agreement, whereby NYU committed to purchase all of the gamma knife equipment at NYU for a purchase price of
 2,400,000, consisting of 41 monthly installments of 50,000 commencing at the end of October 2017 and continuing through the end of February 2021, with a final payment of 350,000 on March 31, 2021. Upon receipt of final payment, title to all
 the equipment at the center passed to NYU.

In October 2018, USN satisfied its obligation to reload the cobalt, and the NYU agreement was reevaluated to be a sales-type sublease between USN, the lessor, and NYU, the lessee. At the
 inception of a sales-type sublease, the lessor recognizes its gross investment in the sublease, unearned income and sales price. The cost or carrying amount, if different, of the leased property plus any initial direct costs minus the present
 value of the unguaranteed residual value accruing to the benefit of the lessor, is charged by the lessor against income in the current period. Management has concluded that all fixed future minimum lease payments MLPs payable by NYU to USN
 should be included in the investment in sublease. The MLPs included fixed monthly payments of 50,000 through February 2021, and 30,000 through March 2021, as well as a final payment of 350,000 in March 2021. The present value of the MLPs was
 estimated to be approximately 2,447,000 and was recorded as an investment in sublease effective October 1, 2018. Until the contract renewal in October of 2020, the patient revenue under the tiered schedule had been considered contingent income
 under the sales type lease was recognized on a systematic basis using an average fee per procedure, until October 2020, when the Company recorded patient revenue based on procedures performed at the applicable billing rate for each procedure
 since the Company did not exceed the threshold at which billing rates decreased before the completed sale of the equipment on March 31, 2021.

19 

Table of Contents 

NYU Maintenance Revenue

The NYU agreement, which ended in March 2021, specified that USN was obligated to maintain the gamma knife equipment in good operating condition. This maintenance obligation was incurred through
 the term of the agreement while patient procedures were performed. Usage of the gamma knife machine was directly linked to the maintenance of the machine. USN billed NYU monthly for the maintenance and gamma knife services provided. The portion
 of the total contract consideration allocated to the maintenance services was 79,000 for 2021 and 316,000 for 2020 and was recognized ratably over each year.

Investments in unconsolidated entities

The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated entities by the equity method. The Company records its share of such earnings (losses) in the consolidated statements of operations as
 Income (loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities . The carrying value of the Company s investments in unconsolidated entities is recorded in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company records losses of the unconsolidated entities
 only to the extent of the Company s interest in, and advances to, the entities.

Item 7A. 

Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Not required for smaller reporting companies.

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning at page F-1.

20 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Contents

Page 

Consolidated Financial Statements

21 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 3233 

22 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 517 

23 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

24 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

25 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

26 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

27 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

28 

21 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
 Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in equity and cash flows, for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements"). In
 our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022,
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
 financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
 U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
 whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As
 part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
 Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
 performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting
 principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The Critical Audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be
 communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. We determined that there
 are no critical audit matters.

(Formerly known as AJSH Co LLP)

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022

April 13, 2023.

22 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders

U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc.

Rockville, Maryland

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2021, and the
 related consolidated statements of operations, equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
 statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated
 financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
 U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
 whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As
 part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
 Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
 performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting
 principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

June 24, 2022

We served as the Company's auditor from 2014 to 2022.

23 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

2022 

2021 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Other current assets

Total current assets

Other assets:

Due from related parties

Investments in unconsolidated entities

Goodwill

Total other assets

Property and equipment:

Operating lease right-of-use asset

Total property and equipment

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES

Current liabilities:

Operating lease right-of-use liability - current portion

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Income taxes payable

Total current liabilities

Operating lease right-of-use liability - net of current portion

Guarantee liability

Total liabilities

EQUITY

Common stock - par value ; shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit 

U.S. Neurosurgical Holdings, Inc. stockholders equity

Noncontrolling interests

Total stockholders equity

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

24 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

Revenue

Costs and expenses:

Patient expenses

Selling, general and administrative

Total

Operating loss 

Total other (expense) income

Interest expense

Interest income - sales-type sublease

Loss from loans to unconsolidated entities 

Gain (loss) from investments in unconsolidated entities, net

Total other expense

Loss before income taxes

Income tax provision

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests

Net loss attributable to U.S. Neurosurgical Holdings, Inc.

Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to U.S. Neurosurgical Holdings, Inc.

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

25 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

Common Stock

Number

 of

 Shares

Amount

Additional

Paid-In

 Capital

(Accumulated

Deficit)

 Retained Earnings 

U.S. Neurosurgical Holdings, Inc. 

 Equity

Noncontrolling

 Interests 

Total

 Equity 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

Sale of subsidiary shares to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

-

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock as compensation

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022

-

Balance - December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

26 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF
 CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use asset

Loss from investments in unconsolidated entities 

Distributed earnings from unconsolidated entities

Accrued interest from notes receivable

Immpairment of Goodwill 

Deferred income taxes

Changes in:

Accounts receivable

Income taxes receivable/payable

Other current assets

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Deferred revenue

Operating lease right-of-use liability

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Advances to unconsolidated entities

Repayments from loans to unconsolidated entities

Capital contributions to unconsolidated entities

Gain from investments in unconsolidated entities 

Principal payments received under sales-type sublease

Net cash provided by investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Repayment of finance lease obligations

Net cash used in financing activities

Net change in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of year

Cash and cash equivalents - end of year

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid for:

Interest

Income taxes

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities:

Issuance of subsidiary shares in exchange for a controlling interest in Elite Health Plan, Inc.

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements

27 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

gamma knife center on the premises of New York University Medical Center NYU in New York, New York, in a contractual relationship which expired on March 31, 2021. Through that
 date, USN held an interest in a gamma knife unit and was reimbursed by the facility where it is housed, based on utilization. USN has recognized no patient revenue since March 2021.

of Corona Gamma Knife, LLC and of NeuroPartners, LLC. (See Note C[1])

interest in FOP. FOP s first center was located in Miami, Florida and opened in the second quarter of 2011.

of BOPRE. (See Note C[3]).

equity interest in United Oncology Medical Associates of Florida, LLC UOMA ). USNC was not a member of MOP at the time of its formation, as it was not able to participate in MOP s formation due to the fact that USNC was not a physician. An
 application was filed for a waiver and on December 22, 2016, USNC was cleared to become a part owner of MOP. On December 31, 2022, MOP/UOMA sold their assets to One Care Oncology Partners, LLC for . USN Corona netted approximately million from the proceeds for management fees to date. Because the 31st occurred on a Saturday, the funds were not received until 1/3/2023. Some
 funds were held in escrow until post-closing adjustments were made. (See Note C[4])

28 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

interest in CBOP. (See Note C[5]).

as a result of the issuance of the new USN shares to the former holders of Elite Health. (See Note F).

29 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

million at December 31, 2022, will allow the Company the opportunity do so. Such plans include possible new operations or extensions of its activities in Florida and California, where
 it has established working relationships with physician groups, hospitals and other organizations. In addition to these activities, the Company has been exploring possible combinations with other existing businesses that would create a larger
 operating entity that would better justify the expenses involved in continuing as an independent publicly traded company.

30 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

minimum lease payment from
 NYU each month. With the exception of these fixed payments, the NYU agreement provided only for contingent rental income based on a tiered fee schedule related to the number of patient procedures and associated thresholds, with the rate per
 procedure decreasing as more procedures are performed. The Company recognized the contingent rental income and the fixed monthly payments on a systematic basis using an average fee per procedure calculated by estimating the expected number of
 procedures per contract year which runs from November 1, to the following October 31. Any amounts received in excess of the average fee were considered deferred revenue. At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviewed its estimated
 revenue for the contract year and adjusted revenue for any material changes in the estimate. At the end of the contract year, the revenue was adjusted to the actual amount received or receivable.

, consisting of monthly installments of commencing at the end of October 2017 and continuing through the end of February 2021, with a final payment of on March 31, 2021. Upon receipt of final payment, title to all the equipment at the center passed to NYU.

through February 2021 and through March 2021, as well as a final payment of in March
 2021. The present value of the MLPs was estimated to be approximately and was recorded as an investment in sublease
 effective October 1, 2018. Until the contract renewal in October of 2020, the patient revenue under the tiered schedule had been considered contingent income under the sales type lease and was recognized on a systematic basis using an average fee
 per procedure. In October 2020, the Company recorded patient revenue based on procedures performed at the applicable billing rate for each procedure since the Company did not exceed the threshold at which billing rates decrease before the
 completed sale of the equipment on March 31, 2021.

related to previously accrued expenses. The gain was included as a reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated
 Statements of Operations in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

31 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

accounts receivable at December 31, 2022 or 2021 as the agreement
 ended with the sale of the equipment to NYU on March 31, 2021.

.

32 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

33 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

common stock equivalents during 2022 and 2021, and therefore, potential dilution for the periods presente d.

advertising costs in 2022 or
 2021.

34 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Total leased assets

Operating lease liabilities

Operating lease right-of-use liability - current portion

Long-term

Operating lease liabilities

Operating lease right-of-use liability - net of current portion

Total lease liabilities

Lease Cost

Operating lease cost

Selling, general and administrative

Finance lease cost

Interest on lease liabilities

Interest expense

Sublease income

Interest income - sales-type sublease

Net lease cost

Total

Less amount representing interest

Present value of lease liabilities

Discount rate

35 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

agreement with SARH to renovate space in the hospital and install and operate a Leksell PERFEXION gamma knife.
 CGK leases the gamma knife from NeuroPartners LLC, which holds the gamma knife equipment. In addition to returns on its ownership interests, USNC expects to receive fees for management services relating to the facility.

owner of NeuroPartners LLC and owns of CGK.

guarantor on NeuroPartners LLC s lease with respect to the gamma knife equipment and certain leasehold improvements at SARH. In February 2016, NeuroPartners LLC negotiated a new lease to fund the reloading of cobalt and related construction services. The new lease of included a balance of from the prior lease
 obligations. This new lease was payable over months. The first payment of was paid on April 1, 2016, and the final payment was paid in March 2021, removing USNC s guarantee obligation.

and ), respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company s equity in loss of NeuroPartners LLC and CGK was and , respectively. At
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts due from these related parties was and , respectively.

36 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Net (loss) income

USNC s equity in (loss) income of Neuro Partners LLC and CGK 

Noncurrent assets

Total assets

Current liabilities

Noncurrent liabilities

Equity

Total liabilities and equity

interest in the venture. FOP abandoned its operations on June 28, 2019, due to continued losses at the site of
 operations and lack of success in good faith efforts to renegotiate an agreement with the party from whom FOP leased a facility and equipment, after several months of discussion. Due to the circumstances, FOP derecognized the associated assets
 and liabilities and calculated a contingent liability equal to the net liabilities derecognized. On November 24, 2021, the lessor filed a Voluntary Motion to Dismiss its lawsuit against FOP, and on December 11, 2021, it was accepted and
 recorded by the court. There can be no guarantee the lessor will not reinstitute any future claims against FOP. 

due to losses incurred in prior years. equity in earnings had been recorded by the Company due to FOP's deficit equity. 

interest in Boca West IMP, owner of a medical office building in West Boca, Florida in which BOP
 operates. BOP occupies square feet of the square foot building. The Company invested initially and
 had a interest in BOP and BOPRE. In February 2014, the Company and other members sold their interests in BOP.

37 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

of Boca West IMP from another investor bringing its total interest to . BOPRE accounts for this investment under the cost
 method since it does not exercise significant influence over Boca West, IMP.

ownership interest in BOPRE, which it accounts for under the equity method. The Company s recorded investment in BOPRE is and at December 31,
 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Net income

USNC s equity in income in BOPRE

Noncurrent assets

Total assets

Current liabilities

Noncurrent liabilities

Equity

Total liabilities and equity

38 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

equity interest in UOMA. USNC was not a member of MOP at the time of formation as it was not able to participate due to the fact that USNC was
 not a physician. Nevertheless, USNC wished to eventually obtain an equity interest in MOP and loaned Dr. Jaime Lozano, the principal investor in MOP and a co-investor in FOP, . Dr. Lozano used these funds, along with an equal amount of his own funds (a total of ), to purchase a interest in MOP. Other investors paid a
 further for the remaining equity in MOP. MOP used the of financing to acquire a equity interest in UOMA. An
 application was filed for a waiver to allow USNC to hold an equity interest notwithstanding the physician requirement and on December 22, 2016, USNC was cleared to become a part owner of MOP. Dr. Lozano agreed to exchange half of his membership
 interest to USNC in settlement of the note to USNC. USNC and Dr. Lozano also agreed to share equally in providing a equity
 interest in MOP to an additional investor as a consulting fee for services rendered in the administration of MOP and UOMA. At December 22, 2016, USNC owned of MOP with an initial carrying value of . The Company
 recorded its share of losses of for the period from December 22, 2016 to December 31, 2016, against its investment which
 resulted in a reduction of its equity investment to .

but was not recorded due to prior losses.

.
 USN Corona netted approximately million from the proceeds for management fees to date. Because the 31st occurred on a
 Saturday, the funds were not received until January 3, 2023. Some funds were held in escrow until post-closing adjustments were made. 

39 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Net income 

USNC s equity in loss in MOP

Noncurrent assets

Total assets

Current liabilities

Noncurrent liabilities

Deficit

Total liabilities and deficit

equity interest in CBOP. Beginning in October of 2017, CBOP began paying the remainder of the costs associated with opening the center. CBOP
 had no assets at the end of 2017. The medical center opened and treated its first patient in January of 2018.

capital call to its members. UNSC converted previously made advances totaling into equity in CBOP to meet its capital
 requirement, and other members contributed in cash. The remaining capital contributions are not expected to be met and,
 accordingly, the Company s equity interest in CBOP increased to in June 2020.

loss. During the remainder
 of the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company advanced an additional , less of allowances, for a net receivable of .
 These allowances and write offs were recorded as losses from investments in unconsolidated entities. Amounts due from CBOP at December 31, 2021, total of outstanding principal, less of allowances, for a net receivable of all of which is included in due from related parties on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company records increases in the
 allowance, when applicable, as a component of loss from investments in unconsolidated entities and as a deduction in interest income for interest earned. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s equity in loss of CBOP was and , respectively,
 but was not recorded due to prior losses.

40 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Net loss

USNC s equity in loss of CBOP

Noncurrent assets

Total assets

Current liabilities

Noncurrent liabilities

Deficit

Total liabilities and deficit

(the term ), with an option for NYU to extend the term for successive periods or to purchase the gamma knife equipment at an appraised market value price. USN had the ability to negotiate the purchase price and upon failure of the
 parties to agree could request that the facility be closed. All costs associated with closing and restoring the facility to its original condition were the responsibility of USN. The NYU agreement, among other matters, required USN to provide
 (i) the use of the gamma knife equipment to NYU, (ii) training necessary for the proper operation of the gamma knife equipment, (iii) sufficient supplies for the equipment, (iv) the repair and maintenance of the equipment, (v) all basic
 hardware and software upgrades to the equipment and, (vi) an uptime guarantee. In return, NYU paid USN a scheduled fee based on the number of patient procedures performed.

through March 2021. To secure this extension, USN agreed to install a new gamma knife PERFEXION model. The new equipment and certain space improvements, costing in total, was financed through a 
 lease arrangement. The amendment provided for a payment to USN of a flat fee for each patient procedure performed.

41 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

lease of million for the purchase of the replacement equipment and associated leasehold improvements. The Company entered into a second lease of for the
 cost of the construction required at the relocated site which was repaid in July 2016.

. This ICON technology was installed during the month of July 2016 and the gamma knife center
 reopened on August 5, 2016. The Company entered into a lease for to finance the acquisition of the ICON technology and associated installation costs. A monthly maintenance agreement commenced a year after the installation date
 for per month. The 
 parties also agreed for USN to receive a fixed monthly payment of for the remaining term of the agreement through March 2021.

, with monthly installments of from October 2017 through
 February 2021, and a final payment of on March 31, 2021. Previously, the NYU agreement ended on March 17, 2021, and NYU had
 an option to purchase the gamma knife equipment at the estimated future value of the equipment at that time. In June 2017, the Company obtained an independent estimate of for the estimated future fair value of the equipment in March 2021. 

. In July 2018, USN entered into an agreement
 with Elekta for the cobalt reload on the NYU gamma knife equipment with a cost, including sales taxes, of . This cobalt
 reload occurred in July 2018, and the gamma knife center reopened on August 6, 2018. The Company obtained lease financing of 
 to partially finance the reload of the cobalt, and paid the remaining balance directly to Elekta. In addition, the Company incurred costs of 
 to install the new cobalt to be paid directly to the contractor. All cobalt related costs were finalized by October 1, 2018 and totaled .
 As a result of the Company satisfying its obligation to reload the cobalt, the agreement with NYU met the criteria to be classified as a sales type lease. In addition, the Company is now no longer obligated to restore the NYU facility to its
 original condition. Accordingly, all related assets and the asset retirement obligation were derecognized effective October 1, 2018. 

in 2021,
 consisting of lease revenue of and maintenance revenue of There was corresponding revenue in 2022. 

, consisting of monthly
 installments of commencing at the end of October 2017 and continuing through the end of February 2021, with a final payment
 of on March 31, 2021. Upon receipt of final payment, title to all the equipment at the center passes to NYU. This amendment
 also required USN to reload the cobalt in the gamma knife and to reimburse NYU for certain costs NYU incurred due to the cobalt reload.

42 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

. With the removal of the cobalt contingency, the NYU agreement was reevaluated to be a sales-type sublease between USN, the lessor, and NYU, the lessee. At the
 inception of a sales-type sublease, the lessor recognizes its gross investment in the sublease, unearned income and sales price. The initial sales price of at September 2017 was valued at at October 1, 2018, using the present value of
 future cash flows. The cost or carrying amount, if different, of the leased property plus any initial direct costs minus the present value of the unguaranteed residual value accruing to the benefit of the lessor, was charged by the lessor
 against income in 2018

and through February 2021 with a final fixed payment of and in March 2021.

as a result of the issuance
 of the new USN shares to the former holders of Elite Health. In addition, the Company agreed with the former Elite Health shareholders that if there is no trading market for the shares of USN after from the closing of the transaction, such holders may request that the Company take steps that would give such holders access to the public trading market, which
 could be accomplished at the Company s election through an exchange of such holders shares for Company shares.

, which included the fair value of the noncontrolling shares issued, including the
 acquired Company. To date Elite Health is still in its infancy and the Company tested its investment for impairment as of December 31, 2022, and determined that the investment was impaired, and an impairment loss was recorded against the Goodwill
 balance. 

43 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Acquisition

Balance at December 31, 2021

Balance impaired during 2022 

Balance at December 31, 2022

State

Current taxes

Deferred taxes:

Federal

State

Deferred taxes

Income tax provision

State income tax, net of federal taxes

Permanent differences and other

Change in estimated effective state tax rate

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax provision

44 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Net intangible assets and other capitalized costs 

Net operating loss

Net effect of conversion from the accrual basis of accounting to the cash basis of accounting for tax purposes primarily related to accounts receivable, prepaid
 expense, deferred revenue, and accounts payable

Valuation allowance

Net deferred tax asset 

was recognized based on the present value of the remaining minimum lease payments,
 discounted using the Company s incremental borrowing rate. The related lease ROU asset was recorded in the amount of ,
 reflecting the present value of future minimum lease payments, adjusted for deferred rent. As of December 31, 2022, the operating lease right-of-use liability and asset amounted to and , respectively. As of December 31, 2021
 operating lease right-of-use liability and asset amounted to and , respectively. Total operating lease expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was and , respectively.

45 

Table of Contents 

U.S. NEUROSURGICAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

Present value of net minimum obligation

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million each. The Company
 believes that its insurance is adequate for providing treatment facilities and non-medical services, although there can be no assurance that the coverage limits of such insurance will be adequate or that coverage will not be reduced or become
 unavailable in the future.

46 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company's reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is
 recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
 disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its
 judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. We do realize that we are a very small company and as a small company with only the officers and directors participating in the day to day management, with
 the ability to override controls, each officer and director has multiple positions and responsibilities that would normally be distributed among several employees in larger organizations with adequate segregation of duties to ensure the
 appropriate checks and balances. Because the Company does not currently have a separate chief financial officer, the President performs these functions with the support of one of the Company s outside directors who assists in the reporting and
 disclosure process (the Lead Director ).

47 

Table of Contents 

Our management evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s President concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the
 period covered by this report for the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, to be recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
 periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, due to the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
 accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;

(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
 United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and

(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 
 Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
 of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
 to financial statement preparation and presentation.

48 

Table of Contents 

Our management, including our President, and assisted by our Lead Director, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In
 making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a
 combination of control deficiencies in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
 basis. In connection with the assessment described above, management has identified the following material weakness as of December 31, 2022: the Company did not maintain sufficient qualified personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge,
 experience and training in the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and in internal controls over financial reporting commensurate with its financial reporting requirement. Specifically,
 effective controls were not designed and in place to ensure that the Company maintained, or had access to, appropriate resources with adequate experience and expertise in the area of financial reporting for transactions such as investments in
 unconsolidated entities, related party receivables, impairments, lease accounting, and income taxes. The Company is in the process of developing efficient approaches to remediate this material weakness.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is in the process of reviewing and developing plans to remediate the material weakness identified above. Otherwise, there have not been any changes in the Company s internal control
 over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information.

Not applicable.

PART III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The directors and executive officers of the Company are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

Alan Gold

78

President Chairman of the Board

William F. Leimkuhler

71

Director

Charles H. Merriman, III

88

Director

Susan Greenwald

77

Vice President and Secretary

Alan Gold has served as President and Chairman of the Board of the Company since 1996.
 Mr. Gold has also been a director of the Company since its formation in 1993. Mr. Gold served as President of GHS from 1983 through May 1999 and director of GHS since its formation through November 1999. Mr. Gold was one of the founders of
 Global Health Systems, the predecessor of GHS, serving as its President since its formation in July 1983. From 1981 to 1983, he served as Executive Vice President of Libra Group, a company located in Rockville, Maryland, engaged in health care
 automation, where he was President of Global Health Foundation and Libra Research and Executive Vice President of Libra Technology. From July 1997 through March 1998 Mr. Gold was also an employee of Health Management Systems. 

49 

Table of Contents 

William F. Leimkuhler has served as director of the Company since May 1999. He currently
 serves as Lead Director of the Company s Board of Directors. He also served as a director of GHS since 1984 through November 1999. Since November 2017, Mr. Leimkuhler has served as the Chief Financial Officer, and most recently as Vice
 President of Mutualink, Inc., a provider of communications interoperability solutions for public safety agencies, critical infrastructure, schools and private enterprise. From October 1999 until November 2017, he served as General Counsel of
 Paice LLC, the developer of an advanced hybrid electric powertrain for passenger vehicles. In recent years, he has also acted as a consultant to several emerging growth companies on corporate and business development matters. From January
 1994 until October 1999, he served as Vice President and General Counsel of Allen Company Incorporated, an investment banking firm. Mr. Leimkuhler also serves as a director of Argan, Inc. 

Charles H. Merriman, III has served as a director of the Company since May 1999. He also
 served as a director of GHS from October 1997 to November 1999. Mr. Merriman retired at the close of the year 2001 from service as Senior Vice President and Managing Director of BB T Capital Markets ("BB T"), an investment banking
 enterprise, where he was employed in various capacities since 1972 by BB T and its predecessor. Mr. Merriman has extensive knowledge of the Company s primary focus on healthcare and technology. 

Susan Greenwald has served as Vice President of Marketing Communications and as Secretary
 of the Company since May 1999. She performed services for GHS in the same capacity from its inception in 1983 through May 1999. Ms. Greenwald was one of the founders of Global Health Systems, the predecessor of GHS, and served as its Vice
 President of Marketing Communications since 1983. From 1981 through 1983 she was the Proposal Manager for Libra Technology and Global Health Foundation, sister companies engaged in federal contracting and private enterprise, respectively, in
 the healthcare information technology business. From July 1997 through February 1998, Ms. Greenwald was an employee of Health Management Systems. 

Mr. Gold and Ms. Greenwald are married.

Pursuant to the Company s bylaws, the Company s Board of Directors is elected by the stockholders at each annual meeting to serve until the next annual meeting or until their successors are
 elected and qualified. In the case of a vacancy, a director will be appointed by a majority of the remaining directors then in office to serve the remainder of the term left vacant. Directors do not receive any fees for attending board
 meetings. Directors are entitled to receive reimbursement for traveling costs and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in attending board meetings. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors did not meet. In view of the
 small size of the Company s Board, it does not operate through committees. Instead, the full Board of Directors performs the functions typically performed by the audit, compensation and nominating committees.

50 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the Company s bylaws, officers of the Company hold office until the first meeting of directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are chosen
 and qualified.

Section 16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Based solely upon a review of the copies of the forms furnished to the Company, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that during the year ended December
 31, 2022, all filing requirements applicable to its officers and directors were complied with by such individuals.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation. 

The information below sets forth the compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 for the President of the Company.

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and

Annual Compensation

Principal Position 

Year 

Salary 

Alan Gold

2022

188,000

President Chairman

2021

300,000

of the Board

2020

300,000

Employee Benefits; Employment Agreement 

Mr. Gold is also entitled to reimbursement of up to 1,000 per month for automobile expenses. In addition, as with other full-time employees, Mr. Gold is entitled to participate in the Company s
 health and life insurance program. The Company also pays the premiums for an additional policy of life insurance in the amount of 500,000, naming Mr. Gold s wife as beneficiary.

The Company and Mr. Gold are parties to an employment agreement giving either party the option to terminate employment by giving the other party six-months written notice.

Director Compensation 

During 2022, our directors, who are not officers or employees, were entitled to an annual retainer of 3,000. Mr. Leimkuhler, the Lead Director, received a retainer of 3,000 per month in view
 of the higher level of activity required of him. Our directors of the Company who are officers or employees do not receive any additional compensation for serving on the Board.

51 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The following table sets forth, as of April 13, 2023 certain information with respect to each beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s Common Stock and each director and executive
 officer of the Company:

Name and Address 

 of Beneficial Owner 

Number of Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned (1) 

Percent of

 Class 

Alan Gold (2)

1,140,246

14.6 

2400 Research Blvd. 

Rockville, MD 20850 

William F. Leimkuhler 

 100,000 

1.3 

43 Salem Straits Road 

Darien, CT 06820 

Charles H. Merriman III 

 130,672 

1.7 

5507 Cary St. Road 

Richmond, VA 23226 

Stanley S. Shuman (3)

2,367,734

30.4 

711 Fifth Avenue 

New York, NY 10022 

Allen Company Incorporated

1,578,489

20.2 

711 Fifth Avenue 

New York, NY 10022 

All Directors and officers of the Company as a group (2) (four persons)

1,370,918

17.6 

(2) 

Unless otherwise indicated, all shares are beneficially owned and sole voting and investment power is held by the person named above.

(3) 

Includes 1,140,246 shares held jointly by Mr. Gold and his wife, Susan Greenwald, as joint tenants with right of survivorship.

(4) 

Includes 1,578,489 shares owned by Allen Company Incorporated, Mr. Shuman disclaims beneficial ownership in such shares, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

52 

Table of Contents 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

None

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

Audit Fees . Audit Fees represent fees for services rendered in connection with the annual audit and quarterly reviews of the Company s
 financial statements. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company paid 179,000 and 178,000 respectively, to Aronson, LLC and for the year ended December 31, 2022, paid 30,000 to AJSH Co. for Audit Fees. 

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-Related Fees represent fees for services rendered in connection with assurance and related services that are
 reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements and are not reported as Audit Fees. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company incurred 24,000 and 44,000 respectively for Audit
 Related Fees. 

Tax Fees . Tax Fees represent fees for services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. For the years
 ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company paid 31,000 and 28,000 for Tax Fees to FORVIS, (previously Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP.) 

All Other Fees . All Other Fees represent fees for services rendered by the Company s principal accountants other than those described
 above. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company did not pay or accrue any amounts for these services. 

The Board of Directors has established a policy requiring pre-approval by the Board of Directors of all audit and non-audit services provided by its registered independent public accounting
 firm. The policy requires the general pre-approval of annual audit services and all other permitted services. All of the audit and non-audit services described above were approved by the Board.

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) (1) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules . The following are filed as part of this report:

Page No 

Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company

21 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

22

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021

24

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

25 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

26

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021

27

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

28

53 

Table of Contents 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules . All financial statement schedules as required by Item 8 and Item 15 of Form 10-K have been omitted
 because the information requested is not required, not applicable, or is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 

(b)

Exhibits: 

2.1 

Share Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of October 1, 2021, between U.S. NeuroSurgical, Inc., Elite Health Plan, Inc. and all of the shareholders of Elite Health Plan, Inc.
 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Form 8-K Current Report as filed October 6, 2021)

3.1 

Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of U.S. NeuroSurgical, Inc. USN (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 10 Registration Statement as filed July 1, 1999)

3.2 

Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of USN (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 10 Registration Statement as filed July 1, 1999)

4.1 

Form of Stock Certificate of Common Stock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 10 Registration Statement as filed July 1, 1999)

10.1 

Distribution Agreement dated May 27, 1999 between GHS, Inc. GHS and USN (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10 Registration Statement as filed July 1, 1999)

10.2 

Tax Matters Agreement dated May 27, 1999 between GHS and USN (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10 Registration Statement as filed July 1, 1999)

10.3 

Assignment and Assumption Agreement dated May 27, 1999 between GHS and USN (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10 Registration Statement as filed July 1, 1999)

10.4

Employment Agreement dated December 14, 1984 between USN and Alan Gold, as amended March 7, 1986 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of GHS s Registration Statement No. 33-4532-W on form S-18)

10.5

Agreement dated December 29, 1993 between USN and Elekta Instruments, Inc. (incorporated by reference to 10o to GHS s 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K)

10.6

Agreement dated August 1, 1996 between USN and DVI, Inc. (incorporated by reference 10j to GHS s 1997 Annual Report on Form 10-K)

10.7 

Gamma Knife Neuroradiosurgery Equipment dated as of November 26, 1996 between New York University on behalf of New York University Medical Center and USN (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10
 to our Form 10 Registration Statement as filed July 1, 1999)

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to our Form 10 Registration Statement as filed July 1, 1999)

31.1 

Certifications of CEO and CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1 

Certifications of CEO and CFO pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Filed herewith

(c) 

Financial Statement Schedules . None 

54 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc.

(Registrant)

By

/s/ Alan Gold

Alan Gold

 President Chairman of the Board

 and

 Principal Financial Officer

Dated: April 13, 2023

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

April 13, 2023

/s/ Alan Gold

Alan Gold

 President Chairman of the Board

April 13, 2023

/s/ William F. Leimkuhler

William F. Leimkuhler

 Director

April 13, 2023

/s/ Charles H. Merriman III

Charles H. Merriman III

 Director

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brhc10051212_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 (PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER)

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Alan Gold, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
 misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and
 for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and
 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
 subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
 preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and;

5. 
 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
 financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: April 13, 2023

/s/ Alan Gold 

Alan Gold 

 President Chairman of the Board

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 brhc10051212_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

Certificate pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,

 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the

 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alan Gold, President and
 Chief Executive Officer of U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings, Inc.

/s/ Alan Gold 

 Alan Gold

 President Chairman of the Board

 April 13, 2023

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 usnu-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 usnu-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 usnu-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 usnu-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 usnu-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

