<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1623590_0001753926-23-000462.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5380766</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>149713</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1086152</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1806347</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>986053</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1197212</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001753926-23-000462.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417114439
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-23-000462
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HWGC Holdings Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001623590
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				300803939
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55685
		FILM NUMBER:		23823265

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PORTMAN HOUSE, 2 PORTMAN STREET
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1H 6DU
		BUSINESS PHONE:		60321432889

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PORTMAN HOUSE, 2 PORTMAN STREET
		CITY:			LONDON
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			W1H 6DU

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vitaxel Group Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALBERO, CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141028

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001753926-23-000462.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 g083481_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________________________ to ___________________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal
 executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

+ 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

(Former
 name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange 
 on
 which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.001 par value 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller
reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated
 filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting
 company 

Emerging growth
 company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at
which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of
the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was (computed using the closing sales price
of 3.95 per share of common stock on such date). 

shares of common stock were issued and outstanding as of March 27, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Specified
portions of the registrant's proxy statement, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation
14 A in connection with the registrant's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), are incorporated by reference
into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part hereof. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. - 
 Business 
 4 

ITEM
 1A - 
 Risk
 Factors 
 12 

ITEM 1B - 
 Unresolved Staff
 Comments 
 23 

ITEM 2 - 
 Properties 
 23 

ITEM 3 - 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 

ITEM 4 - 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5 - 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 

ITEM
 6 - 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 26 

ITEM
 7 - 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 

ITEM
 7A - 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 30 

ITEM
 8 - 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 

ITEM
 9 - 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 31 

ITEM
 9A - 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 31 

ITEM
 9B - 
 Other
 Information 
 32 

ITEM
 9C- 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 32 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10 - 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 33 

ITEM
 11 - 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 33 

ITEM
 12 - 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 34 

ITEM
 13 - 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 34 

ITEM
 14 - 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 34 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15 - 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 35 

Item
 16 - 
 10-K
 Summary 
 37 

SIGNATURES 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Except
for historical information, this document contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, statements regarding
our revenue mix, anticipated costs and expenses, development, relationships with strategic partners and other factors discussed
under Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .
These forward-looking statements may include declarations regarding our belief or current expectations of management, such as
statements indicating that we expect, we anticipate, we intend, we believe, 
and similar language. We caution that any forward-looking statement made by us in this Form 10-K or in other announcements made
by us are further qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in
the forward-looking statements. 

The
forward-looking statements are not meant to predict or guarantee actual results, performance, events or circumstances and may
not be realized because they are based upon our current projections, plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, estimates and assumptions
and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and other influences, many of which we have no control over. Actual results
and the timing of certain events and circumstances may differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements
as a result of these risks and uncertainties. Some of the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from expected
or desired results may include, without limitation, the following: 

our
 results of operations and ability to achieve suitable margins will continue in line with
 management s expectations, 

we
 will continue to effectively execute against our key strategic growth priorities, without
 any material adverse impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on us our our customers 
 business, financial condition, financial performance, liquidity nor any significant reduction
 in demand for our products and services, 

losses
 owing to business failures of merchants and customers will remain in line with anticipated
 levels, 

our
 ability to capture an increasing share of addressable markets by continuing to retain
 and grow existing customer relationships while adding new customers adopting our technology
 processing transactions in existing and new geographies at or above historical levels, 

our
 continued ability to maintain our competitiveness relative to competitors products
 or services, including as to changes in terms, conditions and pricing, 

our
 continued ability to manage our growth effectively, 

that
 we will continue to attract and retain key talent and personnel required to achieve our
 plans and strategies, including sales, marketing, support and product and technology
 operations, in each case both domestically and internationally, 

our
 ability to successfully identify, complete, integrate and realize the expected benefits
 of, acquisitions and manage the associated risks, 

absence
 of material changes in economic conditions in our core markets, geographies and verticals, 

the
 size and growth rates of our addressable markets and verticals, including that the industries
 in which we operate will continue to grow consistent with management s expectations, 

the
 accuracy of our assumptions as to currency exchange rates and interest rates, including
 inflation, and volatility in financial markets, 

the
 absence of adverse changes in legislative or regulatory matters, 

the
 absence of adverse changes in current tax laws, 

projected
 operating and capital expenditure requirements, and 

the
 COVID-19 pandemic, including any variants, having durably subsided with broad immunity
 achieved in our core markets, geographies and verticals, including the elimination of
 social distancing measures and other restrictions generally in such markets. 

We
undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except
as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking
statements. 

3 

PART
I. 

ITEM
1. Business 

Overview 

HWGC
Holdings Limited HWGC , the Company , we , our , or us offers
digital banking services by providing the tools, skills and solutions to facilitate payment services to merchants, offering a
variety of secured, online and fully managed transactions and settlements. 

We
provide a financial layered ecosystem built on a broad technology infrastructure that enables financial institutions to offer
a consolidated experience. We support different verticals serving the business-to-business, business-to-consumer and consumer-to-business
landscape. 

Merchants
 are increasingly adopting various software solutions and new digital tools to operate
 their business and remain competitive. The scale and complexity of managing these software
 systems that are sourced from different providers, while seamlessly accepting payments,
 is challenging for merchants of any size. 

Our
payments platform hosts a full suite of integrated payment products and services that can be used across multiple channels (in-store,
online, mobile and tablet-based) and industry verticals, including: 

end-to-end
 payment processing for a broad range of payment types; 

merchant
 acquiring and issuing; 

multiple
 methods
 of mobile, contactless and QR code-based payments; 

complementary
 software integrations; 

virtual
 international bank account number or IBAN issuing; 

integrated
 and mobile point of sale or POS solutions; 

security
 and risk management solutions; and 

reporting
 and analytical tools. 

We
integrate e-money remittance services working in the global marketplace, ranging from open banking and credit card processing,
to wire solutions enabling customers to coordinate payments across a multitude of payment methods. 

Our
solution is delivered as a Software as a Service, or SaaS, to clients, enabling them to focus their time and energies on their
operations and sales. We give clients and merchants the ability to streamline their onboarding procedures and increase customer
retention, which thereby creates additional revenue. 

We
aim to build our market share and become a recognized leader in the payments and banking space on a global scale. Our team comprises
of experienced and knowledgeable personnel in the areas of operations, sales, tech, onboarding, support, legal and compliance. 

Our
vision is to minimize and automate the hassle to send and receive funds globally, while ensuring security. We aim to provide merchants
with a true merchant payment ecosystem or MPE where they can combine all payment needs under one system. Our technology platform
uses an innovative Gateway Cashier Technology to provide our services. 

Our
merchants include small and medium enterprises, or SMEs, and large enterprises across numerous verticals including hospitality,
e-gaming, consulting, retail, marketing and eCommerce. 

4 

Although
we provide a SaaS, we believe that technology should be free and accessible to everyone. We therefore generate our revenue from
our extra value-added services. We derive the majority of our revenue from fees paid by our merchants, which principally include
processing fees charged as a percentage of end-to-end payment volumes. In cases where merchants subscribe only to our gateway,
we generate revenue from transaction fees charged in the form of a fixed fee per transaction and a monthly fee. 

Our
revenue is continuous, as merchants only pay for the specific amount of service or usage they consume, rather than a flat fee
for access to the service. Because of our different layers as described below, merchants sign up for different services which
increases revenue for the company. We believe we can maintain long-term relationships with our clients due our customer relationship
team as well as the high barriers of entry of the payment market including high switching costs resulting from set-up fees, onboarding
costs and integration costs with various other providers. We also benefit from a high degree of operating leverage given the combination
of our highly scalable payments platform and strong customer unit. 

Corporate
History and Structure 

We
were incorporated in Nevada on November 19, 2013 as Albero, Corp. On January 8, 2016 we changed our name from Albero, Corp. to
Vitaxel Group Limited. On March 2, 2022, we changed our name from Vitaxel Group Limited to HWGC Holdings Limited. On July 21,
2022, we entered into a share exchange agreement with HWGG Capital P.L.C., a Labuan company HWGG Capital ), and
all of the shareholders of HWGG Capital. 

Following
the closing of the share exchange on November 15, 2022, HWGG Capital became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On
August 9, 2022, we entered into another share exchange agreement with Fintech Scion Limited Fintech ), a private
limited company incorporated in the United Kingdom, and all of the shareholders of Fintech. Following the closing of the share
exchange on November 30, 2022, Fintech became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

On December 30, 2022, we entered into a
stock purchase agreement with Mr Leong Yee Ming, the previous director and CEO of the Company. Following the closing of the share
exchange on the same day, Vitaxel Sdn Bhd VSB and Vitaxel Online Mall Sdn Bhd VOM ceased to be
the subsidiary of the Company as at December 30, 2022. 

The
diagram below illustrates our corporate structure: 

5 

Services 

We
and our subsidiaries currently focus on six business areas: 

PSP
 (Payment Services Provider): acting as a PSP by providing a number of international
 payment solutions to merchants through contracting with card acquiring banks and international
 alternative payment solutions. The PSP operates under the brand name FintechCashier. 

Business
 Accounts: opening corporate accounts for businesses in a variety of industries and
 currencies and assisting clients in operating on a global scale. 

Settlement
 with Payment (SEPA SWIFT payments): transferring funds for merchants and/or
 business clients to different banks in the world. This is done by transferring funds
 between accounts and then sending out a SWIFT or SEPA payment. 

FX
 Conversion: providing foreign exchange payments through partners, and transfers the
 amounts to clients accounts or 3rd party payments (e.g., paying invoices, payrolls,
 goods and services etc.). 

Acquirer :
 providing debit and credit card acquiring services worldwide for online merchants. Merchants
 are sourced through PSPs and Independent Sales Organizations. 

Whitelabelling:
 providing a fully white label platform as a customized merchant back office with
 access to all banking payments methods. 

Within
the six business areas mentioned above, we provide four service layers through one platform, to help merchants expand their activities,
in one full payment ecosystem: 

Our
MPE utilizes strict Know Your Customer, or KYC, rules and policies and incorporates fraud and risk management tools, while guaranteeing
certified compliance in accordance with the European Union s general data protection regulation or GDPR and the Payment
Card Industry Data Security Standard or PCI DSS Level 1. We facilitate payment services including transactions, payouts and settlements
in multiple currencies and countries. 

We
aim to provide an agile and innovative approach to payments services along with speedy accurate operation. Our services portfolio
serves all end-to-end payment chains globally: clients, merchants, PSP providers, affiliates/partners, integrating with acquiring
banks and solution providers. 

Our
technology and payment solutions allow businesses to develop services according to their business plans, avoiding the headache
of the payment plan budgeting restraints. 

6 

We
believe that our services provide multiple benefits including: 

support
 of multiple currencies with optimized conversion; 

multilingual
 support opens opportunities to market new services; 

an
 always-on friendly management portal incorporating high availability/cloud based/real
 time/high performance gateway intended to guarantee service continuity and build customers 
 loyalty; 

comprehensive
 reports and analysis capabilities allowing clients to follow on services performances
 and support cash flow analysis for various transaction types (captured and referrals,
 refund, void, capture), as well as chargeback retrieval disputes; 

support
 of an experienced team; 

faster
 onboarding and integration, with the use of only one platform to hundreds of payment
 providers, enabling fast go live new services without delays and without
 budget restraints; 

services
 manageable via a secured accessibility built-in portal; and 

hosted
 payment page or HPP built into the platform to facilitate one-click-checkout 
 simplicity. 

Our
competitive advantage as the payment hub providing multiple payment services, allows customers to get all their needs under one
roof, without the need to look for other service providers. We address merchants payment solution needs and provide a gateway
to manage their operations and relationships by providing services such as KYC and AML compliance, customer relationship management
or CRM and transaction monitoring, transaction statistics and reports. 

Customers 

Unlike
many other market players, we offer a full payment ecosystem, targeting multiple customers who include: 

enterprises
 and organizations of all categories looking to minimize the costs of transferring funds; 

online
 businesses looking for effective solutions to the entire process of online selling including
 payment collection, cross border payments; and 

certain
 categories of online businesses who may have difficulties in opening and maintaining
 physical bank accounts in all the territories they operate. In particular, this category
 includes SMEs, online businesses, marketplaces, operating in various countries on a global
 scale. 

We
do not depend on one or a few major customers for our revenues. 

Operations
and Support Services 

Our
operations infrastructure is designed to deliver high-quality experiences to our customers throughout the entire payment ecosystem.
Our operations and support services include: 

Merchant underwriting Our merchant underwriting team manages applications and risk evaluation of new merchants. Our
merchant base operates in end markets with high card-present volume and low levels of fraud and chargeback losses. In addition,
our underwriting strategy offers merchants with a low risk profile expedited activation which enhances their customer experience. 

Merchant onboarding and activation A business owner can sign up for a merchant account within minutes via our web-based portal. For enterprises, our merchant onboarding and activation team works closely with our partners to ensure a high-touch
transition from sales to implementation and activation. Our streamlined activation and automated approval process enables fast
and frictionless onboarding, providing us and our partners with enhanced speed-to-market. We are typically able to onboard even
the largest and most complex merchants within 48 hours of submitting an application. 

Merchant training We provide training materials to our merchants through a dedicated department and content delivery
platform. 

Merchant risk management Our risk management operations are designed to monitor merchant accounts on an on-going basis
through our dedicated security and regulatory support (i.e compliance support, vulnerability scanning, and system monitoring and
breach assistance). Once a merchant is activated, our systems are configured to automatically monitor any activity that may require
additional diligence, which in turn helps minimize losses associated with fraud and default. 

Merchant support Our merchant support team responds to inquiries from merchants seven days a week, 24 hours a day,
365 days a year. The team provides customer support for systems integrations and other technical solutions. In addition, we have
a dedicated team of merchant account specialists that guide merchants through the payment acceptance process from onboarding to
settlements and reporting. With a strong emphasis on first-call resolution, we seek to provide exceptional payment expertise and
support for our merchants. Our customer support team is trained to quickly identify and resolve each matter in an empathetic and
professional manner, reducing repeat calls and improving our operational efficiency. 

Software integrations and compliance management We have a team of engineers and technical support staff dedicated
to support software integrations and ensure compliance with all security and regulatory requirements, including PCI and Payment
Application Data Security Standard compliance support, system integration and configuration guidance. 

Partner support We have dedicated support teams who work with our software providers to address any questions or issues
that may pertain to the integration of our products and solutions into their software suites. We aim to deliver end-to-end issue
resolution by bringing all appropriate departments together in an integrated manner, in order to optimize partner support. In
addition, we help resolve issues that may pertain to our partners entire portfolio of merchants or incidents pertaining
to a single merchant. 

Partner services Through our partner-facing customer relationship management system, our partners are able to track
each step of the activation process of their new merchant accounts in real-time. Through this system, our partners can track their
merchant portfolio, including commissions, residual payments and even support calls/recordings, in an accurate and real-time manner.
We have added substantial automation to these processes, which is essential to ensure optimal experience as well as financial
efficiency. 

7 

Business
Strategy and Revenue Model 

During
the next five years, we and our subsidiaries aim to build market share and become a leading provider in the SAAS space and a global
payment solution provider expanding our existing range of services and licenses to provide a full payment ecosystem on an even
larger scale. 

A
key element will be to acquire or invest in companies in the payment space to achieve a larger portfolio of services and merchants.
As of the date of this report, we do not have any binding agreements for such investments or acquisitions. The directors believe
that this approach will enable FintechCashier and its subsidiaries to achieve fast growth in revenue without a corresponding increase
in operational costs. 

In
general, we intend to develop a strong software model that fits the needs of different sized businesses; remain flexible in product
offerings and offer custom solutions that meets clients needs; and be the market leader attuned to the marketplace, integrating
products into our business portfolio for our targeted audience as well as continual research and development. 

Our
 layered approach is built to serve merchants throughout their payment needs. Our vision is to enable merchants to
grow their businesses worldwide by providing state of the art payment technology with financial services with no hidden costs
 With one banking Application, One Payment Integration to your website., Pay as you GO. 

We
add value to our customers as described below: 

SMEs
 simplifying the acceptance of payments globally from a single integration; 

Fintechs
 extending their functionalities and allowing them to build better, scalable products;
 and 

PSPs/Card
 Acquirers transforming them into more accessible providers with over 280 application
 programming interface integrations in one platform and services that simplify the onboarding
 process. 

Each
layer serves a different need to merchants. 

Technology
Layer - our technology is a PCI level 1 payment gateway, a payment system that adheres to the compliance of PCI. PCI compliance
is adherence to a set of security standards that were developed to protect card information during and after a financial transaction.
The gateway is also registered with both VISA and MasterCard as a third-party provider. Targeting the main verticals markets,
(acquiring, issuing and banking) our technology layer integrates service providers such as credit card acquirers, issuers, corporate
accounts, open banking, transaction monitoring, Know your Customer and Know your Business providers. 

8 

Payments
Layer - through our subsidiaries, we have access to multiple financial and regulatory licenses and are a Merchant of Record
or MoR, authorized to open a variety of processing accounts. This allows us to onboard merchants onto our platform and manage
all of their payment needs. An MoR is an entity authorized by a financial institution and responsible for processing a consumer s
credit and debit card transactions. The MoR maintains merchant accounts, processing payments, and managing credit card processing
fees. The MoR also ensures compliance with the PCI-DSS, and is up to date with any laws where the transactions take place. In
the last 12 months, we developed a technology software solution to operate as a Payment Initiation Service Provider, or PISP,
under PSD2, which allows us to offer direct banking services through an open banking infrastructure. Through strategic partnerships,
we incorporated open banking functionality directly into our payment gateway and become one of the leading providers within the
payment offering. 

Our
payment stack refers to the various components and technologies that are used to process and facilitate electronic payments. It
typically includes the following components: 

Payment
 gateway: This is the component that connects a merchant s website or mobile app
 to the payment processor, allowing customers to make secure payments with their credit
 or debit card. 

Payment
 processor: This component is responsible for the actual processing of the payment, including
 the authorization and settlement of the transaction with the customer s bank or
 financial institution. 

Fraud
 detection and prevention: These components are used to protect against fraudulent transactions
 and to comply with industry regulations. 

Risk
 management: These components are used to manage and mitigate the risk associated with
 electronic payments, such as chargebacks and fraud. 

Payment
 methods: These are the various ways customers can make a payment, such as credit card,
 debit card, e-wallet and bank transfer. 

Together,
these components form the infrastructure that enables businesses to accept and process electronic payments from customers. The
payment stack can be provided by a PSP as an integrated solution or can be built in-house by merchants using different tools. 

Banking
Layer - with our technology and payments layers, we incorporate the creation of virtual bank accounts into our payments offering,
expanding not only to pay-in solutions (allowing for corporates to collect funds from their clients both corporates
and individuals) but also pay-out solutions (allowing for corporates to send funds to their clients both corporates
and individuals). Through our banking layer, a merchant can easily sign up for a bank account and payment processing in minutes
through our automated onboarding process. 

Pay-in 
solutions refer to methods or systems that allow individuals or organizations to make payments or deposits into accounts or systems.
These can include traditional bank transfers, credit or debit card payments, or online payment platforms such as PayPal. In other
contexts, pay-in solutions may be used to make payments for goods or services, or to add funds to a prepaid account. 

Pay-out 
solutions refer to methods or systems that allow individuals or organizations to withdraw or transfer funds from accounts or systems.
They are also used to disburse funds or payouts to customers or beneficiaries of a certain service or program. 

Licensing
Layer becoming a licensed and regulated entity can be a time-consuming process. Even early-stage startups and medium
level corporate entities require vast knowledge and expertise to obtain licenses in this field. By offering a sub-license 
offering to pre-vetted companies, we can assist and partner with them to launch their services. The experience we have acquired
over the years makes us a valuable asset to any company entering and involved in the fintech/payments ecosystem. 

9 

Marketing 

We
market through a variety of channels, including from direct sales to digital marketing, social media and word of mouth. 

Direct
Sales - The direct sales team typically employs a variety of sales techniques, such as cold calling, networking, and in-person
presentations, to reach potential customers and generate leads. They may also use marketing tools like email campaigns, brochures
and flyers to promote their products or services. The direct sales team s primary goal is to generate revenue by making
sales, but they may also be responsible for building relationships with customers, providing customer service and support, and
gathering customer feedback to inform product development and marketing strategies. 

Social
Media - The marketing team generates brand awareness on various social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn
to reach millions of potential consumers. 

Website
and Mobile - Through a well-optimized mobile and website with clear, easy navigation and targeted keywords embedded throughout
the site has been constructed to ensure proper search engine ranking and saturation. 

Adwords
- pay-per-click (PPC) advertising, cost-per-thousand advertising, and site-targeted advertising for text, banner, and rich-media
ads. 

Partnerships
 integration with well-known banks and financial institutions to promote services to reach thousands of businesses
annually. 

Affiliates
- commission-based structure will be offered to promote and bring new customers via affiliates. 

Market
Opportunity 

By
targeting four different layers within the payment space, we have positioned ourself in not one, but several markets simultaneously
thereby creating a huge potential. As such there is less need to compete for a larger market share in any one layer, but rather
compete in many layers with opportunities to grow. 

Technology
 Layer - Payment Gateway Market - A market size of 90.9 billion in 2022 expected to grow
 to 174.4 billion in 2027. 

Banking
 Layer - Digital Payment Market - A market size of 89.5 billion in 2021 expected to grow
 to 374.9 billion in 2030. 

Payment
 Layer - Payment Processing Market - A market size of 60.5 billion in 2021 expected to
 grow to 116.2 billion in 2027. 

License
 Layer - Payment as a Service Market - A market size of 8 billion in 2021 expected to
 grow to 53.6 billion in 2027. 

The
above estimations result in FintechCashier s current market opportunity comprising of up to approximately 248.9 billion
throughout the four layers. 

SaaS
is gaining attention and leveraging modern technology to aid multiple industry segments, including lending, credit, and payments,
in resolving long-standing challenges. Businesses are increasingly turning to SaaS to optimize their processes and increase efficiency.
Customer satisfaction and customer retention are two compelling reasons why numerous companies are now adopting SaaS. Legal compliance
and optimal security mechanisms are additional benefits. Using SaaS, financial and non-financial companies can automate their
financial processes and offer customers hassle-free access to credit and services. 

SaaS
automates financial processes and makes them efficient, eliminates cumbersome paperwork, and reduces human intervention. Robotic
automation frees up working hours for more valuable tasks. The result streamlined workflows, thorough document analyses,
and quick results. By integrating SaaS, companies can significantly reduce the turnaround time for the entire financial process
and improve customer experience. 

Reports
suggest that the global financial services market will grow from 2.25 trillion in 2021 to 2.85 trillion in 2025 (CAGR 6 

SaaS
has tremendous potential for growth and is finding many takers. Bringing together the old and the new and bridging the gap between
legacy structures and next-generation technology, SaaS hints at how the hybrid new world will develop going ahead. Moreover, with
companies keen on improving financial processes, reducing human intervention, and increasing personalization, SaaS is likely to
see quick and sustained adoption by financial and non-financial companies in the years to come. 

10 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
compete with a range of providers, each of whom may provide a component of our total offering, but do not provide an integrated
offering which is where we stand out. 

We
believe we can compete with these and other providers in the industry by virtue of: 

offering
 a one platform solution; 

offering
 a faster solution by faster onboarding and one integration only; 

more
 flexibility in our onboarding process meaning higher merchant acceptance rate; 

competitive
 pricing; and 

staying
 innovative responsive to client feedback and quick turnaround for new features
 and products. 

Employees 

As
of January 27, 2023, we have approximately 50 full-time employees who work primarily in onboarding, compliance and operation.
We have employment contracts with all of our full-time employees. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of trademark, domain names and trade secret laws, as well as employee and third-party non-disclosure, confidentiality
and other types of contractual arrangements to establish, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights, including with
respect to our proprietary rights related to our products and services. In addition, we license technology from third parties. 

As
of January 27 , 2023,
we own rights to domains (fintechcashier.com, fintechcashier.co.uk , hwgc.tech, hwgcash.kz, hwggcapital.com and hwgcash.com)
and trade names (FintechCashier) and their respective logos . 

Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters, which include the majority of our product development, sales, marketing, and business operations, is located
at 2 Portman Street, W1H 6DU, London, United Kingdom, supported by our Asian branch located at Lot
2-15, Timesquare Shop Lot, Jalan Merdeka, 87007, Federal Territory of Labuan, Malaysia, with No. 31 
33, 2 nd Floor, Wisma Ho Wah Genting, Jalan Maharajalela, 50150, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia as our marketing office.
Both properties are leased on a rolling contract basis. 

Legal
Proceedings 

We
are not a party to existing or pending material legal proceedings against us, and we have no knowledge of any threatened litigation,
nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors,
officers or any of their respective affiliates, or any beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest
adverse to our interest. 

Government
Regulations 

We
are subject to regulatory authorizations or registration in the jurisdictions in which we operate and conduct our activities,
including the jurisdictions of our merchants, the majority of which are located in the European Economic Area, EEA, and the United
Kingdom. 

We
have obtained financial licenses in different jurisdictions in which we operate. Where we are not able, we have partnered with
other financial institutions with the necessary regulatory licenses. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal executive office is located at 2 Portman Street, W1H 6DU, London, United Kingdom and our telephone number is +44 203
982 5041. Our website is www.fintechcashier.com . Information provided on, or accessible through, our website, however,
is not part of this report and is not incorporated herein. 

11 

ITEM
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry 

We
have a limited operating history with financial results that may not be indicative of future performance, and our revenue growth
rate is likely to slow down as our business matures. 

We
began operations in 2013. As a result of our limited operating history, we have limited financial data that can be used to evaluate
our current business, and such data may not be indicative of future performance. In particular, we have experienced periods of
high revenue growth since we began selling our products and services, and we do not expect to be able to maintain the same rate
of revenue growth as our business matures. In addition, estimates of future revenue growth are subject to many risks and uncertainties,
and our future revenue may be materially lower than projected. 

We
have encountered, and expect to continue to encounter, risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies, including
challenges in financial forecasting accuracy, hiring of experienced personnel, hiring of technology employees, determining appropriate
investments, developing new products and features, assessing legal and regulatory risks, among others. Any evaluation of our business
and prospects should be considered in light of our limited operating history, and the risks and uncertainties inherent in investing
in early-stage companies. 

If
we cannot keep pace with rapid developments and change in our industry and continue to acquire new merchants and partners rapidly,
the use of our services could decline, reducing our revenue. 

The
electronic payments market in which we compete is subject to rapid and significant changes. This market is characterized by rapid
technological change, new product and service introductions, evolving industry standards, changing client needs, consolidation
and the entrance of non-traditional competitors. In order to remain competitive and continue to acquire new merchants and partners
rapidly, we are continually involved in a number of projects to develop new services and improve our existing services. These
projects may not be successful and carry some risks, such as cost overruns, delays in delivery, performance problems and lack
of client adoption, and may cause us to become subject to additional regulation. Moreover, the merchant base that we target is
varied and non-geographically bound or restricted by scale, making it more challenging to predict demand for our offerings. Any
inability to develop or delay in the delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services or to accurately predict
and address market demand could render our services less desirable, or even obsolete, to our clients. In addition, many current
or prospective customers may find competing services more attractive if we do not keep pace with market innovation, and many may
choose to switch to competing services even if we do our best to innovate and provide superior services. 

We
rely in part, and may in the future rely in part, on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors,
for the development of, and access to, new technologies. If we are unable to maintain these relationships, we may lose access
to new technologies or may not have the speed-to-market necessary to successfully launch new offerings. 

Our
future success will depend on our ability to adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. We cannot predict
the effects of technological changes on our business. If we are unable to adapt to technological changes or evolving industry
standards on a timely and cost-effective basis by introducing new services and improving existing services, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

12 

Substantial
and increasing competition, both within our industry and from other payments methods, and disintermediation from other participants
in the payments chain may harm our business. 

The
market for payment processing services is highly competitive. Other providers of payment processing services have established
a sizable market share in the merchant acquiring sector. Our growth will depend on a combination of the continued growth of electronic
payments and our ability to increase our market share. 

Our
competitors include traditional merchant acquirers such as financial institutions, affiliates of financial institutions and global
payment providers, as well as local payment providers. These competitors and other industry participants may develop products
and services that compete with or replace our value-added products and services, including products and services that enable payment
networks and banks to transact with consumers directly. 

Many
of our competitors, in particular those affiliated with large financial institutions, also have substantially greater financial,
technological, operational and marketing resources than we have. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to offer their products
and services at more competitive prices. As a result, we may need to reduce our fees or otherwise modify the terms of use of our
products and services in order to retain existing clients and attract new ones. If we are required to materially reduce our fees
in order to remain competitive, we will need to aggressively control our costs in order to maintain our profit margins, and our
revenue may be adversely affected. Our risk management team monitors our client relationships and we have at times terminated,
and may continue to terminate, client relationships that may no longer be profitable to us due to such pricing pressure. [Moreover,
our competitors may have the ability to devote significantly more financial and operational resources than we can to the development
of new products, services or new technologies or to acquire other companies or technology so that they can provide improved operating
functionality and features to their existing service offerings. If successful, their efforts in this regard could render our products
or services less desirable to clients, resulting in the loss of existing clients, an inability to obtain new clients or a reduction
in the fees we could generate from our offerings. 

Any
of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, we are currently facing new competitive pressure from non-traditional payment processors and other parties entering
the payments industry, which may compete in one or more of the functions performed in processing merchant transactions. These
competitors have significant financial resources and robust networks and are highly regarded by consumers. If these competitors
gain a greater share of total electronic payments transactions, or if we are unable to successfully react to changes in the industry
spurred by the entry of these new market participants, then it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

If
we lose key personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

We
are dependent upon the ability and experience of our senior leadership, including the president of our Fintech subsidiary,
who have substantial experience with our operations, the rapidly changing payment processing industry, and emerging markets. It
is possible that the loss of the services of one or a combination of our senior executives or key managers, including key executive
officers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

13 

In
a dynamic industry like ours, the ability to attract, recruit, develop and retain qualified employees is critical to our success
and growth. If we are not able to do so, our business and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
business functions at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory developments that require
a wide-ranging set of expertise and intellectual capital. In order for us to successfully compete and grow, we must attract, recruit,
develop and retain the necessary personnel who can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of our intellectual
capital needs. In addition, we must also develop our personnel to provide succession plans capable of maintaining continuity in
the midst of the inevitable unpredictability of human capital. However, the market for qualified personnel is competitive, and
we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may fail to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified
or effective successors, particularly in the technology business. We must continue to hire additional personnel to execute our
strategic plans. Our effort to retain and develop personnel may also result in significant additional expenses, including option
grants, which could adversely affect our profitability. We cannot assure that qualified employees will continue to be employed
or that we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. Failure to retain or attract key personnel could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
are subject to economic and political risk, the business cycles and credit risk of our clients and volatility in the overall level
of consumer, business and government spending. 

The
electronic payments industry depends heavily on the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. This spending
depends on worldwide economic and geopolitical conditions. Key international economies have experienced cyclical downturns from
time to time in which economic activity was impacted by falling supply or demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted
credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, inflation, volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets,
bankruptcies, pandemics such as COVID-19 and overall economic uncertainty. We are exposed to general economic conditions that
affect consumer confidence, consumer spending, consumer discretionary income or changes in consumer purchasing habits. The current
deterioration in general economic conditions, including the rise in unemployment rates, inflation and any increases in interest
rates, particularly in Europe, the United States, the U.K. and Canada, may adversely affect consumer spending, consumer debt levels
and credit and debit card usage, and as a result, adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average
purchase amount of transactions made using electronic payments. The conflict in Ukraine could lead to heightened volatility in
the global markets and increase inflation, all of which could reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition. 

More
recently, in response to Russian military actions in Ukraine, the United States and certain allies have imposed economic sanctions
and export control measures, and may impose additional sanctions or export control measures in the future, which have and could
in the future result in, among other things, severe or complete restrictions on exports and other commerce and business dealings
involving Russia, certain regions of Ukraine, and/or particular entities and individuals. Such actions could have a significant
adverse impact on the Russian economy and related markets and in turn could adversely affect our customers and business partners
which have international operations and exposure to such risks. If our customers make fewer sales of their products and services
using electronic payments or people spend less money per transaction, we will have fewer transactions to process and lower overall
volume, resulting in lower revenue. 

14 

In
addition, a recessionary economic environment and markets experiencing relatively high inflation and/or unemployment could affect
our customers through a higher rate of bankruptcy filings, in particular for our SMB clients, which could result in higher customer
attrition and decrease our revenue. Any of the foregoing risks would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

In
addition, the uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 outbreak continues with the duration and severity of the pandemic and the overall
impact on supply and consumer demand is still unknown. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may experience material
and adverse impacts to our business as a result of the virus s global economic impact. There are no comparable recent events
that provide guidance as to the effect the COVID-19 pandemic may have, and we are unable to forecast the full impact on our business;
however, this represents a known area of uncertainty and the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and the related economic disruption
will have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We
may not realize the expected benefits of our recent acquisitions because of integration difficulties and other challenges. 

The
success of our recent share exchanges will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated revenue, cost-savings, tax,
collaboration and other synergies from integrating our two recent acquisitions with our existing business. The integration process
may be complex, costly, and time-consuming. The difficulties of integrating the operations could include, among others: 

failure
 to implement our business plan for the combined business; 

unanticipated
 issues in integrating logistics, information, communications, and other systems; 

unanticipated
 changes in applicable laws and regulations; 

negative
 impacts on our internal control over financial reporting accounting; and 

other
 unanticipated issues, expenses, or liabilities that could impact, among other things, our ability to realize any expected
 synergies on a timely basis, or at all. 

We
may not accomplish the integration smoothly, successfully, or within the anticipated costs or time frame. The diversion of the
attention of management from our current operations to the integration effort and any difficulties encountered in combining operations
could prevent us from realizing the full benefits anticipated to result from the share exchanges and could adversely affect our
business. In addition, the integration efforts could divert the focus and resources of the management of the Company from other
strategic opportunities and operational matters during the integration process. 

If
we fail to raise additional capital, our ability to implement our business model and strategy could be compromised. 

We
have limited capital resources and operations. From time to time, we may seek additional financing to provide the capital required
to expand production of our business operation and development initiatives and/or working capital, as well as to repay outstanding
loans if cash flow from operations is insufficient to do so. We cannot predict with certainty the timing or amount of any
such capital requirements. 

If
we do not raise sufficient capital to fund our ongoing development activities, it is likely that we will be unable to carry out
our business plans. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable, or at all. Even if we obtain financing
for near term operations, we may require additional capital beyond the near term. If we are unable to raise capital when needed,
our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected, and we could be forced to
reduce or discontinue our operations. 

15 

The
financial technology industry in which we operate is characterized by rapid technological changes, new product introductions,
evolving industry standards and changing customer needs. 

We
are a relatively new company in the financial technology industry, and we compete with many established centralized and decentralized
companies with greater financial and other resources. The industry continues to grow as
a result of wider merchant acceptance, advances in payment solutions and digital processing technology, and migration to e-commerce,
omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. The increase of credit and debit cards, as well as other digital payment solutions,
has made the acceptance of digital payments a necessity for many businesses, regardless of size, in order to remain competitive.
The COVID-19 pandemic has further accelerated the use of digital payments, the need for the development of technologies and digital-based
solutions and expansion of ecommerce, omnichannel and contactless payment solutions. To remain competitive in this industry
with constantly evolving standards, we need to develop new platforms, e-commerce services and other new products. Such projects
carry the risks associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems.
In the payment solution technology markets, these risks are even more acute. Any delay in the delivery of new services or the
failure to differentiate services could render our services less desirable to our clients. In addition, since the payment solution
services provided by us are designed to process complex transactions at high volumes and processing speed and deliver reports
and other information on those transactions, any failure to deliver an effective and secure product or any performance issue that
arises with a new product or service could result in significant processing or reporting errors or other losses. As a result of
these factors, our development efforts could result in higher costs that could reduce our earnings in addition to a loss of revenues
if new services are not delivered timely to our customers or do not perform as anticipated. If we are not able to respond to our
competitors effectively, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

We
may experience software defects, undetected errors, and development delays, which could damage client relations, decrease our
potential profitability and expose it to liability. 

We
depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer systems, software, telecommunications networks, as well as
the systems and services of third parties. The services provided by us are based on software and computing systems that may often
encounter development delays, and the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses or defects. Defects in these
software services and errors or delays in the processing of digital transactions could result in additional development costs,
diversion of technical and other resources from other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential clients,
may harm our reputation and expose it to liability claims. A system outage or data loss in these services could have a material
adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we rely on technologies
and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, viruses or defects that could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
compete with companies that have various competitive advantages. 

Many
innovative start-up companies and larger companies have made, and continue to make, significant investments in research and development,
and we expect these companies to continue to develop similar or superior products and technologies that may compete with our products
and services. We compete with many companies that have and expected to have various competitive advantages over us, such as: 

greater name recognition,
 longer operating histories, larger customer bases, and larger market shares 

larger sales and
 marketing budgets and organizations 

more established
 marketing, banking, and compliance relationships 

greater resources
 to make acquisitions 

lower labor, compliance,
 risk mitigation, and research and development costs 

larger and more
 mature intellectual property portfolios 

substantially greater
 financial, technical, and other resources 

operations in certain
 jurisdictions with lower compliance costs and greater flexibility to explore new product offerings. 

If
we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires it to take costly actions in response to the actions
of our competitors, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

16 

Intellectual
Property Risks. 

If
we are unable to successfully obtain, maintain, protect, enforce or otherwise manage our intellectual property and proprietary
rights, we may incur significant expenses and our business may be adversely affected. 

Our
success depends in part, and we place considerable emphasis, on obtaining, maintaining, protecting and enforcing relevant intellectual
property and proprietary rights, which may include patent, design, utility model, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection,
as well as regulatory exclusivity periods and confidentiality agreements (collectively, IP Rights ). We cannot be
sure that our means of obtaining, maintaining and enforcing our IP Rights in the United States or abroad will be adequate to protect
such rights against infringement, misappropriation or other violation. We may not receive protection for pending or future applications
relating to IP Rights owned by or licensed to us, and the scope of protection granted under any issued or registered IP Rights
may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology, products, services, systems, brands, trademarks or information. Also,
because of the rapid pace of technological change in our industry, aspects of our business and our products and services rely
on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies
from these third parties on reasonable terms or at all. Moreover, the laws of certain jurisdictions, including emerging countries,
do not protect IP Rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If we cannot adequately obtain, maintain, protect
or enforce our IP Rights, third parties may be able to compete more successfully against us and develop and commercialize substantially
identical products, services or technologies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

Third
parties may challenge, invalidate, circumvent, infringe or misappropriate our IP Rights, and such IP Rights may be lost or no
longer sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or to otherwise provide competitive advantages, which
could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain service offerings or other competitive harm. Others, including
our competitors, may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products and services or design around our IP Rights,
and in such cases, we could not assert our IP Rights against such parties. Moreover, third parties may infringe, misappropriate
or otherwise violate IP Rights owned or licensed by us and we may assert claims against such third parties to enforce, or determine
the scope and enforceability of, our IP Rights, which could result in lengthy litigation or other proceedings and could cause
a diversion of resources and may not prove successful. Such third parties could also counterclaim that any IP Rights we assert
are invalid or unenforceable and if such counterclaims are successful, we could lose valuable IP Rights. 

We
rely heavily on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to protect our products, services and technology and their development
and commercialization, and rely in part on confidentiality agreements with suppliers and other partners, employees, independent
contractors and consultants. However, we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that has or
may have had access to our trade secrets. Moreover, these agreements may be breached, and we may not have or be able to enforce
adequate remedies for any such breach. There is also no guarantee that these agreements or other precautions will provide sufficient
protection against any unauthorized access, use or misuse, misappropriation, counterfeiting, cloning, reverse engineering or disclosure
of any of our trade secrets, proprietary know-how and any other information or technology. Trade secrets can be difficult to protect
and some courts inside and outside of the United States are unwilling or less willing to protect trade secrets as compared to
other forms of intellectual property. Defending against unauthorized access, use or misuse, misappropriation, counterfeiting,
cloning, reverse engineering or disclosure of our technology, trade secrets, proprietary know-how and other IP Rights and technology
may result in lengthy and expensive litigation or other proceedings with uncertain outcomes and cause significant disruption to
our business and operations. If we are unable to obtain, maintain, protect or effectively enforce our IP Rights, it could impact
the development, manufacture and commercialization of our products, services and solutions and have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

17 

Claims
by others that we have infringed their proprietary technology or other IP Rights could harm our business. 

Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and commercialize our services and technologies without infringing, misappropriating
or otherwise violating the IP Rights of third parties. However, we may not be aware that our products, services, solutions or
technologies are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating third-party IP Rights, and such third parties may bring claims
alleging such infringement, misappropriation or violation. Third parties may have issued, or may eventually issue, patents that
could be infringed by our services or technology. Any of these third parties could make a claim of infringement against us with
respect to our services or technology. We may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark, license
usage or other IP Rights. When any such claims are asserted against us, we may seek to license the third party s IP Rights,
which could be expensive. We may be unable to obtain the necessary licenses on satisfactory terms, if at all. Any claim from third
parties may result in a limitation on our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims or could prevent us
from registering our brands as trademarks. Even if we believe that intellectual property-related claims are without merit, defending
against such claims is time-consuming and expensive, and could result in the diversion of the time and attention of our management
and employees. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might require us to redesign affected services, enter into costly
settlement or license agreements, pay costly damage awards, change our brands or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting
us from importing, marketing, selling or operating certain of our services, using certain of our brands or operating our business
as presently conducted. Even if we have an agreement for indemnification against such costs, the indemnifying party, if any in
such circumstances, may be unable to uphold our contractual obligations. 

We
may be subject to adverse publicity or reputational harm, even if claims against us are later shown to be unfounded or unsubstantiated.
Moreover, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments
and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have an adverse effect on the price of
our common stock. The award of damages, including material royalty payments, or the entry of an injunction against the manufacture,
import, marketing, sale or operation of some or all of our products or services, or our entry into any license or settlement agreement
in connection with such claims could affect our ability to compete with third parties and have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we are unable to obtain or fail to comply with the required licenses to operate our business or experience disputes with licensors
or disruptions to our business relationships with our licensors, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 

We
have entered into license agreements with third parties and may need to obtain additional licenses from our existing licensors
and others to advance or allow commercialization of our solutions. It is possible that we may be unable to obtain any additional
licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we may be required to expend significant time
and resources to redesign our solutions or to develop or license replacement technology, all of which may not be feasible on a
technical or commercial basis. If we are unable to do so, we may be unable to develop or commercialize the affected solutions,
which could disrupt and adversely affect our business. 

Disputes
may arise regarding intellectual property, including software and data, that is subject to a licensing agreement, including the
scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues. In addition, the agreements under
which we currently license intellectual property or technology from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such
agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may
arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or increase
what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement. If these events were to occur, we may lose
the right to continue to use and exploit such licensed intellectual property or technology in connection with our operations and
solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Third
parties may assert that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated
trade secrets. 

We
may also be subject to costly litigation in the event our services and technology infringe upon another party s proprietary
rights. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents that could be infringed by our services or technology. We
might employ individuals who were previously employed at other companies, including their competitors or potential competitors.
Although we are trying to ensure that their employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others
in their work, it may be subject to claims that it or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently
or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer
or other third parties. Any of these third parties could make a claim of infringement against us with respect to our services
or technology. We may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark or license usage rights. Litigation
may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages,
we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation
could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management and other employees. 

18 

Risks
Relating to Regulation 

We
are subject to costs and risks associated with new or changing laws and regulations and governmental action affecting our business. 

We
operate in a complex regulatory and legal environment and are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations in the several
jurisdictions in which we operate. Some of the laws and regulations in jurisdictions in which we operate that affect or may affect
us include: those relating to anti-money laundering and cross-border and domestic money transmission; those relating to consumer
products, product liability and consumer protection; those relating to financial services; those relating to the manner in which
we advertise, market and sell products; labor and employment laws, including wage and hour laws; tax laws or interpretations thereof;
bank secrecy laws; data protection and privacy laws and regulations; and securities and exchange laws and regulations. The laws
and regulations specifically applicable to us may also change on the basis of a change in the nature of our products or services,
or a change in the jurisdictions in which those products or services are being offered, including, but not limited to, as a result
of acquisitions. There can be no guarantee that we will have sufficient resources to comply with new laws, regulations or government
action, or to successfully compete in the context of a shifting regulatory environment. Moreover, these laws and regulations may
change, sometimes significantly, as a result of political, economic and social events. Our ability to comply with applicable laws
and rules is also largely dependent on the establishment and maintenance of compliance, review and reporting systems, as well
as the ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. We cannot provide any assurance
that our compliance policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating
our risks. In the case of alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations or suspension or cancellation of a license,
we could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil
lawsuits, including by customers, for damages, restitution or other remedies, which could be significant. Any of these outcomes,
individually or together, may among other things, materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, operating results
and financial condition. 

We
also generate a significant portion of our revenue from customers operating in the regulated services sectors. Regulations in
these sectors vary significantly among different countries and localities. In many cases, they may be unclear and may also change,
sometimes dramatically. 

From
time to time, we may also acquire entities subject to local regulatory supervision or oversight. There are substantial costs and
potential operational challenges involved in maintaining and renewing licenses, certifications, and approvals, and we could be
subject to fines, other enforcement actions, and litigation if we are found to violate any of these requirements. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to (or decide to) continue to apply for or obtain any licenses, renewals, certifications, and
approvals in any jurisdictions. In certain markets, we may rely on local banks or other partners to process payments and conduct
financial services transactions in local currency, and local regulators may use their authority over such local partners to prohibit,
restrict, or limit us from doing business. The need to obtain or maintain licenses, certifications, or other regulatory approvals
could impose substantial additional costs, delay or preclude planned transactions, product launches or improvements, require significant
and costly operational changes, impose restrictions, limitations, or additional requirements on our business, products and services,
or prevent us from providing our products or services in a given market. 

19 

General
Risk Factors 

The
market price of our common stock will likely fluctuate. 

The
market price of our common stock has been volatile. There is currently only a limited public market for our common stock, which
is listed on the OTC Pink Market of OTC Markets, and there can be no assurance that a trading market will develop further or be
maintained in the future. The trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations
in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

quarterly variations
 in operating and financial results; 

general market conditions
 in each party s respective industry and market; 

announcements and
 actions by competitors; 

the limited trading
 volume of our securities on the OTC Pink Market; 

regulatory and judicial
 actions; and 

general economic
 conditions 

Certain
shareholders may exercise significant control over our business policies. 

Two
shareholders, who are officers and directors of us or our subsidiaries, have collective ownership of approximately 70 of our
equity securities and have the ability to exercise significant control over our business policies and other corporate matters,
including, the composition of our board of directors and any actions requiring the approval of our shareholders, including the
adoption of amendments to our articles of incorporation, the approval of a merger, share exchange or sale of substantially all
of our assets. These persons will be able to vote their shares in favor of their interests that may not always coincide with the
interests of the other shareholders. 

The
requirements of being a public company is expensive and administratively burdensome. 

As
a public company, we have significant additional requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. W e
are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, rules and regulations related thereto, including compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Complying with these laws and regulations requires the
time and attention of our board of directors and management and increases our expenses. Among other things, we are required to: 

maintain
 and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 PCAOB 

maintain policies relating to disclosure controls
 and procedures; 

prepare and distribute periodic reports in compliance
 with our obligations under federal securities laws; 

institute a more
 comprehensive compliance function, including with respect to corporate governance; and 

involve, to a greater degree, our outside legal
 counsel and accountants in the above activities. 

The
costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements, when required, and other information with the SEC
and furnishing audited reports to shareholders is expensive and much greater than that of a privately-held company, and compliance
with these rules and regulations may require us to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel,
and will involve a material increase in regulatory, legal and accounting expenses and the attention of management. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable regulations in a timely manner, if at all. In addition, being
a public company makes it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. In the future, we may be required
to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain this coverage. 

20 

Failure
to achieve and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 could prevent
us from producing reliable financial reports or identifying fraud. In addition, current and potential shareholders could lose
confidence in our financial reporting, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

We
are subject to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable
financial reports and effectively prevent fraud, and a lack of effective controls could preclude us from accomplishing these critical
functions. We are required to document and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in connection with, PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5 which requires annual management assessments
of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and concluded that our internal controls and procedures were effective
 in ensuring that: (i) information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file
or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in applicable rules and forms, and (ii) material information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow for accurate and timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We
cannot assure you that we will not, in the future, identify areas requiring improvement in our internal control over financial
reporting. We cannot assure you that the measures we will take to remediate any areas in need of improvement will be
successful or that we will implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future as
we continue our growth. If we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures,
it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating
results, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information
and have a negative effect on the market price for shares of our Common Stock. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation allow for our board of directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by
our shareholders which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred stock without shareholder
approval. As a result, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to
holders the preferred right to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed
to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption
of our common stock. In addition, our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has
greater voting power than our common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting
power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing shareholders. As of the date hereof, we have 25,000,000 shares
designated as Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, although
no shares of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock were ever issued. 

21 

Our independent auditors have issued
an audit opinion for our company, which includes a statement in the emphasis of matter, describing the goodwill recognition and
its financial implications. 

Our auditors have issued an opinion regarding
our ability to continue as a going concern in the event of any impairment towards the goodwill carrying amount. As a result of
the significant carrying amount of goodwill recognized, any goodwill impairment will cause a significant adverse financial impact
on the Company, and therefore might raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as going concern. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our
stock price and any trading volume could decline. 

Any
trading market for our common stock that may develop will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry
analysts publish about us or our business. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research
on us or our business. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of our company, the trading price for our common
stock could be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts initiate coverage, and one or more of those analysts downgrade
our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more
of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could
decrease, which might cause our stock price and any trading volume to decline. 

Future
sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plan or
otherwise, could result in dilution of the percentage ownership of our shareholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 

We
expect that we will need significant additional capital in the future to continue our planned operations. To raise capital, we
may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner
we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction,
including issuance of equity securities pursuant to any future stock incentive plan to our officers, directors, employees and
non-employee consultants for their services to us, investors in a prior transaction may be materially diluted by subsequent sales.
Additionally, any such sales may result in material dilution to our existing shareholders, and new investors could gain rights,
preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. Further, any future sales of our common stock by us
or resales of our common stock by our existing shareholders could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Any future
grants of options, warrants or other securities exercisable or convertible into our common stock, or the exercise or conversion
of such shares, and any sales of such shares in the market, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

22 

Our
common stock may be subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC, which may make it more difficult for shareholders
to sell our common stock. 

The
SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as
any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving
a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny
stocks, and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity
and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are
suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating
to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination,
and that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally,
brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make
it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock if and when such shares are eligible for sale and may cause a decline
in the market value of our stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the
commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the
rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to
be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny
stock. 

ITEM
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

ITEM
2. Properties 

Our
corporate headquarters, which include the majority of our product development, sales, marketing, and business operations, is located
at 2 Portman Street, W1H 6DU, London, United Kingdom, supported by our Asian branch located at Lot
2-15, Timesquare Shop Lot, Jalan Merdeka, 87007, Federal Territory of Labuan, Malaysia, with No. 31 
33, 2 nd Floor, Wisma Ho Wah Genting, Jalan Maharajalela, 50150, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia serving as our Kuala
Lumpur marketing office. Both properties are leased on a rolling contract basis. 

Additional
space may be required as we expand our business activities, but we do not foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining additional
office facilities if deemed necessary. 

We
do not own any real property. 

ITEM
3. Legal Proceedings 

There
are no pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of ours, any owner of
record or beneficially of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities, or security holder is a party adverse to us or has
a material interest adverse to us. 

ITEM
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

23 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

a) 
 Market Information 

Our
common shares are quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol HWGC . Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Markets
is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated to a company s
operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future for our common stock. 

OTC
Markets securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Markets
securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Markets issuers
are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock
exchange. Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

b) 
 Holders 

As
of March 27, 2023 the Company had 1,897 stockholders of record. This figure does not include those shareholders whose certificates
are held in the name of broker-dealers or other nominees. 

c) 
 Dividend Policy 

The
Company has never paid cash dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.
Declaration or payment of dividends, if any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
on our then current financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the
board of directors. There are no contractual restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends. 

24 

d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under
 Equity Compensation Plans 

Plan
 Category 
 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights
 and number of shares of restricted stock 
 (a) 

Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (excluding restricted stock
 reflected in column (a)) 
 (b) 

Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans
 (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans
 approved by security holders 

Equity compensation
 plans not approved by security holders 

310,029 

3,689,971 

Total 

310,029 

3,689,971 

As described below, incentive awards authorized
under the 2016 Plan include, but are not limited to, incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). If an incentive award granted under the 2016 Plan expires, terminates,
is unexercised or is forfeited, or if any shares are surrendered to us in connection with the exercise of an incentive award, the
shares subject to such award and the surrendered shares will become available for further awards under the 2016 Plan. 

The number of shares of our Common Stock
subject to the 2016 Plan, any number of shares subject to any numerical limit in the 2016 Plan, to the terms of any incentive award
or to any combination of the foregoing, is expected to be adjusted in the event of any change in our outstanding our Common Stock
by reason of any stock dividend, spin-off, split-up, stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reclassification, Share
Exchange, consolidation, liquidation, business combination or exchange of shares or similar transaction. 

On January 18, 2016, our board of directors
and stockholders approved, the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 2016 Plan ), which reserves a total of 1,000,000,000 shares
of our Common Stock for issuance under the 2016 Plan. 

On June 12, 2017 we effectuated a 1:100
reverse stock split, which resulted in 10,000,000 shares of our Common Stock being reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan. On
December 2017, we increased number of shares of our Common Stock reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan to 40,000,000. 

In 2017, the Company issued 3,100,290 shares
of our Common Stock under the 2016 Plan. Out of the 3,100,290 shares of our Common Stock, the Company granted and issued 1,000,000
shares of common stock of the Company to Dato Lim Hui Boon, previous President of the Company; 1,000,000 shares of common stock
of the Company to Leong Yee Ming, previous CEO of the Company; and 1,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company to Lim Wee Kiat,
previous Chairman of the Board. As at December 31, 2017, the Company has balance of 36,899,710 shares of our Common Stock under
the 2016 Plan. 

On March 2, 2022, we effected a 1:10 reverse stock split resulting in 4,000,000 shares of our Common Stock
reserved for issuance under the 2016 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were an aggregate of 3,689,971 shares of common stock
remaining eligible for issuance pursuant to the 2016 Plan, as amended to date. 

In
2018, the Company did not issue any shares options under the 2016 Plan. 

25 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were an aggregate of 3,689,971 shares of common stock remaining eligible for issuance pursuant to
the 2016 Plan, as amended to date. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not issue any shares options under the 2016 Plan. 

Administration 

The
compensation committee of the Board, or the Board in the absence of such a committee, will administer the 2016 Plan. Subject to
the terms of the 2016 Plan, the compensation committee or the Board has complete authority and discretion to determine the terms
upon which awards may be granted under the 2016 Plan. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There
were no unregistered sales of securities during the period covered by this report that were not previously reported in a Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no repurchases of the Company s common stock by the Company. 

ITEM
6. Selected Financial Data 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide
the information under this Item. 

26 

ITEM
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Our
Management s Discussion and Analysis contains forward-looking statements relating to future events or our future financial
performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should ,
 intends , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates ,
 predicts , potential , or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable
terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which
may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity or performance to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity or performance expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results,
levels of activity or performance. You should not place undue reliance on these statements, which speak only as of the date of
this Annual Report. These cautionary statements should be considered with any written or oral forward-looking statements that
we may issue in the future. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K with the understanding that our actual future results
may be materially different from what we expect. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made.
We undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on
which they are made, except as required by applicable law. 

Management s
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ).
The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of the Company is based upon, and should
be read in conjunction with, the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

Overview 

HWGC
Holdings Limited HWGC , the Company , we , our , or us offers
digital banking services by providing the tools, skills and solutions to facilitate payment services to merchants, offering a
variety of secured, online and fully managed transactions and settlements. 

We
provide a financial layered ecosystem built on a broad technology infrastructure that enables financial institutions to offer
a consolidated experience. We support different verticals serving the business-to-business, business-to-consumer and consumer-to-business
landscape. 

Merchants
 are increasingly adopting various software solutions and new digital tools to operate
 their business and remain competitive. The scale and complexity of managing these software
 systems that are sourced from different providers, while seamlessly accepting payments,
 is challenging for merchants of any size. 

27 

Our
payments platform hosts a full suite of integrated payment products and services that can be used across multiple channels (in-store,
online, mobile and tablet-based) and industry verticals, including: 

end-to-end
 payment processing for a broad range of payment types; 

merchant
 acquiring and issuing; 

multiple
 methods
 of mobile, contactless and QR code-based payments; 

complementary
 software integrations; 

virtual
 international bank account number or IBAN issuing; 

integrated
 and mobile point of sale or POS solutions; 

security
 and risk management solutions; and 

reporting
 and analytical tools. 

We
integrate e-money remittance services working in the global marketplace, ranging from open banking and credit card processing,
to wire solutions enabling customers to coordinate payments across a multitude of payment methods. 

Our
solution is delivered as a Software as a Service, or SaaS, to clients, enabling them to focus their time and energies on their
operations and sales. We give clients and merchants the ability to streamline their onboarding procedures and increase customer
retention, which thereby creates additional revenue. 

We
aim to build our market share and become a recognized leader in the payments and banking space on a global scale. Our team comprises
of experienced and knowledgeable personnel in the areas of operations, sales, tech, onboarding, support, legal and compliance. 

Our
vision is to minimize and automate the hassle to send and receive funds globally, while ensuring security. We aim to provide merchants
with a true merchant payment ecosystem or MPE where they can combine all payment needs under one system. Our technology platform
uses an innovative Gateway Cashier Technology to provide our services. 

Our
merchants include small and medium enterprises, or SMEs, and large enterprises across numerous verticals including hospitality,
e-gaming, consulting, retail, marketing and eCommerce. 

Although we provide a SaaS, we believe that technology should be free and accessible to everyone. We therefore generate our revenue
from our extra value-added services. We derive the majority of our revenue from fees paid by our merchants, which principally
include processing fees charged as a percentage of end-to-end payment volumes. In cases where merchants subscribe only to our
gateway, we generate revenue from transaction fees charged in the form of a fixed fee per transaction and a monthly fee. 

Our
revenue is continuous, as merchants only pay for the specific amount of service or usage they consume, rather than a flat fee
for access to the service. Because of our different layers as described below, merchants sign up for different services which
increases revenue for the company. We believe we can maintain long-term relationships with our clients due our customer relationship
team as well as the high barriers of entry of the payment market including high switching costs resulting from set-up fees, onboarding
costs and integration costs with various other providers. We also benefit from a high degree of operating leverage given the combination
of our highly scalable payments platform and strong customer unit. 

28 

Results
of Operations 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

We
recognized revenue of 3,084,279 for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 3,081,155 from sales of 3,142 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The significant increase in revenue primarily resulted from the restructuring transactions that
occurred during 2022; acquisition of HWGG Capital and acquisition of Fintech as mentioned in Corporate History and Structure.
Revenue recognized during the year are mainly from transaction fees earned through financial payment and settlement services provided
by HWGG Capital and Fintech. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost of sales for the year ended December
31, 2022 was 15,274 compared to 2,861 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase for the year ended December 31,
2022 resulted primarily from the restructuring transactions mentioned above. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross profit for the year ended
December 31, 2022 was 3,069,005 compared to 263 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase resulted primarily from
the restructuring transactions that led to additional sources of revenue from HWGG Capital and Fintech. 

Operating
Expenses 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we
incurred total operating expenses in the amount of 2,288,779 comprised of selling expenses of 2,278,989 and general and administrative
expenses of 9,790. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred total operating expenses in the amount of 451,177, comprised
of selling expenses of 23 and general and administrative expenses of 451,154. The increase of 9,767, or 42665 for the
selling expenses, and the increase of 1,827,835, or 405 for the administrative expenses, caused total operating expenses to increase
by 1,837,602 or 407 . 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we
had a cash balance of 3,791,378. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities totaled 320,584,
net cash generated by investing activities totaled 3,715,989 and net cash generated by financing activities totaled 391,805.
The resulting change in cash for the period was 3,754,345. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a cash balance of 37,033. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash generated by
operating activities totaled 16,539, net cash used in investing activities totaled nil and net cash used in financing activities
totaled 24,464. The resulting change in cash for the period was 9,518. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we
had current liabilities of 4,943,467, including 2,463,833 due to related parties, other payables of 348,246 and accounts payable
of 2,131,388. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had current liabilities of 4,766,376, including 4,267,033 due to related parties, other
payables of 342,661, commission payables of 126,315, lease obligation of 30,289 and accounts payable of 78. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had net assets of 58,881,794 and net liabilities of 4,585,965, respectively. 

We
have recognized goodwill of 55,794,524 as a result from the acquisition of Fintech during the year ended December 31, 2022. We
believe no impairment is required during the year ended December 31, 2022. However, due to the significant carrying amount of
goodwill recognized, any indication of impairment that causes losses and give rise to substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as going concern. 

29 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

There
are no material changes in the critical accounting policies set forth in Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Please refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the
Financial Statements for disclosures regarding the critical accounting policies related to our business. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

Our
recently issued accounting standards are included in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Financial Statements
for disclosures regarding the critical accounting policies related to our business. 

ITEM
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

30 

ITEM
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

HWGC
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Table
of Contents 

Page
 Number 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Income or Loss and Comprehensive Income or Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 F-21 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of HWGC Holdings Limited (formally known as Vitaxel Group Limited) 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of HWGC Holdings Limited (formally known as Vitaxel Group Limited)/
(the Company as of December 31, 2022 , the related consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss ,
 stockholders equity, and cash flows , for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis of
Matter 

1. Goodwill
recognition 

As discussed in
Note 1 and 5 to the financial statements, the Company recognized goodwill of 55,794,524 deriving from the reverse acquisition
that has occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. As a result of the significant carrying amount of goodwill recognized,
any goodwill impairment will cause a significant adverse financial impact on the Company, and that could raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

2. Related
parties 

The Company has
significant transactions with related parties, which are described in Note 10 to the financial statements. Transactions involving
related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
free market dealings may not exist. 

CHARTERED
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANTS 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022 

April
17, 2023 

F- 2 

HWGC
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In
U.S. dollars) 

As
 of 
 As
 of 

December
 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable 

Amount
 due from related parties 

Inventories 

Other
 receivables, prepayments and other current assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Non-current
 assets 

Intangible
 asset 

Goodwill 

Right-of-use
 assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Total
 Non-Current Assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES 

Current
 liabilities 

Amounts
 due to related parties 

Commission
 payables 

Accounts
 payable 

Accruals
 and other payables 

Lease
 obligation 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Non-current
 liabilities 

Lease
 obligation, net of current portion 

Total
 Non-Current Liabilities 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 11) 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Preferred
 stock par value : shares authorized; and outstanding 

Common
 stock par value : and : shares authorized, respectively; and shares
 issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Merger
 reserves 

Accumulated
 surplus/(deficit) 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive income 

Equity
 attributable to equity holders of the parent 

Non-controlling
 interests 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

HWGC
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME OR LOSS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OR LOSS 

 (In
U.S. dollars) 

For the Years Ended 
 December, 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

COST OF REVENUE 

GROSS
 PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Selling expense 

General and administrative
 expenses 

Total Operating
 Expenses 

PROFIT/(LOSS) FROM
 OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME / (EXPENSE),
 NET 

Other income 

Other expense 

Total other income
 / (expense), net 

NET
 INCOME / (LOSS) BEFORE TAX 

Income tax 

NET
 INCOME / (LOSS) 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
 INCOME 

Foreign currency
 translation adjustment 

TOTAL
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Weighted average
 number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net income /
 (loss) per share - basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

HWGC
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (Stated
in US Dollars) 

Common
 stock 
 Additional
 paid-in 
 Merger 
 Accumulated
 gain / 
 Accumulated
 other comprehensive 
 Non-controlling 
 Total
 stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 reserves 
 (deficit) 
 income
 / (loss) 
 interest 
 equity 
 
 Balance, December 31,
 2020 

Net loss 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Reverse stock split 

Issuance of stock 

Acquisition of subsidiaries 

Reserve release
 upon disposal of subsidiaries 

Reverse merger
 recapitalization 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Balance, December
 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

HWGC
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 income / (loss) 

Items
 not involving cash: 

Depreciation
 and amortization of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets 

Interest
 expenses on lease obligation 

Gain
 on disposal of subsidiaries 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivables 

Other receivables,
 prepayments and other current assets 

Inventories 

Accounts payable 

Commission payables 

Accrued
 expense and other payables 

Net
 (used in) / cash generated by operating activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed 

Acquisition
 of subsidiaries, net cash acquired 

Net
 cash generated by investing activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payment
 of principal portion of lease liabilities 

Proceed
 from related parties 

Net
 cash generated by / (used in) financing activities 

EFFECT
 OF EXCHANGE RATES ON CASH 

NET CHANGE IN
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash
 paid for interest expenses 

Cash
 paid for income tax 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

HWGC
HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (In
U.S. dollars) 

2 
 HWG Cash Singapore Pte Ltd HCS 

3 
 HWGC KZ Limited HKZ 

4 
 Fintech Scion Limited Fintech 

5 
 Fintech Digital Solutions Limited FDS 

6 
 Fintech Digital Consulting Limited FDC 

7 
 Vitaxel Sdn Bhd VSB 

8 
 Vitaxel Online Mall Sdn Bhd VOM 

The
Company is previously engaged in direct selling industry and online shopping platform primarily through its operating entities
in Malaysia. During the year, the Company restructured after the consummation of two share exchange agreements and the disposal
of VSB and VOM. The Company upon the restructuring, offers digital banking services by providing the tools, skills, and solutions
to facilitate payment services to merchants, offering a variety of secured, online and fully managed transactions and settlements. 

Restructuring
Transactions 

The
following restructuring transactions has occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

i. Acquisition
 of HWGG Capital 

ii. Acquisition
 of Fintech 

iii. Disposal
 of VSB and VOM 

Acquisition
of HWGG Capital 

On July 21, 2022, the Company entered into
a share exchange agreement with HWGG Capital. Prior to the consummation of the share exchange agreement, HWGG Capital is also under
the control of the Company s management. Under this share exchange agreement, . The number of exchange shares were calculated based
on share price. The number of shares of common stock of the Company issued upon consummation of the share exchange agreement
was shares. 

On November 15, 2022, the Company completed
the acquisition of HWGG Capital upon the consummation of the share exchange agreement with the shareholders of HWGG Capital. 

HCS and HKZ become the subsidiaries of
the Company upon the completion of the acquisition of HWGG Capital. 

The acquisition of HWGG Capital is accounted
for as a reorganization of entities under common control. As a result, the Company measured the recognized assets and liabilities
combined at their historical cost at the acquisition date. The difference between consideration paid and assets and liabilities
received are presented as a component of equity; merger reserves and additional paid-in-capital. 

The number of common stock outstanding
upon the consummation of the share exchange agreement was . 

Acquisition
of Fintech 

On August 9, 2022, the Company entered
into a share exchange agreement with Fintech. Under this share exchange agreement with Fintech, . The
number of exchange shares were calculated based on share price. The number of shares of common stock of the Company issued
upon consummation of this share exchange agreement was shares. 

On November 30, 2022, the Company completed
the acquisition of Fintech upon the consummation of the share exchange agreement with the shareholders of Fintech. 

FDS and FDC become the subsidiaries of
the Company upon the completion of the acquisition of Fintech. 

Upon consummation of the share exchange
with Fintech, the owners and management of Fintech have voting and operation control of the Company. This gives effect to the reverse
acquisition transaction reverse acquisition ). The Company recognized goodwill arising from the excess in purchase
consideration as compared to the estimated fair value of the Company. 

In determining the purchase consideration
for both the HWGG and Fintech acquisition, the Company adopted the acquisition date fair value at , which is also the most
reliable reference estimate which approximate the quoted price of the Company at acquisition date. 

The number of common stock outstanding
upon the consummation of the share exchange agreement was . 

Goodwill recognized is further disclosed in Note 5: Goodwill. 

Disposal
of VSB VOM 

On
December 30, 2022, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Mr Leong Yee Ming, the previous director and CEO of
the Company, and for the purposes of the assignment of certain intercompany debt. 

The purchase price was paid by Mr Leong s assumption of a certain
amount of intercompany debt owed by the Company to VSB. 

Rights-of-use assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Other receivables, prepayments and other
 current assets 

Other payables 

Lease liabilities 

Net liabilities disposed 

Consideration received, satisfied in assignment of intercompany debt 

Net gain on disposal
 of subsidiaries 

of the
Company s accounts receivable are written off as bad debts. 

respectively, of its inventories that have been obsolete. 

The
residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property and equipment are reviewed and adjusted if appropriate,
on an annual basis. 

expenditures incurred
by the Company for research and development for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and nil respectively. 

F- 14 

mainly derived from commissions receivables of and non-interest-bearing
credit tokens issued to authorized agents of . 

Representing 81 of the total
accounts receivables of as at December 31, 2022 are from 5 clients, with the receivables balances of (1) , (2)
 , (3) , (4) and (5) respectively. 

The
company considers accounts receivable to be fully collectible, therefore no impairment is necessary as at December 31, 2022. 

Deposits (2) 

Prepayments (3) 

Total 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

F- 15 

Total 

Accumulated impairment 

Impairment
 (2) 

Goodwill,
 net 

(1) 

Goodwill is calculated based
on the excess in purchase consideration as compare to the fair value of the Company. The acquisition date fair value is x ). In order to arrive at the fair value of the Company, fair value adjustments have been made on inventories
and related party balances. The estimated fair value of the Company identifiable net assets after fair value adjustments is as
follows 

Intangible asset 

Current assets 

Current liabilities 

Net assets acquired 

On November 30, 2022, the reverse
acquisition by Fintech/the Company was completed. As the acquisition date and financial year end is of a relatively short period,
the management has not identified any indicators that relate to the impairment of goodwill. As such no impairment of goodwill has
been made. In the event that after year end if any events occur that may have a negative impact on the carrying amount of goodwill
and will have significant effect on the results of the Company, it may raise significant doubts for the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. 

Computer equipment 

Furniture and fittings 

Software and website 

Less: Accumulated
 depreciation 

Balance
 at end of year 

Depreciation
expenses charged to the statements of loss and comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and
 respectively. 

Others (1) 

Balance
 at end of year 

(1) 

F- 17 

(2021: ). Foreign income tax consist of United Kingdom income tax and Malaysia Income Tax. United Kingdom
income tax rate is (2021: ). Malaysia income tax rate is (2021: ), however, due to HWGG Capital enjoy preferential
tax rate of due to within the territory of Labuan, Malaysia. 

Income tax recovery 

The foreign income taxes derived
from Malaysia income tax within territory of Labuan. No United Kingdom income taxes are provided due to sufficient tax credits
in the UK subsidiaries for offsetting against its income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Under
IRC Section 382, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change in subject to limitations on its use of pre-change
NOL carryforwards to offset future taxable income. As of each reporting date, the management assessed the realizability of deferred
tax assets. Deferred tax assets had not been recognized in respect of any potential tax benefit that may be derived from non-capital
loss carry forward and property and equipment due to past negative evidence of previous cumulative net losses and uncertainty
upon restructuring. The management will continue to assess at each reporting period to determine the realizability of deferred
tax assets. 

Other 

Total
 revenue 

F- 18 

G2lux Sdn Bhd (1) 

Ho Wah Genting Berhad
 (1) 

Snatch Asia Sdn Bhd
 (1) 

Ho Wah Genting Group
 Sdn Bhd (2) 

HWG
 Fintech International Ltd (2) 

Total
 Amount due from related parties 

Amount of due to
 related parties 

Ho Wah Genting Group
 Sdn Bhd (1) 

Dato Lim Hui
 Boon (1) 

Ho Wah Genting Holding
 Sdn Bhd (1) 

Grande Legacy Inc.
 (1) 

Grandelife Inc (3) 

Ho Wah Genting Investment
 Bank (Labuan) P.L.C. (2) 

Vitaxel Sdn Bhd (1) 

Shalom
 Dodoun (4) 

Total
 Amount due to related parties 

The
related party balances are unsecured, . 

(1) 

Both
VSB and VOM are disposed to Mr Leong Yee Ming, a previous director and CEO of the Company, which also includes certain intercompany
debt assignment. Upon completion of the disposal, related party balances that are outstanding relating to advances made by Grande
Legacy Inc and Vitaxel Sdn Bhd are and respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(2) 

Mr
Lim Chun Hoo, is also a director in Ho Wah Genting Group Sdn Bhd HWGGSB ), HWG Fintech International Ltd HWGFI and a previous director of Ho Wah Genting Investment Bank (Labuan) P.L.C. HWGIB 

The
amount due from HWGGSB and HWGFI as at December 31, 2022, were advances made by the Company to HWGGSB and HWGFI. Whilst amount
due to HWGIB were advances made by HWGIB to the Company. 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

Natalie Katsberg Director and
 Chief Operation Officer in Fintech 

Paul Renner Director in Fintech 

Previous
 officers 

Lim Wee Kiat 

Leong Yee Ming 

capital commitments. 

F- 20 

: shares, with shares issued and outstanding during the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company s authorized common stock is : shares, with shares issued and outstanding during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

On
April 8, 2022, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA notified the Company that the Reverse Stock
Split will take effect on the over-the-counter market at the start of business on April 11, 2022. The reverse stock split reduces
the shares issued and outstanding by shares to . Effectively on April 11, 2022, the Company s
authorized common stock is : shares, with shares issued and outstanding. 

On
November 15, 2022 and November 30, 2022, the Company issued and shares respectively for the acquisition
of HWGG Capital and acquisition of Fintech as disclosed in Note 1: Organization And business. The total shares issued for the
acquisitions totalled to . 

Preferred
stocks 

On
March 10, 2022, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation of the Relative
Rights and Preferences of The Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (the Certificate of Designation ). Pursuant
to the Certificate of Designation, the board of directors of the Company authorized the creation shares of Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the RCPS ). The RCPS is ranked senior to all classes or
series of the Company s common stock and does not have any voting rights. 
Commencing on the date of issuance, the dividends on the RCPS shall accrue and be cumulative, payable annually in arrears on the
30th business day on each anniversary of the issue date. Dividends will accumulate whether or not the Company has earnings or
whether funds are legally available or declared by the Board, and no interest will be payable on any dividends which may be in
arrears. Each share of RCPS shall be convertible into one share of common stock of the Company, upon the Board approving the initiation
of the listing process to list the shares of the Company on any stock exchange, or upon the written approval of the Company. The
Company may also, at its option, redeem the RCPS for cash at a redemption price of 1.00 per share plus any accumulated and unpaid
dividends thereon. Notwithstanding, all outstanding RCPS shall be redeemable by the Company on the second anniversary of the issuance
date thereof. 

Total assets 

Total liabilities 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

F- 21 

ITEM
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

ITEM
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

We
maintain controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we
file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management including
our principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Based upon their evaluation of those controls and procedures performed as of the end of the period covered by this report, our
principal executive and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring
that: (i) information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for accurate and timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Shalom
Dodoun, our Chief Executive Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officer
and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

a) 
 pertain to the maintenance
 of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

b) 
 provide reasonable
 assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of management and our directors; and 

c) 
 provide reasonable
 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
 have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

31 

Our
Chief Executive Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In
making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). A material weakness, as defined by SEC rules, is
a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management has carried
out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief
Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their participation in that evaluation, the CEO concluded that the disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Accordingly
management believes, based on its knowledge, that (1) this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material face necessary to make the statements made not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report, and (2) the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the years and periods then ended. 

This
report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022,
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

32 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

33 

ITEM
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

34 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(1)
Financial Statement Schedule: None. 

(2)
Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed on January 5, 2015) 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant as filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on January 8, 2016 (incorporated
 by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 11, 2016) 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws
 of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on January 5, 2015) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March 2,
 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
 on March 8, 2022) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation of the Relative Rights and Preferences of the Redeemable Convertible Preferred
 Stock filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 3.4 from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
 March 17, 2022) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-4 filed with the SEC on August 16, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Registrant s
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January
 22, 2016) 

10.2 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement, dated November 1, 2015, between Vitaxel and Leong Yee Ming (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2016) 

35 

10.3 
 
 Travel
 Agency Services Contract dated November 1, 2015 between Vitaxel SDN BHD and Ho Wah Genting Holiday SDN BHD (incorporated by
 reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2016) 

10.11 
 
 License
 Agreement by and between Vitaxel Group Limited and Vitaxel Private Limited dated August 6, 2016 (incorporated by reference
 from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2016) 

10.12 
 
 License
 Agreement by and between Vitaxel Group Limited and Vitaxel Corp (Thailand) Ltd. dated August 15, 2016, as amended on August
 21, 2016 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2016) 

10.13 
 
 Share
 Sale Agreement among Lim Hui Sing, Leong Yee Ming, Vitaxel Sdn. Bhd. And Vitaxel Group Limited (incorporated by reference
 from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2017) 

10.14 
 
 Agreement
 among Lim Hui Song, Leong Yee Ming, Vitaxel Sdn. Bhd. and Vitaxel Group Limited (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2018) 

10.15 
 
 Grande
 Agreement dated as of January 5, 2017 between Vitaxel Group Limited and Grande Legacy Inc. (incorporated by reference from
 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2018) 

10.16 
 
 Termination
 and Release Agreement between Vitaxel Group Limited and Grande Legacy Inc., a British Virgin Island Company, dated as of December
 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2018) 

10.17 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement Renewal dated August 1, 2020 between Vitaxel SDN BHD and Leong Yee Ming 

10.18 
 
 Amendment
 1 to Consulting Agreement Renewal dated September 1, 2020 between Vitaxel SDN BHD and Leong Yee Ming 

10.19 
 
 Amendment
 2 to Consulting Agreement Renewal dated March 1, 2021 between Vitaxel SDN BHD and Leong Yee Ming 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2020). 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section
 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

36 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance
 Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
 Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
 Linkbase Document 

101 DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition
 Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label
 Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
 Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File
 the cover age of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is formatted
 in Inline XBRL. 

Filed herewith. 

ITEM
16. 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized on this 17 th day of April, 2023. 

HWGC HOLDINGS LIMITED 

By: 
 /s/
 Shalom Dodoun 

Shalom Dodoun 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

April
 17, 2023 

/s/
 Shalom Dodoun 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Shalom Dodoun 

April
 17, 2023 

/s/
 Lim Chun Hoo 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer Director 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

Lim Chun Hoo 

April
 17, 2023 

/s/
 Colin Ellis 
 
 Director 

Colin Ellis 

/s/
 Richard Berman 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Richard Berman 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 g083481_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer of HWGC Holdings Limited 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Shalom Dodoun, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
 reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HWGC Holdings Limited; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
 in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
 periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this
 report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether
 or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Shalom Dodoun 

Shalom Dodoun 

Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 g083481_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer of HWGC Holdings Limited 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Lim Chun Hoo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
 reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HWGC Holdings Limited; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
 in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
 periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this
 report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether
 or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Lim Chun Hoo 

Lim Chun Hoo 

Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 g083481_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

Statement
of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant
to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the
undersigned, Shalom Dodoun and Lim Chun Hoo, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of HWGC Holdings
Limited (the Company ), hereby certify that based on the undersigned s knowledge: 

1. 
 The Company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements
 of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
 Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 /s/
 Shalom Dodoun 

Shalom Dodoun 

Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

Date: April 17,
 2023 
 /s/
 Lim Chun Hoo 

Lim Chun Hoo 

Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vxel-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vxel-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vxel-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vxel-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

