<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1825962_0001213900-23-030446.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5461327</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>415420</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>981576</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1772124</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1087560</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1044553</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-030446.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230418073729
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-030446
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230418

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Quadro Acquisition One Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001825962
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40077
		FILM NUMBER:		23825499

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2685 NOTTINGHAM AVENUE
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		302-738-6680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2685 NOTTINGHAM AVENUE
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Kismet Acquisition Two Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200924

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-030446.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_quadroacq1.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from 
 to 

Commission
file number: 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 1 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol (s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share QDROW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-third of one redeemable Warrant QDROU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The
aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, other than shares held by persons
who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A shares on June 30, 2022, as
reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was . 

As
of April 17, 2023 there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.001 per
share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.001 per share, of the registrant
issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 17 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 20 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART II 
 
 21 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 21 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 28 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 29 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 29 

PART III 
 
 30 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 34 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 
 36 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 39 

PART IV 
 
 40 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 
 40 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can
be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but
are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other
statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations,
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined below); 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;
 or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

2023
 Extraordinary General Meeting are to the extraordinary general meeting of the company
 (as defined below) held on February 20, 2023 for the purposes of approving the Extension
 Amendment (as defined below) and the company s name change from Kismet Acquisition
 Two Corp. to Quadro Acquisition One Corp.; 

Administrative
 Services Agreement are to the Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 17,
 2021, between the company and Kismet LLC (as defined below); 

amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association are to our second amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association; 

ii 

ASC 
 are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

board
 of directors, board or directors are to the board of directors
 of our company; 

business
 combination are to a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization
 or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Class
 A ordinary shares are to the Class A ordinary shares of our company, par value 0.001
 per share; 

Class
 B ordinary shares are to the Class B ordinary shares of our company, par value 0.001
 per share; 

Companies
 Act are to the Companies Act (2021 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, as the same may
 be amended from time to time; 

company, 
 our company, we or us are to Quadro Acquisition
 One Corp. (formerly Kismet Acquisition Two Corp.), a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Continental 
 are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant
 agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

DWAC
 System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian
 System; 

Exchange
 Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Extension 
 are to extension of the date by which the company has to consummate an initial business combination
 from February 22, 2023 to November 22, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by our board),
 as approved by our shareholders at the 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting; 

Extension
 Amendment are to the amendment of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association approved by our shareholders at the 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting to
 give our board the right to extend the Termination Date (as defined below) from February
 22, 2023 to April 22, 2023 and to allow our board, without another shareholder vote, to elect
 to extend the Termination Date on a monthly basis up to seven (7) times for an additional
 one (1) month each time, until November 22, 2023, or for a total of up to nine (9) months
 after the Original Termination Date (as defined below) (or such earlier date as determined
 by our board); 

Extension
 Contributions are to the Initial Extension Contribution (as defined below) together
 with the additional amounts to be loaned from our sponsor (as defined below) to the company
 in connection with the Extension in the amount of 60,000 per month, or portion thereof,
 that is needed by the company to complete an initial business combination until November
 22, 2023; 

FASB 
 are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

FINRA 
 are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

First
 Note are to the promissory note in the principal amount of up to 250,000 that was
 issued by the company to our prior sponsor on September 23, 2020 and amended on January 22,
 2021; 

iii 

forward
 purchase agreement are to an agreement providing for the sale of forward purchase
 units (as defined below) to our prior sponsor in a private placement to occur concurrently
 with the closing of our initial business combination; 

forward
 purchase securities are to the forward purchase units, the forward purchase shares
 (as defined below) and the forward purchase warrants (as defined below); 

forward
 purchase shares are to Class A ordinary shares underlying the forward purchase units
 and the forward purchase warrants; 

forward
 purchase units are to the units to be sold pursuant to the forward purchase agreement,
 with each unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one warrant to purchase
 one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share; 

forward
 purchase warrants are to warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares underlying the
 forward purchase units; 

founder
 shares are to the Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our prior sponsor prior
 to our initial public offering and transferred to our sponsor in the Sponsor Transaction
 (as defined below) and the Class A ordinary shares that were issued upon the conversion of
 such Class B ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis at the election of our sponsor on January
 31, 2023 (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares are not public
 shares (as defined below)); 

Founder
 Conversion are to the conversion of the 6,250,000 Class B ordinary shares initially
 issued to our prior sponsor and transferred to our sponsor in the Sponsor Transaction into
 Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis at the election of our sponsor on January
 31, 2023; 

GAAP 
 are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS 
 are to the International Financial Reporting Standards,
 as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

Initial
 Extension Contribution are to our sponsor s initial loan to the company in the
 amount of 120,000 in connection with the Extension; 

initial
 public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by our company
 on February 22, 2021; 

initial
 shareholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering;

Investment
 Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS
 Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

Kismet
 LLC are to Kismet Capital Group LLC, an affiliate of our prior sponsor; 

management 
 or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

Nasdaq 
 are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

ordinary
 shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

Original
 Termination Date are to February 22, 2023, the original date by which the company
 had to consummate an initial business combination prior to the Extension Amendment; 

prior
 sponsor are to Kismet Sponsor Limited, a British Virgin Islands company; 

private
 placement are to the private placement of warrants that occurred simultaneously with
 the closing of our initial public offering; 

iv 

private
 placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our prior sponsor in the private
 placement and transferred to our sponsor in the Sponsor Transaction; 

public
 shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders
 and management team to the extent our initial shareholders and/or members of our management
 team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and member of
 our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist
 with respect to such public shares; 

public
 shares are to the Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial
 public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter
 in the open market); 

public
 warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public
 offering (whether they were subscribed for in our initial public offering or purchased in
 the open market); 

Quadro
 IH are to Quadro IH DMCC, a company registered in Dubai Multi Commodities Centre in
 the United Arab Emirates; 

Registration
 Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC
 (as defined below) on January 26, 2021, as amended, and declared effective on February 17,2021
 (File No. 333-252419); 

Report 
 are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC 
 are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Second
 Note are to the promissory note in the principal amount of up to 400,000 that was
 originally issued by our company to our prior sponsor on April 13, 2022, amended and restated
 on May 25, 2022, and assigned by our prior sponsor to our sponsor on June 30, 2022; 

Securities
 Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs 
 are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor 
 are to Quadro Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

Sponsor
 Transaction are to (i) the transfer of the founder shares and private placement warrants
 from our prior sponsor to our sponsor on June 15, 2022 and (ii) the transfer of all the membership
 interests of our sponsor from our prior sponsor to Quadro IH on June 30, 2022; 

Termination
 Date are to the date by which the company must consummate an initial business combination
 under the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; 

trust
 account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 230.0 million from
 the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and the private
 placement warrants was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

units 
 are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and
 one-third of one public warrant; 

Withum 
 are to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent registered public accounting firm; and 

working
 capital loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction
 costs in connection with a business combination, the initial shareholders or an affiliate
 of the initial shareholders or certain of the company s directors and officers may,
 but are not obligated to, loan the company. 

v 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

General 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on September 15, 2020. We were incorporated for the purpose
of engaging in an initial business combination with one or more businesses or entities. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
February 22, 2021 we consummated our initial public offering of 23,000,000 units, including 3,000,000 additional units to cover the underwriters 
over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant of the company, with each warrant
entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per whole share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00
per unit, generating gross proceeds to the company of 230.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 13.1 million, of
which approximately 8.1 million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 4,400,000 warrants to our prior sponsor
at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 6.6 million, and incurring offering costs of
approximately 7,000. 

A
total of 230.0 million, consisting of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and a portion of the proceeds of the private placement,
was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

We
originally had up to 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until February 22, 2023, to consummate an initial
business combination. However, on February 20, 2023, we held the 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting at which our shareholders approved
an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we must consummate an initial
business combination to April 22, 2023 and to allow our board, without another shareholder vote, to extend the Termination Date on a
monthly basis up to seven times for an additional one month each time until November 22, 2023, or a total of up to nine months after
the Original Termination Date. 

It
is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Dimitri Elkin,
our Chief Executive Officer. We must complete our initial business combination by April 22, 2023, 26 months from the closing of our initial
public offering (or November 22, 2023, 33 months from the closing of our initial public offering, if we fully extend the time by which
we must complete an initial business combination as described elsewhere in this Report). If our initial business combination is not consummated
by the Termination Date, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

Sponsor
Transaction and Name Change 

On
June 15, 2022, our prior sponsor transferred the 6,250,000 founder shares and 4,400,000 private placement warrants it held to our sponsor,
a wholly owned subsidiary of our prior sponsor. On June 30, 2022, our prior sponsor transferred all the membership interests of our sponsor
to Quadro IH. In connection with the Sponsor Transaction, our board appointed Dimitri Elkin to serve as the company s Chief Executive
Officer and principal financial and accounting officer. 

At
the 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting, our shareholders also approved our company s name change from Kismet Acquisition Two Corp.
to Quadro Acquisition One Corp. to better reflect the Sponsor Transaction. 

Business
Strategy 

We
seek to capitalize on the substantial deal sourcing, investing and operating expertise of our Chief Executive Officer, Dimitri Elkin,
and our sponsor. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry or sector and in any region, we have initially focused
on industries that complement our management team s background and network so we can capitalize on their ability to identify, acquire
and operate a business. We, therefore, have focused on companies in the internet and technology sectors. Due to the current unstable
situation, we have not searched for a business combination in Russia or Belarus, and instead are focusing on the wider area of Europe,
the Middle East and Africa EMEA ), especially the Middle East and Africa. We may, however, decide to enter into an initial
business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of these criteria and guidelines. 

1 

We
believe our sponsor s and management team s deal sourcing, investing and operating expertise, as well as their network of
contacts uniquely position us to take advantage of proprietary opportunities in the internet and technology sectors, where we believe
opportunities exist to acquire high growth companies that are scaling at an unprecedented pace by introducing new business models and
disrupting traditional industries. Moreover, we believe there are opportunities to consolidate assets across fragmented sub-sectors,
creating new majors with improved efficiencies and network effects through scale. We believe this expertise and network of contacts allows
us to generate a number of acquisition opportunities. 

Venture
capital investment in technology companies in Europe has tripled in the last five years and the number of unicorns in Europe has
increased 19 times over from 2015 through 2021. We believe there are a number of high-quality internet and technology companies
within that universe of the private companies with adequate scale to be attractive public companies in the United States. 

Additionally,
during the past several years numerous technology companies have been established by software development teams focusing on fintech,
online gaming, cloud computing, artificial intelligence and machine learning, distributed computing and data analytics. These companies
often achieved significant scale in Europe or North America and we believe would be attractive as public companies listed on Nasdaq. 

We
have, and intend to continue to, seek out potential targets that we believe have proven business models and attractive growth profiles.
We also believe our sponsor s and management team s extensive experience in deal sourcing from private and public sources,
as well as their advisory and consulting engagements, provide unique insight when identifying potential business combination opportunities
and creating value. We believe their experience and proximity to real-time information positions us to obtain access to differentiated
deal flow, frequently in a non-competitive manner and prior to other parties with an interest in such transactions. 

Under
conditions where the capital markets in EMEA are generally less developed than the U.S. capital markets, we believe we can provide the
target company with an attractive alternative path to a public listing or sale. 

Acquisition
Criteria 

Consistent
with this strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. We use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our
initial business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of these criteria and guidelines. 

We
seek to acquire companies that we believe: 

have strong competitive
 positions, proven business models and attractive growth prospects; 

have limited access to
 capital markets due to external factors; 

could
 benefit from the substantial expertise, experience and network of our sponsor and management team, who could assist with, for example,
 growth strategy, international expansion, operations and the evaluation and integration of acquisitions; 

are
 well positioned to participate in sector consolidation and would benefit from a public acquisition currency; and 

offer attractive risk-adjusted returns. 

These
criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination
may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria
that our management may deem relevant. 

2 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair
market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable,
if any, on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our
board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, with respect
to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own
shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however,
structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests
or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 
or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets
of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. Nasdaq rules require that our initial business
combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable, if any, on the income earned
on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If the business combination involves
more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we
will treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder
approval, as applicable. If our securities are not listed on Nasdaq after our initial public offering, we would not be required to satisfy
the 80 requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80 requirement even if our securities are not listed on Nasdaq at the time of
our initial business combination. 

Our
Acquisition Process 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a thorough due diligence review that encompasses, among other things, meetings with
incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information
that is made available to us. We also utilize our operational and capital planning experience. 

Given
our experience, we have the capacity to appropriately source opportunities and conduct a substantial portion of due diligence ourselves,
relying less on third parties than many other similar companies. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
or from an independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view.
Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

3 

Post-Acquisition
Leadership 

After
the initial business combination, we will seek to apply a rigorous approach to enhancing shareholder value through our participation
on the board of directors or through direct involvement with company operations or both. We intend to rely on the extensive professional
network of our founder including, long term associates and former employees and will assemble a team of industry experts that have the
most relevant expertise to enhance the shareholder value. 

Our
Management Team 

For
a description of our management team, See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance of this Report. 

Members
of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they have devoted and will continue
to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount
of time that our officers or any other members of our management devote in any time period varies based on whether a target business
has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Sourcing
of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We
believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial
number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed
a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through the activities of our management
team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target
management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. 

We
believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team provides us important sources of acquisition opportunities. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers
or directors, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive
officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

If
any of our executive officers becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of
any entity to which he has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. All of our executive officers currently have
certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer
a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation,
the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination
of shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various
costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost-effective
method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional
expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with
an initial business combination with us. 

4 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional
means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a
company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As
such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive
compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more
volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In
other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would
otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) (a) December 31, 2026, (b) the last day of the fiscal year in
which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the end of that year s second quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion
in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available in the trust account for an initial business combination in the amount of approximately 26.3 million as of April 17,
2023, assuming no further redemptions and prior to taking into account payment of 2,817,500 of remaining deferred underwriting fees,
and before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as
creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening
its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or
equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us
to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure
third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting
our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in any operations, and we will not engage in any operations until the consummation of our initial business
combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and
the private placement of the private placement warrants and the forward purchase securities, our share capital, debt or a combination
of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to
the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our public shares,
we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance
or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing
our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

5 

There
is no current basis for investors in our initial public offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with
which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular
target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a
target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control
or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would complete such financing only simultaneously
with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than
the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms
of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our
ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the forward purchase
agreement, at this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional
funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

We
originally had up to 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until February 22, 2023, to consummate an initial
business combination. However, on February 20, 2023, we held the 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting at which our shareholders approved
an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we must consummate an initial
business combination to April 22, 2023 and to allow our board, without another shareholder vote, to extend the Termination Date on a
monthly basis up to seven times for an additional one month each time until November 22, 2023, or a total of up to nine months after
the Original Termination Date. 

In
connection with the Extension, our sponsor or its designees contributed to us as a loan the Initial Extension Contribution of 120,000
for the portion of the Extension ending on April 22, 2023. Our sponsor will also loan us Extension Contributions of 60,000 per
month for each subsequent calendar month (commencing on April 22, 2023 and on the 22 nd day of each subsequent month)
until November 22, 2023, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination, which amount will be deposited
into the trust account. 

Each
additional monthly Extension Contribution will be deposited in the trust account on or before the 22nd day of such calendar month. Accordingly,
if we need until November 22, 2023, which is the full amount of time permitted by the Extension Amendment, to complete an initial business
combination, the redemption amount per share at the meeting for such business combination or our subsequent liquidation will be approximately
 10.34 per share (plus any applicable interest accrued). The amount of each Extension Contribution will not bear interest and will be
repayable by the company to our sponsor or its designees upon consummation of an initial business combination. We will have the sole
discretion whether to continue extending for additional calendar months until November 22, 2023. If we opt not to utilize any remaining
portion of the extension, then we will liquidate and dissolve promptly in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. 

Sources
of Target Businesses and Potential Finder s Fees 

Target
business candidates have been and we expect they will continue to be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources as a
result of our management s experience, execution history and ability to deploy capital. These sources include, but are not limited
to, investment bankers, private investment funds and other members of our network of business relationships. Target businesses may be
brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may
also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources
will have read the prospectus for our initial public offering or this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our
officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware
of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade
shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily
be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging
the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these
firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be
determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our
management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders
approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment
of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held
in the trust account. 

6 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair
market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable,
if any, on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair
market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted
by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value, discounted cash flow valuation
or value of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target
business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent
accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted
flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our
initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
any case, we will only complete our initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the outstanding
equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired
by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in
this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business
combination. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we have conducted and will continue to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses,
among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection
of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that is made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. We will not pay any finders or consulting
fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial
business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination, and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the
future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible
that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely
that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure
you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

7 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Under Nasdaq s listing
rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of ordinary
 shares then outstanding; 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a
 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly
 or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
 or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in outstanding ordinary
 shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the
 issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change
 of control. 

Permitted
Purchases of our Securities 

In
the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase
shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares such persons may purchase. However, they have no current commitments, plans or
intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our
sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a shareholder vote
relating to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such
transaction. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such
purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited
by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although
still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights.
In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender
offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under
the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules,
the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The
purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination and thereby increase the
likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of
beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading
of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

8 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or
by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial
business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase,
they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro
rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom
to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may
deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a
public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor,
officers, directors, and/or any of their affiliates will purchase shares only if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange
Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act will be made only to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe
harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain
technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers,
directors and/or any of their affiliates will not make purchases of Class A ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. 

As
of April 17, 2023, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.14 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into respective letter agreements with us, pursuant to which our sponsor has agreed
to waive its redemption rights with respect to its founder shares, and our sponsor, officer and directors have agreed to waive their
redemption rights with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering, in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination. Our directors will also agree to waive their redemption rights in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination with respect to any founder shares transferred to them by the sponsor. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a
tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement.
Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we
do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination transaction
with a target company in a manner that requires shareholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a shareholder
vote to approve the proposed business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer
rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek shareholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. 

9 

If
a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act,
 which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination
 which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business
 combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender
offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering
more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that
we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then
become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be
contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered
to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If,
however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A
 of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the
 tender offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares
voted are voted in favor of the business combination. In such case, our sponsor has agreed to vote its founder shares and any public
shares purchased during or after this offering in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors
have agreed to vote any public shares owned by them in favor of such proposed business combination. Our directors will also agree to
vote any founder shares transferred to them by the sponsor in favor of such proposed business combination. For purposes of seeking approval
of the majority of our outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination
once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior
written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. Each public
shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition,
our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into respective letter agreements with us, pursuant to which our sponsor has agreed
to waive its redemption rights with respect to its founder shares, and our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive their
redemption rights with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after this offering, in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination. Our directors will also agree to waive their redemption rights in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination with respect to any founder shares transferred to them by the sponsor. 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial
business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target
or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the
retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate
cash consideration we would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required
to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to
us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all public shares submitted for redemption will be returned
to the holders thereof. 

10 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Shareholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming
its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in this offering (the Excess Shares ), without
our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent
attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means
to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in this offering could threaten
to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 20 of the shares sold
in this offering without our consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to
block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with
a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be
restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer
documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business
combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC
System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such
delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close
of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials,
as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period,
it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking
to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating
such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact
such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had
an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the
company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open
market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders
were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion
of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery
prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

11 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the
date of the shareholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered
its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect
to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically).
It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed
promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete our initial business combination with
a different target until the Termination Date. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have until the Termination Date to complete our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 26-month period (or 33-month period if we fully extend the
time by which we must complete an initial business combination as described elsewhere in this Report), we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
all public shares then outstanding at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account, less any interest released to us for the payment of
taxes, if any (and less up to 100,000 in interest reserved for expenses in connection with our dissolution), divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our founder shares or warrants, which will expire
worthless if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within the above time period. The redemption of public shares from
the trust account shall be done automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and prior
to any voluntary winding up, although at all times subject to the Cayman Islands law. 

Pursuant
to a letter agreement with us, our sponsor has waived its rights, and our directors will also waive their rights, to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the Termination
Date. However, if our sponsor acquires public shares, it will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date. 

12 

Our
sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, each pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by the Termination Date, unless we provide our public
shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (and less up to 100,000 in interest reserved for expenses in connection with
our dissolution), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny
stock rules). 

It
is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution in the trust account will be only 10.00
per share initially held in the trust account. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims
of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share
redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business (except
our independent registered public accounting firm) execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute
such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including
but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party
that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial
to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior
to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing
to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future
as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account
for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have
discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account. This liability will not apply with
respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be
responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore,
we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our other officers or directors will indemnify
us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

13 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or
that it has no such indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our disinterested directors would determine whether to
take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our disinterested directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our disinterested
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by such
directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the disinterested directors determine that a favorable outcome is not
likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share
redemption price will not be less than 10.00 per public share. 

We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not
be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, we have access to up to approximately 1,000 of proceeds held outside
the trust account with which to pay any such potential claims plus interest released to us (including costs and expenses incurred in
connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it
is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust
account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be
viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore,
our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby
exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public
shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by the Termination Date, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
an initial business combination by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion
of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their public shares in connection with a shareholder vote described
in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion
of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not completed an initial business combination by the Termination Date, with
respect to such public ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind
to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s
voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 

14 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and may continue to
encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies,
private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are
well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover,
many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target
businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash to our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce
the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We
currently have one executive officer. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our
matters, but they have devoted and will continue to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have
completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team devotes in any time period varies
based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination
process. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our Class A ordinary shares under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we
file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports,
including this Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on an initial business combination meeting certain financial
significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial
statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These
financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances
and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial
statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide
such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame. 

We
are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal
control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy
of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

15 

We
are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman
Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied
for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions
Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law that is enacted in the Cayman
Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition,
that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will
be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or
in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest
or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) (a) December 31, 2026, (b) the last day of the fiscal year in which we
have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible
debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies
may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial
statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our
ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues
exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

16 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However,
below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the company and its operations: 

we are
 a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may
 not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed
 time frame; 

our expectations
 around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may
 not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers
 and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we may
 not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders requesting
 redemption; 

we may
 issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market
 price of our shares at that time; 

you may
 not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust
 account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active
 market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability
 to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business
 combination; 

our financial
 performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of
 revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there
 may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated
 with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes
 in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
 and complete an initial business combination; 

we may
 attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
 our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

17 

we may
 attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
 result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

our warrants
 are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported
 in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to
 consummate an initial business combination; 

since
 our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than
 with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers
 and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public shareholders would experience losses in connection
 with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate
 for our initial business combination; 

changes
 in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations,
 may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results
 of operations; 

the value
 of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal
 price paid for them, even if the trading price of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share; 

resources
 could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to
 locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination by the Termination Date,
 our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the
 liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in March
 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business
 combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed
 to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business
 combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the
 company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if we
 are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome
 compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to
 modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business
 combination and instead liquidate the company; 

to mitigate
 the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we have instructed the trustee,
 on February 10, 2023, to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust
 account in an interest bearing demand deposit account at Morgan Stanley until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business
 combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, we will receive
 less interest on the funds held in the trust account, which will likely reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive
 upon any redemption or liquidation of the company; 

we may engage one or more
 of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering,
 which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection
 with a related financing transaction. Two of our underwriters have waived their rights to receive the deferred underwriting commissions,
 but one underwriter is still entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only
 upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause that underwriter to have potential conflicts
 of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection
 with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may
 not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the
 target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations,
 including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; 

18 

recent
 increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an
 initial business combination; 

military
 conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more
 difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

there
 is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and 

we have
 identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop
 and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
 results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business
 and operating results. 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance
by financial institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The
funds in our operating account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest
bearing and interest-bearing accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance
limits. Should events, including limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the
banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally,
or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on
March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and
Innovation. Although we did not have any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee
that the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In
addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing
terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit
and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential
business combination, or at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results
of operations, and our prospects. Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this
time, there may be additional risks that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences
directly or indirectly from any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

We
have received a deficiency notice from Nasdaq notifying us that, as a result of failing to maintain a minimum of 300 public holders of
our ordinary shares, we are no longer in compliance with the Nasdaq listing rules. If we cannot regain compliance, our securities will
be subject to delisting and the liquidity and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected. 

On
February 28, 2023, we received a deficiency notice from Nasdaq notifying us that, as a result of failing to maintain a minimum of 300
public holders of our ordinary shares, we are no longer in compliance with the Nasdaq listing rules. On April 14, 2023, we submitted
a plan to regain compliance. If the plan is accepted, Nasdaq can grant an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date of the notice
to evidence compliance. We expect to regain compliance with Nasdaq listing rules prior to the expiration of the cure period provided
by Nasdaq. However, if we do not regain compliance, our securities will be subject to delisting
and the liquidity and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected. 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a limited
 availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

19 

a determination
 that our Class A ordinary shares is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares
 to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for
 our securities; 

a limited
 amount of news and analyst coverage; 

a decreased
 ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future; and 

being
 subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination. 

For
the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our (i) Registration
Statement, (ii) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March
31, 2022, (iii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2021, June 30, 2021, September 30, 2021,
March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on June 25, 2021, August 13, 2021, November 22, 2021, May
9, 2022, August 15, 2022, and November 14, 2022, respectively, and (iv) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as filed with the
SEC on January 31, 2023. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or
financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination.
We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
executive offices are located at 2685 Nottingham Avenue Los Angeles, CA 90027, and our telephone number is 1 (917) 361-1177. The cost
for our use of this space was included in the 10,000 per month fee we were obligated to pay to Kismet LLC, an affiliate of our prior
sponsor, for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services under the Administration Services Agreement. Such
fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were waived by our prior sponsor s affiliate. On June 30, 2022, in connection
with the Sponsor Transaction, the company and Kismet LLC mutually terminated the Administrative Services Agreement. As a result, we are
no longer obligated to pay a 10,000 monthly fee pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

To
the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors
in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

20 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market
 Information 

Our
units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols QRDOU,
QRDO and QRDOW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on February 18, 2021 , and
our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public trading on April 12, 2021 . 

(b) Holders 

On
April 17, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, and two holders of
record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if
any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of
any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time,
and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands
law. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the
foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare
dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On
January 31, 2023, we issued an aggregate of 6,250,000 Class A ordinary shares to the sponsor, upon the conversion of an equal number
of Class B ordinary shares held by the sponsor in the Founder Conversion. The 6,250,000 Class A ordinary shares issued in connection
with the Founder Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B ordinary shares before the Founder Conversion,
including, among others, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial
business combination as described in the prospectus for the initial public offering. Following the Founder Conversion and the redemptions
in connection with the Extension, there were 8,798,153 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding and no Class B Ordinary Shares
issued and outstanding. As a result of the Founder Conversion and the redemptions in connection with the Extension, the sponsor held
71.0 of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

(f) Use
 of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering 

For
a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on June 25, 2021. There has been no material
change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement.
Our specific investments in our trust account may change from time to time. 

On
February 10, 2023, we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the
funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at Morgan Stanley, with Continental continuing to act as trustee,
until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation
of investments in the trust account, the remaining proceeds from the initial public offering and private placement are no longer
invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

(g) Purchases
 of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

21 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking
statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on September 15, 2020. We were incorporated for the purpose
of engaging in an initial business combination with one or more businesses. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject
to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

Our
sponsor is Quadro Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. The registration statement for our initial public offering was declared
effective on February 17, 2021. On February 22, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 23,000,000 units, including 3,000,000
additional units to cover the underwriters over-allotment option, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 230.0 million,
and incurring offering costs of approximately 13.1 million, of which approximately 8.1 million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the private placement of 4,400,000 warrants, at a price of 1.50 per
private placement warrant, to our prior sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 6.6 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately
 7,000. 

Upon
the closing of the initial public offering and the private placement, 230.0 million 10.00 per unit) of the net proceeds of the initial
public offering and a portion of the proceeds of the private placement were placed in a trust account, with Continental acting as trustee,
and invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by
us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the trust account as described below. 

On
February 10, 2023, we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the
funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at Morgan Stanley, with Continental continuing to act as trustee,
until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation
of investments in the trust account, the remaining proceeds from the initial public offering and private placement are no longer
invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

Our
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the private
placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a business combination.
Our initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80 
of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable, if any, on the income
accrued on the trust account) at the time we sign a definitive agreement in connection with the initial business combination. However,
we will only complete a business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. 

If
we are unable to complete a business combination by the Termination Date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to
 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders
and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

22 

Recent
Developments 

On
January 31, 2023, we issued an aggregate of 6,250,000 Class A ordinary shares to the sponsor, upon the conversion of an equal number
of Class B ordinary shares held by the sponsor in the Founder Conversion. The 6,250,000 Class A ordinary shares issued in connection
with the Founder Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B ordinary shares before the Founder Conversion,
including, among others, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial
business combination as described in the prospectus for the initial public offering. 

On
February 20, 2023, we held the 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting at which our shareholders approved an amendment to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we must consummate an initial business combination to April
22, 2023, and to allow our board, without another shareholder vote, to extend the Termination Date on a monthly basis up to seven times
for an additional one month each time until November 22, 2023, or a total of up to nine months after the Original Termination Date (the
 Extension ). In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment, the holders
of 20,451,847 Class A ordinary shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately
 10.20 per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of approximately 208,524,538.33, in connection with the Extension Amendment. 

In
connection with the Extension, our sponsor or its designees contributed to us as a loan the initial contribution of 120,000 (the Initial
Extension Loan in February 2023 for the portion of the Extension ending on April 22, 2023. Our sponsor will also loan us extension
contributions of 60,000 per month for each subsequent calendar month (commencing on April 22, 2023 and on the 22nd day of each subsequent
month) until November 22, 2023, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination, which amount will be
deposited into the trust account (together with the Initial Extension Loan, the Extension Loans ). The amount of the Extension
Loans will not bear interest and will be repayable by us to the sponsor or its designees upon consummation of an initial business combination.
 In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held
outside the trust account to repay the Extension Loans, but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the Extension
Loans. 

Following
the Founder Conversion and the redemptions in connection with the Extension, there were 8,798,153 Class A ordinary shares issued and
outstanding and no Class B Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. 

At
the 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting, our shareholders also approved our company s name change from Kismet Acquisition Two Corp.
to Quadro Acquisition One Corp. to better reflect the Sponsor Transaction. 

On
March 27, 2023, our board of directors elected Konstantin Tourevski as a director and as a member of the audit committee to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of Verdi Israelyan. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1,000 in our operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately 421,000. 

Our
liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through a contribution of 25,000 from the prior sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange
for the issuance of the founder shares, a loan of approximately 111,000 from the prior sponsor pursuant to the First Note originally
issued on September 23, 2020 and amended on January 22, 2021, and a portion of the proceeds from the consummation of the private placement
not held in the trust account. We repaid the First Note in full on February 24, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility was no
longer available to us. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor or
an affiliate of the sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us working capital loans
in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts
outstanding under any working capital loans. 

On
April 13, 2022, we issued the Second Note, a promissory note in the amount of up to 200,000 to the prior sponsor. On May 25, 2022, we
and the prior sponsor amended and restated the Second Note and increased the principal amount to 400,000. The promissory note bears
no interest and is due and payable within one year from the date of the first drawdown of the amended and restated note, or June 7, 2023.
On June 30, 2022, the prior sponsor assigned all of its rights and obligations under the promissory note to our sponsor in connection
with the Sponsor Transaction. As of December 31, 2022, we have drawn approximately 319,000 under the Second Note. Subsequent to December
31, 2022, our sponsor loaned us additional approximately 79,000 under the Second Note, for a total outstanding balance of approximately
 360,000. 

We
may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our sponsor, our officers or directors or their affiliates.
Our sponsor, officers, directors and or their affiliates, may, but are not obligated to, loan our company funds, from time to time or
at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may
not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures
to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential
transaction, reducing overhead expenses, and extending the terms and due dates of certain accrued expenses and other liabilities. We
cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In connection with
our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation
of Financial Statements Going Concern, we have determined that the liquidity condition,
mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management
continues to seek to complete a business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. No adjustments have been made to the carrying
amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate by April 22, 2023. 

23 

Contractual
Obligations 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, except that, commencing
on February 17, 2021, through the earlier of consummation of the initial business combination and the liquidation, we agreed to pay Kismet
LLC, an affiliate of our prior sponsor, 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services.
Such fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were waived by Kismet LLC. 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022, was in preparation for our formation and our initial public offering, and since
the completion of our initial public offering, the search for business combination candidates. We will not be generating any operating
revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination at the earliest. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of approximately 8.7 million, which consisted of a non-operating gain of approximately
 5.9 million resulting from the change in the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities, approximately 155,000 gain from settlement
of deferred underwiring commissions allocated to derivative warrant liabilities and approximately 3.3 million of income from investments
held in trust account, partially offset by approximately 614,000 general and administrative expenses. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net income of approximately 3.1 million, which consisted of a non-operating gain of approximately
 4.9 million resulting from the change in the fair value of derivative assets and liabilities and approximately 39,000 of income from
investments held in trust account, partially offset by approximately 1.4 million general and administrative expenses and approximately
 395,000 in offering costs associated with issuance of warrants. 

Commitments
and Contingencies 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and
any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion
of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated February 17, 2021. The
holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities.
In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the completion of the initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. 

Pursuant
to the forward purchase agreement (described below), we agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts (i) to file within 30 days
after the closing of the initial business combination a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase
shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared
effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than sixty (60) days after the initial filing, and (iii) to maintain the effectiveness
of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which our sponsor or its assignees cease to hold the securities
covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule
144 under the Securities Act. In addition, the forward purchase agreement provides for piggy-back registration rights to
the holders of forward purchase securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us. 

24 

Forward
Purchase Agreement 

In
connection with the consummation of our initial public offering, we entered into a forward purchase agreement with our prior sponsor,
which provides for the purchase of 20.0 million of forward purchase units, which at the option of our prior sponsor can be increased
to 50.0 million, with each forward purchase unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one warrant to purchase one
Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, for a purchase price of 10.00 per forward purchase unit, in a private placement to occur
concurrently with the closing of the initial business combination. The purchase under the forward purchase agreement is required to be
made regardless of whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed by the public shareholders. The forward purchase securities will
be issued only in connection with the closing of the initial business combination. The proceeds from the sale of forward purchase securities
may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination, expenses in connection with the initial
business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company. We do not intend to implement the forward purchase agreement,
and on April 17, 2023, we sent a notice of mutual termination of the forward purchase agreement to the prior sponsor. 

Underwriting
Agreement 

We
granted the underwriters a 45-day option from February 17, 2021, to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional units at our initial public offering
price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 22, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option. 

The
underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or approximately 4.6 million in the aggregate, paid upon the
closing of our initial public offering. In addition, 0.35 per unit, or approximately 8.1 million in the aggregate will be payable to
the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held
in the trust account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

On
August 11, 2022 and September 6, 2022, two of the underwriters in the initial public offering irrevocably waived their rights to receive
an aggregate of approximately 5.2 million of deferred underwriting discounts due under the underwriting agreements consummated in connection
with the initial public offering. We recognized the portion allocated to Public Shares of approximately 5.0 million as an adjustment
to the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and the remaining balance of approximately 0.2 million
as a gain from extinguishment of deferred underwriting commissions allocated to derivative warrant liabilities. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Derivative
Assets and Liabilities 

We
do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial
instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 and
ASC Topic 815-15, Derivatives and Hedging . The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments
should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. 

We
account for our public warrants, private placement warrants and forward purchase units as derivative assets/liabilities in accordance
with ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging . Accordingly, we recognize the warrants and forward purchase units as assets/liabilities
at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each
balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value of derivative assets and liabilities is recognized in our statements
of operations. The fair value of our public warrants was initially measured using Monte-Carlo simulation and subsequently been measured
on the market price of such warrants when separately listed and traded at each measurement date. The fair value of the private placement
warrants was initially measured using Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model and subsequently using the market value of the public warrants.
The fair value of the forward purchase units has been measured using the John C Hull s Options, Futures and Other Derivatives model
at each measurement date. 

25 

Class
A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We
account for the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Class A ordinary shares
subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder
or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At
all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption
rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside
of the shareholders deficit section of the company s balance sheets. 

We
recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Effective with the closing of the initial public
offering, we recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional paid-in
capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net
Income per Ordinary Share 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares,
Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income
per ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the respective
period. 

The
calculation of diluted net income per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with our initial
public offering and the private placement to purchase an aggregate of 12,066,667 Class A ordinary shares because their exercise is contingent
upon future events. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption
value approximates fair value. 

Share-based
Compensation 

We
comply with the accounting and disclosure requirement of ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation. We record share-based
compensation to employees and non-employees over the requisite service period based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the awards.
Share-based awards with graded-vesting schedules are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each separately
vesting portion of the award. We recognize the expense for share-based compensation awards subject to performance-based milestone vesting
over the remaining service period when management determines that achievement of the milestone is probable. Management evaluates when
the achievement of a performance-based milestone is probable based on the expected satisfaction of the performance conditions at each
reporting date. Share-based compensation will be recognized in general and administrative expense in the statements of operations. We
issued option awards that contain both a performance condition and service condition. The option awards vest upon the consummation of
the initial business combination and will expire in five years after the date on which they first become exercisable. We have determined
that the consummation of an initial business combination is a performance condition subject to significant uncertainty. As such, the
achievement of the performance is not deemed to be probable of achievement until the consummation of the event, and therefore no compensation
has been recognized for the period from inception to December 31, 2022. 

26 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statement. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did
not have any commitments or contractual obligations. 

JOBS Act 

The
JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify
as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth
public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted
by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about
the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee
compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until
we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Factors
That May Adversely Affect our Results of Operations 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot
at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they
may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

27 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-23 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and principal financial and accounting officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of the end of the period covered by this Report, due to because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the company s management has concluded that our control around the interpretation
and accounting for extinguishment of a significant contingent obligation was not effectively designed or maintained. In light of this
material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance
with GAAP. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material respects
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. Specifically, our management has concluded that
our control around the interpretation and accounting for extinguishment of a significant contingent obligation was not effectively designed
or maintained. 

In
light of this material weakness, we have enhanced our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements
to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial statements including making
greater use of third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation
plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects.
We believe our efforts will enhance our controls relating to accounting for complex financial transactions, but we can offer no assurance
that our controls will not require additional review and modification in the future as industry accounting practice may evolve over time.
Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Report present fairly in all material respects our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

28 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial
statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting
were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to
our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than as described above, there have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended
December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

29 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

As
of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Dimitri
 Elkin 
 
 54 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Clifford
 Tompsett 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Leonid
 Zilber 
 
 45 
 
 Director 
 
 Konstantin
 Tourevski 
 
 47 
 
 Director 

The
experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: 

Dimitri
Elkin has served as our Chief Executive Officer since June 2022. Mr. Elkin has been serving as Chief Executive Officer and a
director of Twelve Seas Investment Company II since July 2020. From December 2017 until December 2019, he also served as Chief Executive
Officer of Twelve Seas Investment Company. Since April 2013, Mr. Elkin has been a Founding Partner of Twelve Seas Limited. From 2007
to April 2013, Mr. Elkin served as General Partner of UFG Private Equity, a private-equity firm. From 2003 to 2006, Mr. Elkin was a Founding
Partner at GIC Capital, a U.S. private equity firm. From 1998 to 2003, Mr. Elkin served as an investment executive at Kohlberg Kravis
Roberts Co., heading its activities in the former Soviet Union and Eastern Europe. From 1996 to 1998, Mr. Elkin served as an investment
banker at Lehman Brothers. Mr. Elkin previously served as a director of multiple corporate entities. Mr. Elkin graduated from Moscow
State University and received an MBA from Harvard Business School. 

Clifford
Tompsett has served as one of our independent directors since February 2021. Since February 2021, Mr. Tompsett has also served
as a director of Kismet Acquisition Three Corp. (Nasdaq: KIII), a blank check company formed for substantially similar purposes as our
company. Previously, Mr. Tompsett served in various roles at PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP PwC from 1979 to 2017. Mr. Tompsett
was a partner at PwC until he retired in June 2017. He was also an audit partner until 2003 when he then specialized in capital markets
and transaction work, advising companies on the execution of complex transactions in the London, U.S. and Hong Kong markets. He founded
and led PwC s Global IPO Centre and founded and built PwC s Equity Advisory business. He has significant experience working
with companies preparing for an IPO, including advising on corporate governance, financial reporting, controls and risk management. He
also has extensive experience working with SPACs on their initial public offerings and initial acquisitions. From August 2020 to August
2021, Mr. Tompsett served as a director of Kismet Acquisition One Corp. Mr. Tompsett is a Non-Executive Director and Chair of the Audit
Committee of Thomas Lloyd Energy Impact Trust plc, a renewable infrastructure fund, and Reed Global Limited, a recruitment business.
Until August 2020, he was also the Senior Independent Director and Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee of Cello Health plc. He is a
Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and has an MA in Chemistry from Oxford University. We believe Mr.
Tompsett is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive financial experience. 

Leonid
Zilber has served as one of our independent directors since February 2021. Mr. Zilber is a Founder and Managing Partner
of Agnostic Ventures, LP, an early-stage fund founded in 2017. Prior to founding Agnostic Ventures, LP, from 2011 to 2017, Mr. Zilber
was a principal and a member of the investment committee of Siguler Guff Technology Fund, a fund of Siguler Guff, LP, a private equity
fund with a focus on investments in emerging markets. Mr. Zilber led Siguler Guff LP s investments in the technology space
in Eastern Europe and served as an expert for the firm s technology investments in Brazil, India and China. He started his venture
capital career with Valhalla Partners, LP, an early-stage fund, where he helped several of his portfolio companies in the successful
completion of mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Zilber currently serves, or has served, on several boards, including Virgin Hyperloop,
a next generation transportation company, Standard Cognition, an AI company, Picsart, an online photo and video editing app, and Maximum
Education, a leading online education, among others. Mr. Zilber is a member of the North America Venture Association. He received
his B.S. in Computer Science from Rutgers University and his M.S. in Computer Science from University of California. We believe Mr. Zilber
is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive investment and management experience. 

Konstantin
Tourevski has served as one of our independent directors since
March 2023. Mr. Tourevski is a managing partner at New Age Alpha, LLC, an asset management firm,
where he oversees fixed income and alternative investments. As member of senior management, he is involved in all aspects of the business
including fund management, the firm s proprietary index offerings and its custom direct indexing platform as well as general management
and business development activities. Prior to joining New Age Alpha, LLC, Mr. Tourevski spent sixteen years (June 2003 September
2019) managing investments at Loews Corporation (NYSE: L). After joining their investment team as a research associate, he went on to
hold several roles with increased responsibility encompassing research, trading, and portfolio management. Prior to leaving, Mr. Tourevski
was responsible for High Yield Bonds and was part of a small team of senior portfolio managers tasked with setting the firm s overall
investment strategy. Before joining Loews Corporation, Mr. Tourevski worked in fixed-income research at JP Morgan Investment Management
from June 1999 to August 2001, where he focused on issuers in technology, telecom, media, gaming, and leisure industries. His other business
interests include ownership in a private holding company operating several childcare staffing franchises and a real estate management
and development business with focus on vacation rental properties. Mr. Tourevski is a CFA charterholder and holds a B.A. in Economics
from New York University, summa cum laude , and an MBA with honors from Columbia Business School. We believe Mr. Tourevski
is well-qualified to serve as a member of the Board because of his extensive investment and management experience. 

30 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for
those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first
class of directors, consisting of Mr. Tompsett, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second
class of directors, consisting of Mr. Tourevski, will expire at the second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the
third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Zilber, will expire at the third annual meeting of shareholders. We may not hold an annual
meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers
may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer
and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee, each of which is composed solely of
independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors and has the composition
and responsibilities described below. 

Audit
Committee 

The
members of our audit committee are Messrs. Tourevski, Tompsett and Zilber. Mr. Tompsett serves as chairman of the audit committee. Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Tompsett qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment,
 compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other
 independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all
 audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered
 public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the independent registered public accounting
 firm have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

31 

obtaining
 a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered
 public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
 authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken
 to deal with such issues; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated
 by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the FASB, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
members of our compensation committee are Messrs. Tompsett and Zilber. Mr. Zilber will serve as chairman of the compensation committee. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
 evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the
 remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers
 and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

32 

The
compensation committee charter provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a
compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser, and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight
of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel
or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required
by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors
may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors
can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing
nominating committee. The directors who participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Tourevski,
Tompsett and Zilber. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq Rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing
nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders).
Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. 

Code
of Ethics and Committee Charters 

We
have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws. We have filed a copy of our code of ethics, our audit committee charter and our compensation committee charter as exhibits to our
Registration Statement. You may also review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov.
In addition, a copy of the code of ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class
of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our ordinary shares
and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished
to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports
applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, except Tavrin Ivan, the company s former Chief Executive Officer, failed to timely file one
Form 4. 

33 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

None
of our executive officers has received any cash (or non-cash) compensation for services rendered to us. Pursuant to the Administration
Services Agreement, commencing on February 17, 2021, we agreed to pay Kismet LLC, an affiliate of our prior sponsor, a total of up to
 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Such fees for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 were waived by Kismet LLC. On June 30, 2022, in connection with the Sponsor Transaction, the company and Kismet LLC
mutually terminated the Administrative Services Agreement. As a result, we are no longer obligated to pay a 10,000 monthly fee pursuant
to the Administrative Services Agreement. 

Commencing
on February 17, 2021, , we paid our initial directors a fee of 40,000 each. On May 25, 2022, Mr. Verdi Israelyan, a former director,
waived his right to receive a payment of 40,000. We also granted two of our independent directors, Messrs. Tompsett and Zilber, an option
each to purchase 40,000 ordinary shares at an exercise price of 10.00 per share, which will vest upon the consummation of our initial
business combination and will expire five years after the date on which it first became exercisable. All of the options that we granted
to our directors provide for vesting in full if such individuals are not retained by us (or any successor entity resulting from our initial
business combination) upon the consummation of our initial business combination. Further, following the approval of the Extension, our
compensation committee has approved the transfers by our sponsor of (a) 15,000 founder shares to each of Messrs. Zilber and Tourevski
and (b) 20,000 founder shares to Mr. Tompsett as additional compensation, which transfers will take place prior to the closing of our
initial business combination. Both the founder shares and the options granted to our directors are subject to forfeiture in the event
a director ceases to serve on our board prior to the closing of a business combination. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers
and directors, or any of their respective affiliates are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit
committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any
compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either
by a compensation committee constituted solely of independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of
directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

34 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 17, 2023 based on information
obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding ordinary
 shares; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In
the table below, the presentation gives effect to the Founder Conversion, in which our sponsor elected to convert on a one-for-one basis
6,250,000 Class B ordinary shares into 6,250,000 Class A ordinary shares, and accordingly, percentage ownership is based on 8,798,153
ordinary shares issued and outstanding as of April 17, 2023, consisting of (i) 8,798,153 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) no
Class B ordinary shares. On all matters to be voted upon, holders of the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary
shares vote together as a single class, expect as otherwise required under applicable law. Our sponsor consummated the Founder Conversion,
in part, on the basis that having additional Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding may assist our company in meeting applicable
continued listing requirements of Nasdaq. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants
as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A
 Ordinary Shares 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate
 Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 Quadro
 Sponsor LLC (our sponsor) (2) 
 6,250,000 
 71.0 
 
 Dimitri
 Elkin (2) 
 6,250,000 
 71.0 
 
 Clifford
 Tompsett (3) 

Leonid
 Zilber (3) 

Konstantin
 Tourevski 

All directors and officers
 as a group (3 individuals) (2) 
 6,250,000 
 71.0 
 
 Other
 5 Shareholders 

Glazer
 Capital, LLC (4) 
 2,274,961 
 25.9 
 
 First
 Trust Capital Management L.P. (5) 
 2,189,134 
 24.9 
 
 Nomura
 Holdings, Inc. (6) 
 1,299,525 
 14.8 

1) Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the above entities or individuals is 2685
 Nottingham Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90027. 

2) Interests
 shown consist solely of founder shares. Our sponsor is the record holder of such securities.
 On January 31, 2023, our sponsor elected to convert on a one-for-one basis 6,250,000 Class
 B ordinary shares into 6,250,000 Class A ordinary shares in the Founder Conversion. According
 to a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on February 24, 2023, Quadro IH and Twelve Seas
 Management Company LLC Twelve Seas are the two managing members of our sponsor
 and may therefore be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the securities held by our sponsor
 and to have shared voting and dispositive control over such securities. Messrs. Elkin and
 Pukas each has control over the voting and investment decisions made by Twelve Seas and Quadro
 IH, respectively, and as such may be deemed to have beneficial ownership over such securities.
 The business address of our sponsor is 228 Park Avenue S., Suite 89898, New York, NY 10003.
 The business address of Quadro IH is DMCC Business Centre, 3029, Dubai, UAE. The business
 address of Twelve Seas is 228 Park Avenue S., Suite 89898, New York, NY 10003.
 The business address of Mr. Elkin is 2685 Nottingham Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90027.
 The business address of Mr. Pukas is DMCC Business Centre, 3029, Dubai, UAE. 

3) Share
 information excludes an option to purchase 40,000 Class A ordinary shares at an exercise
 price of 10.00 per share, which will vest upon the consummation of our initial business
 combination and will expire five years after the date on which it first became exercisable. 

35 

4) According
 to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Glazer Capital,
 LLC Glazer Capital and Paul J. Glazer, who serves as the Managing Member
 of Glazer Capital, each of Glazer Capital and Mr. Glazer share voting and dispositive
 power over all Class A ordinary shares held by certain funds and managed accounts to
 which Glazer Capital serves as investment manager and may be deemed the beneficial owners
 of such securities. The number of public shares held by Glazer Capital and Mr. Glazer
 is reported as of December 31, 2022, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by either
 Glazer Capital and Mr. Glazer in connection with the Extension or any other transactions
 after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set
 forth in the table may not reflect the current beneficial ownership of Glazer Capital and
 Mr. Glazer. The business address of each of Glazer Capital and Mr. Glazer is 250
 West 55 th Street, Suite 30A, New York, New York 10019. 

5) According
 to a Schedule 13G jointly filed on February 14, 2023 by First Trust Merger Arbitrage Fund
 VARBX ), First Trust Capital Management L.P. FTCM ), First Trust
 Capital Solutions L.P. FTCS and FTCS Sub GP LLC Sub GP , together
 with VARBX, FTCM and FTCS, the First Trust Parties ), FTCM is an investment
 adviser registered with the SEC that provides investment advisory services to, among others,
 (i) series of Investment Managers Services Trust II, specifically the First Trust Multi-Strategy
 Fund and VARBX, and (ii) Highland Capital Management Institutional Fund II, LLC (collectively,
 the Client Accounts ,). As investment adviser to the Client Accounts, FTCM has
 the authority to invest the funds of the Client Accounts in securities (including the reported
 Class A ordinary shares) as well as the authority to purchase, vote and dispose of securities,
 and may thus be deemed the beneficial owner of the reported Class A ordinary shares held
 in the Client Accounts. FTCS and Sub GP may be deemed to control FTCM and therefore may be
 deemed to be beneficial owners of the reported Class A ordinary shares. No one individual
 controls FTCS or Sub GP. FTCS and Sub GP do not own any Class A ordinary shares for their
 own accounts. As of December 31, 2022, VARBX owned 2,134,134 Class A ordinary shares, while
 FTCM, FTCS and Sub GP collectively owned 2,189,134 Class A ordinary shares. The number of
 public shares held by the First Trust Parties is reported as of December 31, 2022, which
 does not reflect any redemption of shares by the First Trust Parties in connection with the
 Extension or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public
 shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect the current beneficial
 ownership of the First Trust Parties. The business address of FTCM, FTCS and Sub GP is 225
 W. Wacker Drive, 21st Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. The business address of VARBX is 235 West
 Galena Street, Milwaukee, WI 53212. 

6) According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Nomura Global Financial Products,
 Inc. NGFP beneficially owns 1,299,525 Class A ordinary shares. NGFP is a
 wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc. NHI ), which accordingly may
 be deemed to beneficially own the shares beneficially owned by NGFP. The number of public
 shares held by NGFP and NHI is reported as of December 31, 2022, which does not reflect any
 redemption of shares by either NGFP and NHI in connection with the Extension or any other
 transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages
 set forth in the table may not reflect the current beneficial ownership of NGFP and NHI.
 The business address of NHI is 13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-8645, Japan.
 The business address of NGFP is Worldwide Plaza, 309 West 49th Street, New York, NY 10019. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions 

On
September 21, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 4,812,500 Class B ordinary shares to our prior sponsor for a total subscription price
of 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share. Such shares are fully paid, and the cash amount of the subscription price was received
on September 23, 2020. On January 25, 2021, we effected a dividend, resulting in our prior sponsor holding an aggregate of
6,250,000 Class B ordinary shares. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of our initial public offering, our prior sponsor purchased 4,400,000 private placement warrants at a price of
 1.50 per warrant, generating proceeds of 6,600,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share
at 11.50 per share. 

On
June 15, 2022, in the Sponsor Transaction, our prior sponsor transferred the 6,250,000 Class B ordinary shares and 4,400,000 private
placement warrants to our sponsor. Our sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of its founder shares until the earlier to
occur of (i) one year after the date of the consummation of the initial business combination, or earlier if, subsequent to the initial
business combination, (x) the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted
for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
at least 150 days after the initial business combination or (y) the company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. 

Our
sponsor will be permitted to transfer the private placement warrants held by it to certain permitted transferees, including our officers
and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to it, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject
to the same agreements with respect to such securities as our sponsor. Otherwise, these private placement warrants will not, subject
to certain limited exceptions, be transferable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. 

On
January 31, 2023, our sponsor elected to convert on a one-for-one basis the 6,250,000 Class B ordinary shares into 6,250,000 Class A
ordinary shares in the Founder Conversion. The founder shares following the Founder Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as
the Class B ordinary shares before the Founder Conversion, including, among others, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption
rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering.
The founder shares are entitled to registration rights. 

36 

On
February 17, 2021, we entered into a forward purchase agreement with our prior sponsor, which provides for the purchase of 20,000,000
of units, which at the option of our prior sponsor can be increased to up to 50,000,000, with each unit consisting of one Class A
ordinary share and one-third of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, for a purchase price
of 10.00 per unit, in a private placement to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. The purchase under
the forward purchase agreement is required to be made regardless of whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed by our public
shareholders. The forward purchase securities will be issued only in connection with the closing of the initial business combination.
The proceeds from the sale of forward purchase securities may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in our initial business
combination, expenses in connection with our initial business combination or for working capital in the post-transaction company.
We do not intend to implement the forward purchase agreement, and on April 17, 2023, we sent a notice of mutual termination of the forward
purchase agreement to the prior sponsor. 

None
of our executive officers has received any cash (or non-cash) compensation for services rendered to us. Pursuant to the Administration
Services Agreement, commencing on February 17, 2021, we agreed to pay Kismet LLC, an affiliate of our prior sponsor, a total of up to
 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Such fees for the years ended December
31, 2021 and 2022 were waived by Kismet LLC. On June 30, 2022, in connection with the Sponsor Transaction, the company and Kismet LLC
mutually terminated the Administrative Services Agreement. As a result, we are no longer obligated to pay a 10,000 monthly fee pursuant
to the Administrative Services Agreement. 

On
September 23, 2020, we issued the First Note to our prior sponsor. The First Note was amended on January 22, 2021. Pursuant to the First
Note, our prior sponsor agreed to loan us up to 250,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. The
First Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of our initial
public offering. As of February 22, 2021, we had borrowed approximately 111,000 under the First Note. We repaid the First Note in full
on February 24, 2021. 

On
April 13, 2022, we issued the Second Note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 200,000 to our prior sponsor. On May 25, 2022,
the Second Note was amended to increase the principal amount to 400,000. The Second Note bears no interest, may be prepaid at any time
and is due and payable within one year from the date of the first drawdown of the amended and restated note, or June 7, 2023. On June
30, 2022, our prior sponsor assigned all of its rights and obligations under the Second Note our sponsor in connection with the Sponsor
Transaction. As of December 31, 2022, we had drawn approximately 319,000 under the Second Note. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, our
sponsor loaned us additional approximately 79,000 under the Second Note, for a total outstanding balance of approximately 360,000. 

In
connection with the Extension, our sponsor or its designees contributed to the company as a loan the Initial Extension Contribution of
 120,000 for the portion of the Extension ending on April 22, 2023. Our sponsor will also loan the company Extension Contributions
of 60,000 per month for each subsequent calendar month (commencing on April 22, 2023 and on the 22 nd day of each subsequent
month) until November 22, 2023, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial business combination, which amount will be
deposited into the trust account. 

Each
additional monthly Extension Contribution will be deposited in the trust account on or before the 22nd day of such calendar month. Accordingly,
if we need until November 22, 2023, which is the full amount of time permitted by the Extension Amendment, to complete an initial business
combination, the redemption amount per share at the meeting for such business combination or the company s subsequent liquidation
will be approximately 10.48 per share (plus any applicable interest accrued). The amount of each Contribution will not bear interest
and will be repayable by the company to our sponsor or its designees upon consummation of an initial business combination. We will have
the sole discretion whether to continue extending for additional calendar months until November 22, 2023. If we opt not to utilize
any remaining portion of the extension, then we will liquidate and dissolve promptly in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. 

37 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us working capital loans as may be required.
If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such working capital loans. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such working capital loans but no
proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at
a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including,
as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such working capital loans have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our
sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek
access to funds in our trust account. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any working capital loans. 

Other
than as described above and under Item 11. Executive Compensation, no compensation of any kind, including finder s
and consulting fees, has been or will be paid to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals are
reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments
that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and
director compensation. 

On
February 17, 2021, we entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, warrants issuable
upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing, which
is described under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Tourevski, Tompsett and
Zilber qualifies as an independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent
directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

38 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees 

Audit
fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Withum for professional services rendered for the audit
of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other
required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 49,561 and 115,360, respectively.
The aggregate fees of Withum related to audit services in connection with our initial public offering totaled approximately 15,450.
The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 we did not pay Withum any audit-related fees. 

Tax
Fees 

We
did not pay Withum for tax services, planning or advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All
Other Fees 

We
did not pay Withum for any other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

39 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial
 Statements 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #100) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance
 Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to
 Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

(2) Financial
 Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

40 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #100) 
 F-2 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Balance
 Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements
 of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements
 of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements
 of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

Quadro
Acquisition One Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Quadro Acquisition One Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis
of Matter Restatement of Unaudited Interim Financial Statements 

As
discussed in Note 6 to the financial statements, the Company previously accounted for its deferred underwriting fee waiver as a forgiveness
of debt and recorded a gain on its statements of operations. Management has since re-evaluated its accounting treatment for the forgiveness
and has determined that the forgiveness should have been treated as a credit to shareholders equity (deficit). Accordingly, the
September 30, 2022 unaudited interim financial statements have been restated to correct the accounting and related disclosure for the
forgiveness of the deferred underwriting fee. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, if the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business
combination by April 22, 2023 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition
and date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 

April
17, 2023 

PCAOB
ID Number 

F- 2 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Total
 current assets 

Investments
 held in Trust Account 

Derivative
 assets - forward purchase agreement 
 - 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities,
 Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 

Accounts
 payable - related party 
 - 

Accrued
 expenses 

Note
 payable - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 current liabilities 

Derivative
 liabilities - warrants 

Deferred
 underwriting commissions 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares at approximately and per share redemption value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Shareholders 
 Deficit: 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; no non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 shareholders deficit 

Total
 Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating
 expenses 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Loss
 from Operations 

Change
 in fair value of derivative assets and liabilities 

Offering
 costs associated with issuance of warrants 
 - 

Gain
 from extinguishment of deferred underwriting commissions allocated to derivative warrant liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Income
 from investments held in Trust Account 

Net
 income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, basic 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Ordinary
 Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 
 Shareholders 

Class
 A 
 Class
 B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 - December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

Excess
 cash received over the fair value of the private warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Accretion
 on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

- 

Adjustment
 for accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash
 Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net
 income 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change
 in fair value of derivative assets and liabilities 

Offering
 costs associated with issuance of warrants 
 - 

Gain
 from extinguishment of deferred underwriting commissions allocated to derivative warrant liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Income
 from investments held in Trust Account 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Accounts
 payable 

Accounts
 payable - related party 

Accrued
 expenses 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash
 deposited in Trust Account 
 - 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 
 - 

Cash
 Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds
 from note payable to related party 

Repayment
 of note payable to related party 
 - 

Proceeds
 received from initial public offering, gross 
 - 

Proceeds
 received from private placement 
 - 

Offering
 costs paid 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 change in cash 

Cash
 - beginning of the year 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 - end of the year 

Supplemental
 disclosure of noncash activities: 

Offering
 costs included in accrued expenses 
 - 

Deferred
 underwriting commissions 
 - 

Extinguishment
 of deferred underwriting commissions allocated to public shares 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and,
with respect to the Class A Ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the Public Shares ), including additional
Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million,
and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting
commissions (see Note 6). 

warrants
(each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per
Private Placement Warrant with the Prior Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately
 (see Note 4). 

Class B ordinary shares and Private Placement Warrants
held by the Prior Sponsor to Quadro Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of the Prior Sponsor
(the New Sponsor or Sponsor ). On June 30, 2022, the Prior Sponsor transferred all the membership interests
of the New Sponsor to Quadro IH DMCC Quadro ), a company registered in Dubai Multi Commodities Centre in the United Arab
Emirates (the Sponsor Transaction ). In connection with the Sponsor Transaction, the Prior Sponsor also assigned to the
New Sponsor all of its rights and obligations under the (i) Letter Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2021, (ii) Registration Rights
Agreement (as defined in Note 5) and (iii) Promissory Note (as defined below). In addition, the Company and Kismet Capital Group LLC Kismet LLC mutually terminated the Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 17, 2021 (the Administrative
Services Agreement ). As a result, the Company is no longer obligated to pay a monthly fee to Kismet LLC pursuant
to the Administrative Services Agreement. 

million per Unit) of the net proceeds
of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Continental acting as trustee and invested in U.S. government treasury
obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act of 1940 (the Investment Company Act ), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as
determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account
as described below. 

F- 7 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions and taxes payable, if any, on the income accrued on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement
in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

per
share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its
tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by
the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (see Note 6). These Public Shares were recorded at a redemption
value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity ASC 480 ). In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net
tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares are voted in
favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder
vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
which were adopted by the Company upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the Memorandum and Articles of Association ),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
a Business Combination. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain
shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their
Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in
connection with a Business Combination, the holder of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) prior to the Initial Public Offering
(the Initial Shareholder agreed to vote its Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial
Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholder agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect
to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. 

or more of the Class A Ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of
the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete
a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares
in conjunction with any such amendment. 

F- 8 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(the Initial Extension Loan in February 2023 for the portion of the extension ending on April 22, 2023. The Sponsor will
also loan the company extension contributions of per month for each subsequent calendar month (commencing on April 22, 2023 and
on the 22nd day of each subsequent month) until November 22, 2023, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial Business
Combination, which amount will be deposited into the Trust Account (together with the Initial Extension Loan, the Extension Loans ). 

in interest reserved for expenses in connection with the Company s dissolution), divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and
the requirements of other applicable law. 

of the Company s outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust
Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay the Company s taxes payable (less up to
 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). 

In the event
that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any
liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust
Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with
the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately
 . 

from the Prior Sponsor to cover certain
expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, a loan of approximately from the Prior Sponsor pursuant to
the IPO Note (as defined in Note 5), and a portion of the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust
Account. The Company repaid the IPO Note in full on February 24, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were
no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

F- 9 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to the Prior Sponsor (the Promissory
Note ). On May 25, 2022, the Company and the Prior Sponsor amended the Promissory Note agreement and increased the principal amount
to . The Promissory Note bears no interest and is due and payable within one year from the date of the first drawdown of the
amended and restated note, or June 7, 2023. On June 30, 2022, the Prior Sponsor assigned all of its rights and obligations under the
Promissory Note to the New Sponsor in connection with the Sponsor Transaction. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has drawn approximately
 under the Promissory Note. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the New Sponsor loaned us additional approximately 
under the Promissory Note, for a total outstanding balance of approximately . 

F- 10 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to
such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

F- 11 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 12 

QUADRO
 ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of the Company s balance
sheets. 

after the date on which they first become exercisable. The Company
has determined that the consummation of an initial Business Combination is a performance condition subject to significant uncertainty.
As such, the achievement of the performance is not deemed to be probable of achievement until the consummation of the event, and therefore
no compensation has been recognized for the period from inception to December 31, 2022. 

F- 13 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares since their exercise
is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the
redemption value approximates fair value. 

Allocation of net income - diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding,
 basic 

Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding,
 diluted 

Basic net income per ordinary share 

Diluted net income per ordinary share 

Units, including Over-Allotment Units,
at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which
approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

per share, subject to adjustment
(see Note 7). 

F- 14 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Private Placement
Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant with the Prior Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million,
and incurring offering costs of approximately . On June 15, 2022, the Prior Sponsor transferred Private Placement
Warrants to the New Sponsor. 

per share. A portion of
the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants to the Prior Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement
Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis so
long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

The purchase under the Forward Purchase Agreement is required to be made regardless
of whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed by the Public Shareholders. The Forward Purchase Securities will be issued only in
connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination. The proceeds from the sale of Forward Purchase Securities may be used
as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Business Combination, expenses in connection with the initial Business Combination
or for working capital in the post-transaction company. We do not intend to implement the forward purchase agreement, and on April 17,
2023, we sent a notice of mutual termination of the forward purchase agreement to the prior sponsor. The Company classified the Forward
Purchase Units as derivative instruments on the accompanying balance sheets. The initial value of the Forward Purchase Units was insignificant,
and the Company recognized a (loss) gain in the change in the fair value of the derivative assets and liabilities of approximately )
and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as reflected in the statements of operations. 

Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder
Shares to the Prior Sponsor. On September 23, 2020, the Prior Sponsor paid an aggregate of for certain expenses
on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of the Founder Shares. On January 25, 2021, the Company effected a stock dividend of shares
with respect to Class B ordinary shares, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. The Prior Sponsor
agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of Founder Shares, on a pro rata basis, to the extent that the option to purchase
additional Units was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering plus the Forward Purchase Shares underlying the Forward
Purchase Units (which at the option of the Prior Sponsor can be increased to up to Forward Purchase Shares). On February
22, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option; thus, these Founder Shares were no longer subject
to forfeiture. 

Founder Shares to the New Sponsor. 

F- 15 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

to cover costs related to the Initial Public Offering
pursuant to a promissory note, which was later amended on January 22, 2021 (the IPO Note ). The IPO Note was non-interest
bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of February 22, 2021, the Company borrowed approximately
 under the IPO Note. The Company repaid the IPO Note in full on February 24, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility
was no longer available to the Company. 

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity
at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the
terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no borrowings under any Working Capital Loans. 

. On May 25, 2022, the
Prior Sponsor amended the Promissory Note agreement and increased the principal amount to . The Promissory Note bears no interest,
may be prepaid at any time and is due and payable within one year from the date of the first drawdown of the amended and restated note,
or June 7, 2023. On June 30, 2022, the Prior Sponsor assigned all of its rights and obligations under the Promissory Note to the New
Sponsor in connection with the Sponsor Transaction. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has drawn approximately under
the Promissory Note. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the New Sponsor loaned us additional approximately under the Promissory
Note, for a total outstanding balance of approximately . 

per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative
services. Fees for such services were waived for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

monthly fee pursuant to the Administrative Services
Agreement. 

each.
 On May 25, 2022, Mr. Verdi Israelyan, a former director, waived his right to receive a payment of . The
Company also granted two of its independent directors, Messrs. Tompsett and Zilber, an option each to
purchase Class A ordinary shares at an exercise price of per share, which will vest upon the consummation
of the initial Business Combination and will expire after the date on which it first became exercisable Further,
following the approval of the Extension, the compensation committee of the Company s board of directors has approved the transfers
by the Sponsor of (a) Founder Shares to each of Messrs. Zilber and Tourevski and (b) Founder Shares to Mr. Tompsett as
additional compensation, which transfers will take place prior to the closing of the initial Business Combination. Both the Founder Shares
and the options granted to the directors are subject to forfeiture in the event a director ceases to serve on the Company s board
prior to the closing of a Business Combination. In addition, the Sponsor, executive officers and
directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations.
The Company s audit committee reviews, on a quarterly basis, all payments that are made to the Sponsor, officers or directors,
or the Company s or their affiliates. 

F- 16 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and the Company recorded
approximately and of director compensation during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has payables recognized of approximately and , respectively, for director
compensation, which is classified as accounts payable - related party in the balance sheets. 

additional Units at the
Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On February 22, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised
their over-allotment option. 

F- 17 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust
Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

million of deferred underwriting discounts due under the underwriting agreements consummated in connection
with the initial public offering. We recognized the portion allocated to Public Shares of approximately million as an adjustment
to the carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and the remaining balance of approximately million
as a gain from extinguishment of deferred underwriting commissions allocated to derivative warrant liabilities. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were outstanding. 

F- 18 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 19 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class
A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value
of per share. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares outstanding, which were all subject to possible redemption and
are classified outside of permanent equity in the accompanying balance sheets. 

Fair value of Public
 Warrants at issuance 

Offering costs allocated
 to Class A ordinary shares 

Plus: 

Accretion
 on Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
 redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Plus: 

Waiver of Class A ordinary
 shares issuance costs 

Less: 

Accretion
 on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares
 subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class
A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were subject to possible redemption and included as temporary equity (see Note
8). 

F- 20 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 

of the sum of (i) the total number of the Ordinary Shares issued
and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed
issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the completion of the initial Business Combination (including the Forward Purchase Shares, but not the Forward
Purchase Warrants), excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary
shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued
to the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans.
In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

- 
 - 
 
 Liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities
 - Public Warrants 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative liabilities
 - Private Placement Warrants 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Derivative assets
 - Forward Purchase Agreement 
 - 
 - 

Liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities
 - Public Warrants 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Derivative liabilities
 - Private Placement Warrants 
 - 
 
 - 

F- 21 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million, respectively, as presented on the statements of operations. 

and , respectively, as reflected in the statements of operations. 

Public Warrants transfer
 to Level 1 

Private Placement Warrants
 transfer to Level 2 

Change
 in fair value of derivative assets and liabilities 

Derivative (assets) as of December 31, 2021 

Change
 in fair value of derivative assets and liabilities 

Derivative liabilities as of December 31,
 2022 
 - 

Warrant price 

Term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

F- 22 

QUADRO
ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares to the Sponsor, upon the conversion of an equal
number of Class B ordinary shares held by the Sponsor (the Conversion ). The Class A ordinary shares issued in
connection with the Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B ordinary shares before the Conversion,
including, among others, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial
Business Combination as described in the prospectus for the Company s initial public offering. Following the Conversion, there
are Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding and no Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. As a result of the
Conversion, the Sponsor held of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

for the portion of the extension ending on April 22, 2023. The Sponsor will also loan the Company extension
contributions of per month for each subsequent calendar month (commencing on April 22, 2023, and on the 22 nd day
of each subsequent month) until November 22, 2023, or portion thereof, that is needed to complete an initial Business Combination, which
amount will be deposited into the Trust Account. 

Class A ordinary shares exercised their right
to redeem those shares for cash at an approximate price of per share for an aggregate of approximately million. 

under the Promissory Note, for a total outstanding
balance of approximately . 

F- 23 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, among the company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse
 Securities (USA) LLC and BofA Securities, Inc. (2) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Class A Ordinary Share Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, between the company and Continental, as warrant agent. (2) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description
 of Registered Securities. (4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, between the company and our prior sponsor. (2) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, among the company and each of the executive officers and directors of the company. (2) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, between the company and Continental, as trustee. (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, between the company and our prior sponsor. (2) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Private
 Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, between the company and our prior sponsor. (2) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative
 Services Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, between the company and Kismet LLC. (2) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form
 of Indemnity Agreement by and between the company and each director and officer of the company. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Forward
 Purchase Agreement, dated February 17, 2021, between the company and our prior sponsor. (2) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form
 of Option Agreement by and between the company and each of two independent directors. (3) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Promissory Note, dated May 25, 2022, initially issued by the company to our prior sponsor and assigned to our sponsor. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Management contract or
 compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to Amendment No. 1 the company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-252419), filed with the
 SEC on February 8, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, filed with the SEC
 on June 25, 2021. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on
 March 31, 2022. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Quadro Acquisition One Corp. 

Dated: April 18, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Dimitri Elkin 

Dimitri Elkin 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Dimitri
 Elkin 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 18, 2023 
 
 Dimitri Elkin 
 
 Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial
 Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

/s/ Clifford
 Tompsett 
 
 Director 
 
 April 18, 2023 
 
 Clifford Tompsett 

Director 
 
 April 18, 2023 
 
 Leonid Zilber 

/s/
 Konstantin Tourevski 
 
 Director 
 
 April 18, 2023 
 
 Konstantin Tourevski 

42 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_quadroacq1.htm
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

Exhibit 3.1 

COMPANIES ACT (REVISED) 

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

QUADRO ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION 

(Adopted pursuant to a special resolution passed
on 20 February 2023) 

Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST 

www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 
 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

COMPANIES ACT (REVISED) 

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 

MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION 

OF 

QUADRO ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

(Adopted pursuant to a special resolution passed
on 20 February 2023) 

1 The name of the Company is Quadro Acquisition One Corp.. 

2 The Company's registered office will be situated at the office of Ogier Global (Cayman) Limited, 89 Nexus
Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-9009, Cayman Islands or at such other place in the Cayman Islands as the directors may at any time
decide. 

3 The Company's objects are unrestricted. As provided by section 7(4) of the Companies Act (Revised), the
Company has full power and authority to carry out any object not prohibited by any law of the Cayman Islands. 

4 The Company has unrestricted corporate capacity. Without limitation to the foregoing, as provided by section
27 (2) of the Companies Act (Revised), the Company has and is capable of exercising all the functions of a natural person of full capacity
irrespective of any question of corporate benefit. 

5 Unless licensed to do so, the Company will not trade in the Cayman Islands with any person, firm or corporation
except in furtherance of its business carried on outside the Cayman Islands. Despite this, the Company may effect and conclude contracts
in the Cayman Islands and exercise in the Cayman Islands any of its powers necessary for the carrying on of its business outside the Cayman
Islands. 

6 The Company is a company limited by shares and accordingly the liability of each member is limited to the amount (if any) unpaid on
that member's shares. 

2 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

7 The share capital of the Company is USD210,000 divided into 200,000,000 Class A Ordinary shares of par
value USD0.001 each and 10,000,000 Class B Ordinary shares of par value USD0.001 each. There is no limit on the number of shares of any
class which the Company is authorised to issue. However, subject to the Companies Act (Revised) and the Company's articles of association,
the Company has power to do any one or more of the following: 

(a) to redeem or repurchase any of its shares; and 

(b) to increase or reduce its capital; and 

(c) to issue any part of its capital (whether original, redeemed, increased or reduced): 

(i) with or without any preferential, deferred, qualified or special rights, privileges or conditions; or 

(ii) subject to any limitations or restrictions 

and unless the condition of issue expressly declares otherwise,
every issue of shares (whether declared to be ordinary, preference or otherwise) is subject to this power; or 

(d) to alter any of those rights, privileges, conditions, limitations or restrictions. 

8 The Company has power to register by way of continuation as a body corporate limited by shares under the
laws of any jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands and to be deregistered in the Cayman Islands. 

3 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

COMPANIES ACT (REVISED) 

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

QUADRO ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

SECOND AMENDED RESTATED 

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

(Adopted by special resolution passed on 20 February
2023) 

Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

CONTENTS 

1 Definitions, interpretation and exclusion of Table A 
 4 
 
 Definitions 
 4 
 
 Interpretation 
 8 
 
 Exclusion of Table A Articles 
 9 

2 Shares 
 9 
 
 Power to issue Shares and options, with or without special rights 
 9 
 
 Power to issue fractions of a Share 
 11 
 
 Power to pay commissions and brokerage fees 
 11 
 
 Trusts not recognised 
 11 
 
 Power to vary class rights 
 12 
 
 Effect of new Share issue on existing class rights 
 12 
 
 Capital contributions without issue of further Shares 
 12 
 
 No bearer Shares or warrants 
 13 
 
 Treasury Shares 
 13 
 
 Rights attaching to Treasury Shares and related matters 
 13 

3 Register of Members 
 14 

4 Share certificates 
 14 
 
 Issue of share certificates 
 14 
 
 Renewal of lost or damaged share certificates 
 15 

5 Lien on Shares 
 15 
 
 Nature and scope of lien 
 15 
 
 Company may sell Shares to satisfy lien 
 15 
 
 Authority to execute instrument of transfer 
 16 
 
 Consequences of sale of Shares to satisfy lien 
 16 
 
 Application of proceeds of sale 
 16 

6 Calls on Shares and forfeiture 
 17 
 
 Power to make calls and effect of calls 
 17 
 
 Time when call made 
 17 
 
 Liability of joint holders 
 17 
 
 Interest on unpaid calls 
 17 
 
 Deemed calls 
 17 
 
 Power to accept early payment 
 18 
 
 Power to make different arrangements at time of issue of Shares 
 18 
 
 Notice of default 
 18 
 
 Forfeiture or surrender of Shares 
 18 
 
 Disposal of forfeited or surrendered Share and power to cancel forfeiture or surrender 
 19 
 
 Effect of forfeiture or surrender on former Member 
 19 
 
 Evidence of forfeiture or surrender 
 19 
 
 Sale of forfeited or surrendered Shares 
 20 

i Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

7 Transfer of Shares 
 20 
 
 Form of transfer 
 20 
 
 Power to refuse registration 
 20 
 
 Power to suspend registration 
 20 
 
 Company may retain instrument of transfer 
 20 

8 Transmission of Shares 
 21 
 
 Persons entitled on death of a Member 
 21 
 
 Registration of transfer of a Share following death or bankruptcy 
 21 
 
 Indemnity 
 21 
 
 Rights of person entitled to a Share following death or bankruptcy 
 22 

9 Alteration of capital 
 22 
 
 Increasing, consolidating, converting, dividing and cancelling share capital 
 22 
 
 Dealing with fractions resulting from consolidation of Shares 
 22 
 
 Reducing share capital 
 23 

10 Redemption and purchase of own Shares 
 23 
 
 Power to issue redeemable Shares and to purchase own Shares 
 23 
 
 Power to pay for redemption or purchase in cash or in specie 
 24 
 
 Effect of redemption or purchase of a Share 
 24 

11 Meetings of Members 
 24 
 
 Power to call meetings 
 24 
 
 Content of notice 
 26 
 
 Period of notice 
 26 
 
 Persons entitled to receive notice 
 26 
 
 Publication of notice on a website 
 27 
 
 Time a website notice is deemed to be given 
 27 
 
 Required duration of publication on a website 
 27 
 
 Accidental omission to give notice or non-receipt of notice 
 27 

12 Proceedings at meetings of Members 
 28 
 
 Quorum 
 28 
 
 Lack of quorum 
 28 
 
 Use of technology 
 28 
 
 Chairman 
 28 
 
 Right of a director to attend and speak 
 28 
 
 Adjournment 
 29 
 
 Method of voting 
 29 
 
 Taking of a poll 
 29 
 
 Chairman's casting vote 
 29 
 
 Amendments to resolutions 
 29 
 
 Written resolutions 
 30 
 
 Sole-member company 
 31 

ii Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

13 Voting rights of Members 
 31 
 
 Right to vote 
 31 
 
 Rights of joint holders 
 31 
 
 Representation of corporate Members 
 31 
 
 Member with mental disorder 
 32 
 
 Objections to admissibility of votes 
 32 
 
 Form of proxy 
 32 
 
 How and when proxy is to be delivered 
 33 
 
 Voting by proxy 
 34 

14 Number of directors 
 34 

15 Appointment, disqualification and removal of directors 
 34 
 
 No age limit 
 34 
 
 Corporate directors 
 34 
 
 No shareholding qualification 
 34 
 
 Appointment and removal of directors 
 35 
 
 Resignation of directors 
 36 
 
 Termination of the office of director 
 37 

16 Alternate directors 
 37 
 
 Appointment and removal 
 37 
 
 Notices 
 38 
 
 Rights of alternate director 
 38 
 
 Appointment ceases when the appointor ceases to be a director 
 39 
 
 Status of alternate director 
 39 
 
 Status of the director making the appointment 
 39 

17 Powers of directors 
 39 
 
 Powers of directors 
 39 
 
 Appointments to office 
 39 
 
 Remuneration 
 40 
 
 Disclosure of information 
 40 

18 Delegation of powers 
 40 
 
 Power to delegate any of the directors' powers to a committee 
 40 
 
 Power to appoint an agent of the Company 
 41 
 
 Power to appoint an attorney or authorised signatory of the Company 
 41 
 
 Power to appoint a proxy 
 41 

19 Meetings of directors 
 41 
 
 Regulation of directors' meetings 
 41 
 
 Calling meetings 
 42 
 
 Notice of meetings 
 42 
 
 Period of notice 
 42 
 
 Use of technology 
 42 
 
 Place of meetings 
 42 
 
 Quorum 
 42 
 
 Voting 
 42 
 
 Validity 
 42 
 
 Recording of dissent 
 42 
 
 Written resolutions 
 43 
 
 Sole director's minute 
 43 

iii Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

20 Permissible directors' interests and disclosure 
 43 
 
 Permissible interests subject to disclosure 
 43 
 
 Notification of interests 
 44 
 
 Voting where a director is interested in a matter 
 44 

21 Minutes 
 44 

22 Accounts and audit 
 44 
 
 Accounting and other records 
 44 
 
 No automatic right of inspection 
 44 
 
 Sending of accounts and reports 
 45 
 
 Time of receipt if documents are published on a website 
 45 
 
 Validity despite accidental error in publication on website 
 45 
 
 Audit 
 45 

23 Financial year 
 46 

24 Record dates 
 46 

25 Dividends 
 47 
 
 Declaration of dividends by Members 
 47 
 
 Payment of interim dividends and declaration of final dividends by directors 
 47 
 
 Apportionment of dividends 
 47 
 
 Right of set off 
 48 
 
 Power to pay other than in cash 
 48 
 
 How payments may be made 
 48 
 
 Dividends or other moneys not to bear interest in absence of special rights 
 49 
 
 Dividends unable to be paid or unclaimed 
 49 

26 Capitalisation of profits 
 49 
 
 Capitalisation of profits or of any share premium account or capital redemption reserve 
 49 
 
 Applying an amount for the benefit of members 
 49 

27 Share premium account 
 50 
 
 Directors to maintain share premium account 
 50 
 
 Debits to share premium account 
 50 

28 Seal 
 50 
 
 Company seal 
 50 
 
 Duplicate seal 
 50 
 
 When and how seal is to be used 
 50 
 
 If no seal is adopted or used 
 50 
 
 Power to allow non-manual signatures and facsimile printing of seal 
 51 
 
 Validity of execution 
 51 

iv Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

29 Indemnity 
 51 
 
 Indemnity 
 51 
 
 Release 
 52 
 
 Insurance 
 52 

30 Notices 
 52 
 
 Form of notices 
 52 
 
 Electronic communications 
 52 
 
 Persons authorised to give notices 
 53 
 
 Delivery of written notices 
 53 
 
 Joint holders 
 53 
 
 Signatures 
 53 
 
 Evidence of transmission 
 53 
 
 Giving notice to a deceased or bankrupt Member 
 53 
 
 Date of giving notices 
 54 
 
 Saving provision 
 54 

31 Authentication of Electronic Records 
 54 
 
 Application of Articles 
 54 
 
 Authentication of documents sent by Members by Electronic means 
 54 
 
 Authentication
 of document sent by the Secretary or Officers of the Company by Electronic means 
 55 
 
 Manner of signing 
 55 
 
 Saving provision 
 55 

32 Transfer by way of continuation 
 56 

33 Winding up 
 56 
 
 Distribution of assets in specie 
 56 
 
 No obligation to accept liability 
 56 
 
 The directors are authorised to present a winding up petition 
 56 

34 Amendment of Memorandum and Articles 
 57 
 
 Power to change name or amend Memorandum 
 57 
 
 Power to amend these Articles 
 57 

35 
 Mergers and Consolidations 
 57 

36 Business Combination 
 57 

37 Class B Share Conversion 
 60 

38 
 Certain Tax Filings 
 61 

39 Business Opportunities 
 61 

v Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

COMPANIES ACT (REVISED) 

COMPANY LIMITED BY SHARES 

SECOND AMENDED RESTATED 

ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 

OF 

QUADRO ACQUISITION ONE CORP. 

(Adopted by special resolution
passed on 20 February 2023) 

1 Definitions, interpretation and exclusion of Table A 

Definitions 

1.1 In these Articles, the following definitions apply: 

Amendment has the meaning ascribed to it in Article
36.11. 

Amendment Redemption Event has the meaning ascribed
to it in Article 36.11. 

Applicable Law means, with respect to any person,
all provisions of laws, statutes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits, certificates, judgments, decisions, decrees or orders of any
governmental authority applicable to such person. 

Approved Amendment has the meaning ascribed to it
in Article 36.11. 

Articles means, as appropriate: 

(a) these articles of association as amended from time to time: or 

(b) two or more particular articles of these Articles; 

and Article refers to a particular article of these
Articles. 

Audit Committee means the audit committee of the Company
formed pursuant to Article 22.8 hereof, or any successor audit committee. 

Auditor means the person for the time being performing
the duties of auditor of the Company. 

Automatic Redemption Event shall have the meaning
given to it in Article 36.2. 

4 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Business Combination shall mean the initial acquisition
by the Company, whether through a merger, share reconstruction or amalgamation, asset or share acquisition, exchangeable share transaction,
contractual control arrangement or other similar type of transaction, with a Target Business at Fair Value. 

Business Day means a day other than (a) a day on which
banking institutions or trust companies are authorised or obligated by law to close in New York City (b) a Saturday or (c) a Sunday. 

Cayman Islands means the British Overseas Territory
of the Cayman Islands. 

Class A Share means a Class A ordinary share of a
par value of US 0.001 in the share capital of the Company. 

Class B Share means a Class B ordinary share of a
par value of US 0.001 in the share capital of the Company. 

Clear Days , in relation to a period of notice, means
that period excluding: 

(a) the day when the notice is given or deemed to be given; and 

(b) the day for which it is given or on which it is to take effect. 

Clearing House means a clearing
house recognised by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Shares (or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on a stock
exchange or interdealer quotation system in such jurisdiction. 

Company means the above-named company. 

Default Rate means 10 (ten per cent) per annum. 

Designated Stock Exchange means Nasdaq Capital Market
or any other national securities exchange on which the Shares are listed for trading. 

Electronic has the meaning given to that term in the
Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands. 

Electronic Record has the meaning given to that term
in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands. 

Electronic Signature has the meaning given to that
term in the Electronic Transactions Act (Revised) of the Cayman Islands. 

Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. 

Fair Value shall mean a value at least equal to 80 
of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting fees and any taxes payable on the Trust Account balance) at the
time of the execution of a definitive agreement for a Business Combination. 

5 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Forward Purchase Shares are to Class A Shares underlying
the Forward Purchase Units and the Forward Purchase Warrants. 

Forward Purchase Units are to the units to be sold
pursuant to an agreement providing for the sale of such units to Kismet Sponsor Limited, a British Virgin Islands company, in a private
placement to occur concurrently with the closing of the initial Business Combination. 

Forward Purchase Warrants are to warrants to purchase
Class A Shares underlying the Forward Purchase Units. 

Fully Paid and Paid Up : 

(a) in relation to a Share with par value, means that the par value for that Share and any premium payable in respect of the issue of
that Share, has been fully paid or credited as paid in money or money's worth; 

(b) in relation to a Share without par value, means that the agreed issue price for that Share has been fully paid or credited as paid
in money or money's worth. 

Independent Director means a director who is an independent
director as defined in the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange as determined by the directors. 

Initial Shareholders means the
Sponsor, and the directors and officers of the Company or their respective affiliates who hold Shares that were issued prior to the IPO. 

IPO means the initial public offering of units, consisting
of Shares and warrants of the Company and rights to receive Shares of the Company. 

Law means the Companies Act (Revised) of the Cayman
Islands, including any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force. 

Member means any person or persons entered on the
Register of Members from time to time as the holder of a Share. 

Memorandum means the memorandum
of association of the Company as amended from time to time. 

Officer means a person then appointed to hold an office
in the Company; and the expression includes a director, alternate director or liquidator. 

Ordinary Resolution means a resolution
of a duly constituted general meeting of the Company passed by a simple majority of the votes cast by, or on behalf of, the Members entitled
to vote thereon. The expression also includes a unanimous written resolution. 

Over-Allotment Option means the option of the Underwriters
to purchase up to an additional 15 of the firm units (as described at Article 2.4) sold in the IPO at a price equal to US 10.00 per unit,
less underwriting discount and commissions. 

6 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Per-Share Redemption Price means: 

(a) with respect to an Automatic Redemption Event, the aggregate
amount on deposit in the Trust Account (including interest not previously released to us, which shall be net of taxes payable, and less
interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares; 

(b) with respect to an Amendment Redemption Event, the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account, including
interest earned but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares; and 

(c) with respect to either a Tender Redemption Offer or a Redemption Offer, the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. 

Public Share means the Class A Shares included in
the units issued in the IPO (as described in Article 2.4). 

Redemption Offer has the meaning ascribed to it in
Article 36.5(b). 

Register of Members means the register of Members
maintained in accordance with the Law and includes (except where otherwise stated) any branch or duplicate register of Members. 

Registration Statement has the meaning ascribed to
it in Article 36.10. 

SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

Secretary means a person appointed to perform the
duties of the secretary of the Company, including a joint, assistant or deputy secretary. 

Share means a Class A Share or a Class B Share in
the share capital of the Company; and the expression: 

(a) includes stock (except where a distinction between shares and stock is expressed or implied); and 

(b) where the context permits, also includes a fraction of a share. 

Special Resolution has the meaning given to that term
in the Law. 

Sponsor means Quadro Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company. 

Sponsor Group means the Sponsor and its respective
affiliates, successors and assigns. 

Target Business means any businesses
or entity with whom the Company wishes to undertake a Business Combination. 

7 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Target Business Acquisition Period shall mean the
period commencing from the effectiveness of the registration statement filed with the SEC in connection with the Company's IPO up to and
including the first to occur of (i) a Business Combination; or (ii) the Termination Date. 

Tax Filing Authorised Person means such person as
any director shall designate from time to time, acting severally. 

Tender Redemption Offer has the meaning ascribed to
it in Article 36.5(a). 

Termination Date has the meaning given to it in Article
36.2. 

Treasury Shares means Shares of the Company held in
treasury pursuant to the Law and Article 2.16. 

Trust Account shall mean the trust account established
by the Company prior to the IPO and into which a certain amount of the IPO proceeds and the proceeds from a simultaneous private placement
of like units comprising like securities to those included in the IPO by the Company are deposited, interest on the balance of which may
be released to the Company from to time to time to pay the Company s income or other tax obligations. 

Underwriter means an underwriter of the IPO from time
to time, and any successor underwriter. 

Interpretation 

1.2 In the interpretation of these Articles, the following provisions apply unless the context otherwise requires: 

(a) A reference in these Articles to a statute is a reference to a statute of the Cayman Islands as known by its short title, and includes: 

(i) any statutory modification, amendment or re-enactment; and 

(ii) any subordinate legislation or regulations issued under that statute. 

Without limitation to the preceding sentence, a reference to
a revised Law of the Cayman Islands is taken to be a reference to the revision of that Law in force from time to time as amended from
time to time. 

(b) Headings are inserted for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these Articles, unless there is ambiguity. 

(c) If a day on which any act, matter or thing is to be done under these Articles is not a Business Day, the act, matter or thing must
be done on the next Business Day. 

8 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

(d) A word which denotes the singular also denotes the plural, a word which denotes the plural also denotes
the singular, and a reference to any gender also denotes the other genders. 

(e) A reference to a person includes, as appropriate, a company, trust, partnership, joint venture, association, body corporate or government
agency. 

(f) Where a word or phrase is given a defined meaning another part of speech or grammatical form in respect to that word or phrase has
a corresponding meaning. 

(g) All references to time are to be calculated by reference to time in the place where the Company's registered office is located. 

(h) The words written and in writing include all modes of representing or reproducing words in a visible form,
but do not include an Electronic Record where the distinction between a document in writing and an Electronic Record is expressed or implied. 

(i) The words including, include and in particular or any similar expression are to be construed without limitation. 

(j) In relation to all determinations to be made by the directors of the Company and all powers, authorities
and discretions exercisable by them under these Articles, the directors may make those determinations and exercise those powers, authorities
and discretions in their sole and absolute discretion, either generally or in any particular case, subject to any qualifications or limitations
expressed in these Articles or imposed by law. 

Exclusion of Table A Articles 

1.3 The regulations contained in Table A in the First Schedule of the Law and any other regulations contained
in any statute or subordinate legislation are expressly excluded and do not apply to the Company. 

2 Shares 

Power to issue Shares and options, with or without special rights 

2.1 Subject to the provisions of the Law and these Articles and, where applicable, the rules of the Designated
Stock Exchange and/or any competent regulatory authority, and without prejudice to any rights attached to any existing Shares, the directors
have general and unconditional authority to allot (with or without confirming rights of renunciation), issue, grant options over or otherwise
deal with any unissued Shares of the Company to such persons, at such times and on such terms and conditions as they may decide, save
that the directors may not allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise deal with any unissued Shares to the extent that it may affect
the ability of the Company to carry out a Class B Share Conversion described at Article 37. No Share may be issued at a discount
except in accordance with the provisions of the Law. 

9 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

2.2 Without limitation to the preceding Article, the directors may
so deal with the unissued 

Shares of the Company: 

(a) either at a premium or at par; 

(b) with or without preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital
or otherwise. 

Notwithstanding the above, following
an IPO and prior to a Business Combination, the Company may not issue additional Shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i)
receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any Business Combination. 

2.3 The Company may issue rights, options, warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature
conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company
at such times and on such terms and conditions as the directors may decide. 

2.4 The Company may issue units of securities in the Company, which may be comprised of Shares, rights, options,
warrants or convertible securities or securities of similar nature conferring the right upon the holders thereof to subscribe for, purchase
or receive any class of Shares or other securities in the Company, on such terms and conditions as the directors may decide. The securities
comprising any such units which are issued pursuant to the IPO can only be traded separately from one another on the 90th day following
the date of the prospectus relating to the IPO unless the managing Underwriter determines that an earlier date is acceptable, subject
to the Company having filed a current report on Form 8-K containing an audited balance sheet reflecting the Company s receipt of
the gross proceeds of the IPO with the SEC and a press release announcing when such separate trading will begin. Prior to such date, the
units can be traded, but the securities comprising such units cannot be traded separately from one another. 

2.5 Each Share in the Company confers upon the Member: 

(a) subject to Article 34, the right to one vote at a meeting of the Members of the Company or on any resolution of Members; 

(b) the right to be redeemed on an Automatic Redemption Event in accordance with Article 36.2 or pursuant
to either a Tender Redemption Offer or Redemption Offer in accordance with Article 36.5 or pursuant to an Amendment Redemption Event in
accordance with Article 36.11; 

(c) a pro rata right in any dividend paid by the Company; and 

10 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

(d) subject to satisfaction of and compliance with Article 36, a pro rata right in the distribution of the
surplus assets of the Company on its liquidation provided that in the event that the Company enters liquidation prior to or without having
consummated a Business Combination then, in such circumstances, in the event any surplus assets Residual Assets of the Company
remain following the Company having complied with its applicable obligations to redeem Public Shares and distribute the funds held in
the Trust Account in respect of such redemptions pursuant to Article 36, the Public Shares shall not have any right to receive any share
of those Residual Assets which are held outside the Trust Account and such Residual Assets shall be distributed (on a pro rata basis)
only in respect of those Shares that are not Public Shares. 

Power to issue fractions of a Share 

2.6 Subject to the Law, the Company may, but shall not otherwise be obliged to, issue fractions of a Share
of any class or round up or down fractional holdings of Shares to its nearest whole number. A fraction of a Share shall be subject to
and carry the corresponding fraction of liabilities (whether with respect to calls or otherwise), limitations, preferences, privileges,
qualifications, restrictions, rights and other attributes of a Share of that class of Shares. 

Power to pay commissions and brokerage fees 

2.7 The Company may, in so far as the Law permits, pay a commission to any person in consideration of that
person: 

(a) subscribing or agreeing to subscribe, whether absolutely or conditionally; or 

(b) procuring or agreeing to procure subscriptions, whether absolute or conditional 

for any Shares in the Company. That commission may be satisfied
by the payment of cash or the allotment of Fully Paid or partly-paid Shares or partly in one way and partly in another. 

2.8 The Company may employ a broker in the issue of its capital and pay him any proper commission or brokerage. 

Trusts not recognised 

2.9 Except as required by
Applicable Law: 

(a) the Company shall not be bound by or compelled to recognise in any way (even when notified) any equitable,
contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or (except only as is otherwise provided by the Articles) any other rights in respect
of any Share other than an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder; and 

(b) no person other than the Member shall be recognised by the Company as having any right in a Share. 

11 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Power to vary class rights 

2.10 If the share capital is divided into different classes of Shares then, unless the terms on which a class
of Shares was issued state otherwise, the rights attaching to a class of Shares may only be varied if one of the following applies: 

(a) the Members holding two thirds of the issued Shares of that class consent in writing to the variation; or 

(b) the variation is made with the sanction of a Special Resolution passed at a separate general meeting of the Members holding the issued
Shares of that class. 

2.11 For the purpose of paragraph (b) of the preceding Article, all the provisions of these Articles relating
to general meetings apply, mutatis mutandis, to every such separate meeting except that: 

(a) the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding, or representing by proxy, not less than one third of the issued Shares
of the class; and 

(b) any Member holding issued Shares of the class, present in person or by proxy or, in the case of a corporate
Member, by its duly authorised representative, may demand a poll. 

2.12 Notwithstanding Article 2.10, unless the proposed variation is for the purposes of approving, or in conjunction
with, the consummation of a Business Combination, prior to a Business Combination but subject always to the limitations set out in Article
34 in respect of amendments to the Memorandum and Articles, the rights attached to the Shares as specified in Article 2.5 may only, whether
or not the Company is being wound up, be varied by a Special Resolution, and any such variation that has to be approved under this Article
shall also be subject to compliance with Article 36.11. 

Effect of new Share issue on existing class rights 

2.13 Unless the terms on which a class of Shares was issued state otherwise, the rights conferred on the Member
holding Shares of any class shall not be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further Shares ranking pari passu with the existing
Shares of that class. 

Capital contributions without issue of further Shares 

2.14 With the consent of a Member, the directors may accept a voluntary contribution to the capital of the
Company from that Member without issuing Shares in consideration for that contribution. In that event, the contribution shall be dealt
with in the following manner: 

(a) It shall be treated as if it were a share premium. 

12 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

(b) Unless the Member agrees otherwise: 

(i) if the Member holds Shares in a single class of Shares - it shall be credited to the share premium account for that class of Shares; 

(ii) if the Member holds Shares of more than one class - it shall be credited rateably to the share premium
accounts for those classes of Shares (in the proportion that the sum of the issue prices for each class of Shares that the Member holds
bears to the total issue prices for all classes of Shares that the Member holds). 

(c) It shall be subject to the provisions of the Law and these Articles applicable to share premiums. 

No bearer Shares or warrants 

2.15 The Company shall not issue Shares or warrants to bearers. 

Treasury Shares 

2.16 Shares that the Company purchases, redeems or acquires by way of surrender in accordance with the Law shall be held as Treasury Shares
and not treated as cancelled if: 

(a) the directors so determine prior to the purchase, redemption or surrender of those shares; and 

(b) the relevant provisions of the Memorandum and Articles and the Law are otherwise complied with. 

Rights attaching to Treasury Shares and related matters 

2.17 No dividend may be declared or paid, and no other distribution (whether in cash or otherwise) of the Company's
assets (including any distribution of assets to members on a winding up) may be made to the Company in respect of a Treasury Share. 

2.18 The Company shall be entered in the Register as the holder of
the Treasury Shares. However: 

(a) the Company shall not be treated as a member for any purpose and shall not exercise any right in respect
of the Treasury Shares, and any purported exercise of such a right shall be void; 

(b) a Treasury Share shall not be voted, directly or indirectly, at any meeting of the Company and shall not
be counted in determining the total number of issued shares at any given time, whether for the purposes of these Articles or the Law. 

2.19 Nothing in the preceding Article prevents an allotment of Shares as fully paid bonus shares in respect
of a Treasury Share and Shares allotted as fully paid bonus shares in respect of a Treasury Share shall be treated as Treasury Shares. 

2.20 Treasury Shares may be disposed of by the Company in accordance with the Law and otherwise on such terms and conditions as the directors
determine. 

13 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

3 Register of Members 

3.1 The Company shall maintain or cause to be maintained the Register of Members in accordance with the Law. 

3.2 The directors may determine that the Company shall maintain one or more branch registers of Members in
accordance with the Law. The directors may also determine which Register of Members shall constitute the principal register and which
shall constitute the branch register or registers, and to vary such determination from time to time. 

3.3 The title to Public Shares may be evidenced and transferred in accordance with the laws applicable to
the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange and, for these purposes, the Register of Members may be maintained in accordance
with Article 40B of the Law. 

4 Share certificates 

Issue of share certificates 

4.1 A Member shall only be entitled to a share certificate if the directors resolve that share certificates
shall be issued. Share certificates representing Shares, if any, shall be in such form as the directors may determine. If the directors
resolve that share certificates shall be issued, upon being entered in the register of Members as the holder of a Share, the directors
may issue to any Member: 

(a) without payment, to one certificate for all the Shares of each class held by that Member (and, upon transferring
a part of the Member's holding of Shares of any class, to a certificate for the balance of that holding); and 

(b) upon payment of such reasonable sum as the directors may determine for every certificate after the first,
to several certificates each for one or more of that Member's Shares. 

4.2 Every certificate shall specify the number, class and distinguishing numbers (if any) of the Shares to
which it relates and whether they are Fully Paid or partly paid up. A certificate may be executed under seal or executed in such other
manner as the directors determine. 

4.3 Every certificate shall bear legends required under the Applicable
Laws. 

4.4 The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for Shares held jointly by several persons
and delivery of a certificate for a Share to one joint holder shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them. 

14 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Renewal of lost or damaged share certificates 

4.5 If a share certificate is defaced, worn-out, lost or destroyed, it may be renewed on such terms (if any) as to: 

(a) evidence; 

(b) indemnity; 

(c) payment of the expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in investigating the evidence; and 

(d) payment of a reasonable fee, if any, for issuing a replacement share certificate 

as the directors may determine, and (in the case of defacement
or wearing-out) on delivery to the Company of the old certificate. 

5 Lien on Shares 

Nature and scope of lien 

5.1 The Company has a first and paramount lien on all Shares (whether Fully Paid or not) registered in the
name of a Member (whether solely or jointly with others). The lien is for all moneys payable to the Company by the Member or the Member's
estate: 

(a) either alone or jointly with any other person, whether or not that other person is a Member; and 

(b) whether or not those moneys are presently payable. 

5.2 At any time the directors may declare any Share to be wholly or partly exempt from the provisions of this Article. 

Company may sell Shares to satisfy lien 

5.3 The Company may sell any Shares over which it has a lien if all of the following conditions are met: 

(a) the sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable; 

(b) the Company gives notice to the Member holding the Share (or to the person entitled to it in consequence
of the death or bankruptcy of that Member) demanding payment and stating that if the notice is not complied with the Shares may be sold;
and 

(c) that sum is not paid within 14 Clear Days after that notice is deemed to be given under these Articles. 

15 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

5.4 The Shares may be sold in such manner as the directors determine. 

5.5 To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, the directors shall incur no personal liability to
the Member concerned in respect of the sale. 

Authority to execute instrument of transfer 

5.6 To give effect to a sale, the directors may authorise any person to execute an instrument of transfer
of the Shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The title of the transferee of the Shares shall not be
affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in respect of the sale. 

Consequences of sale of Shares to satisfy lien 

5.7 On sale pursuant to the preceding Articles: 

(a) the name of the Member concerned shall be removed from the Register of Members as the holder of those Shares; and 

(b) that person shall deliver to the Company for cancellation the certificate for those Shares. 

Despite this, that person shall remain liable to the Company
for all monies which, at the date of sale, were presently payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares. That person shall
also be liable to pay interest on those monies from the date of sale until payment at the rate at which interest was payable before that
sale or, failing that, at the Default Rate. The directors may waive payment wholly or in part or enforce payment without any allowance
for the value of the Shares at the time of sale or for any consideration received on their disposal. 

Application of proceeds of sale 

5.8 The net proceeds of the sale, after payment of the costs, shall be applied in payment of so much of the
sum for which the lien exists as is presently payable. Any residue shall be paid to the person whose Shares have been sold: 

(a) if no certificate for the Shares was issued, at the date of the sale; or 

(b) if a certificate for the Shares was issued, upon surrender to the Company of that certificate for cancellation 

but, in either case, subject to the Company retaining a like
lien for all sums not presently payable as existed on the Shares before the sale. 

16 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

6 Calls on Shares and forfeiture 

Power to make calls and effect of calls 

6.1 Subject to the terms of allotment, the directors may make calls on the Members in respect of any moneys
unpaid on their Shares including any premium. The call may provide for payment to be by instalments. Subject to receiving at least 14
Clear Days' notice specifying when and where payment is to be made, each Member shall pay to the Company the amount called on his Shares
as required by the notice. 

6.2 Before receipt by the Company of any sum due under a call, that call may be revoked in whole or in part
and payment of a call may be postponed in whole or in part. Where a call is to be paid in instalments, the Company may revoke the call
in respect of all or any remaining instalments in whole or in part and may postpone payment of all or any of the remaining instalments
in whole or in part. 

6.3 A Member on whom a call is made shall remain liable for that call notwithstanding the subsequent transfer
of the Shares in respect of which the call was made. A person shall not be liable for calls made after such person is no longer registered
as Member in respect of those Shares. 

Time when call made 

6.4 A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the directors authorising
the call was passed. 

Liability of joint holders 

6.5 Members registered as the joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls
in respect of the Share. 

Interest on unpaid calls 

6.6 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the person from whom it is due and payable
shall pay interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid: 

(a) at the rate fixed by the terms of allotment of the Share or in the notice of the call; or 

(b) if no rate is fixed, at the Default Rate. 

The directors may waive payment of the interest wholly or
in part. 

Deemed calls 

6.7 Any amount payable in respect of a Share, whether on allotment
or on a fixed date or otherwise, shall be deemed to be payable as a call. If the amount is not paid when due the provisions of these Articles shall apply as if the amount
had become due and payable by virtue of a call. 

17 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Power to accept early payment 

6.8 The Company may accept from a Member the whole or a part of the amount remaining unpaid on Shares held
by him although no part of that amount has been called up. 

Power to make different arrangements at time of issue of Shares 

6.9 Subject to the terms of allotment, the directors may make arrangements on the issue of Shares to distinguish
between Members in the amounts and times of payment of calls on their Shares. 

Notice of default 

6.10 If a call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the directors may give to the person from
whom it is due not less than 14 Clear Days' notice requiring payment of: 

(a) the amount unpaid; 

(b) any interest which may have accrued; 

(c) any expenses which have been incurred by the Company due to that person's default. 

6.11 The notice shall state the following: 

(a) the place where payment is to be made; and 

(b) a warning that if the notice is not complied with the Shares in respect of which the call is made will be liable to be forfeited. 

Forfeiture or surrender of Shares 

6.12 If the notice under the preceding Article is not complied with, the directors may, before the payment
required by the notice has been received, resolve that any Share the subject of that notice be forfeited. The forfeiture shall include
all dividends or other moneys payable in respect of the forfeited Share and not paid before the forfeiture. Despite the foregoing, the
directors may determine that any Share the subject of that notice be accepted by the Company as surrendered by the Member holding that
Share in lieu of forfeiture. 

6.13 The directors may accept the surrender for no consideration
of any Fully Paid Share. 

18 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Disposal of forfeited or surrendered Share and power to cancel forfeiture
or surrender 

6.14 A forfeited or surrendered Share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in
such manner as the directors determine either to the former Member who held that Share or to any other person. The forfeiture or surrender
may be cancelled on such terms as the directors think fit at any time before a sale, re-allotment or other disposition. Where, for the
purposes of its disposal, a forfeited or surrendered Share is to be transferred to any person, the directors may authorise some person
to execute an instrument of transfer of the Share to the transferee. 

Effect of forfeiture or surrender on former Member 

6.15 On forfeiture or surrender: 

(a) the name of the Member concerned shall be removed from the Register of Members as the holder of those
Shares and that person shall cease to be a Member in respect of those Shares; and 

(b) that person shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate (if any) for the forfeited or surrendered Shares. 

6.16 Despite the forfeiture or surrender of his Shares, that person shall remain liable to the Company for
all moneys which at the date of forfeiture or surrender were presently payable by him to the Company in respect of those Shares together
with: 

(a) all expenses; and 

(b) interest from the date of forfeiture or surrender until payment: 

(i) at the rate of which interest was payable on those moneys before forfeiture; or 

(ii) if no interest was so payable, at the Default Rate. 

The directors, however, may waive payment wholly or in part. 

Evidence of forfeiture or surrender 

6.17 A declaration, whether statutory or under oath, made by a director or the Secretary shall be conclusive
evidence of the following matters stated in it as against all persons claiming to be entitled to forfeited Shares: 

(a) that the person making the declaration is a director or Secretary of the Company, and 

(b) that the particular Shares have been forfeited or surrendered on a particular date. 

Subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer, if
necessary, the declaration shall constitute good title to the Shares. 

19 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Sale of forfeited or surrendered Shares 

6.18 Any person to whom the forfeited or surrendered Shares are disposed of shall not be bound to see to the
application of the consideration, if any, of those Shares nor shall his title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity in, or invalidity
of the proceedings in respect of, the forfeiture, surrender or disposal of those Shares. 

7 Transfer of Shares 

Form of transfer 

7.1 Subject to the following Articles about the transfer of Shares, and provided that such transfer complies
with applicable rules of the SEC, the Designated Stock Exchange and federal and state securities laws of the United States, a Member may
transfer Shares to another person by completing an instrument of transfer in a common form or in a form prescribed by the Designated Stock
Exchange or in any other form approved by the directors, executed: 

(a) where the Shares are Fully Paid, by or on behalf of that Member; and 

(b) where the Shares are partly paid, by or on behalf of that Member and the transferee. 

7.2 The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of a Share until the name of the transferee is entered
into the Register of Members. 

Power to refuse registration 

7.3 If the Shares in question were issued in conjunction with rights, options or warrants issued pursuant
to Article 2.4 on terms that one cannot be transferred without the other, the directors shall refuse to register the transfer of any such
Share without evidence satisfactory to them of the like transfer of such option or warrant. 

Power to suspend registration 

7.4 The directors may suspend registration of the transfer of Shares at such times and for such periods, not
exceeding 30 days in any calendar year, as they determine. 

Company may retain instrument of transfer 

7.5 The Company shall be entitled to retain any instrument of transfer which is registered; but an instrument
of transfer which the directors refuse to register shall be returned to the person lodging it when notice of the refusal is given. 

20 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

8 Transmission of Shares 

Persons entitled on death of a Member 

8.1 If a Member dies, the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to the deceased Members' interest are the following: 

(a) where the deceased Member was a joint holder, the survivor or survivors; and 

(b) where the deceased Member was a sole holder, that Member's personal representative or representatives. 

8.2 Nothing in these Articles shall release the deceased Member's estate from any liability in respect of any Share, whether the deceased
was a sole holder or a joint holder. 

Registration of transfer of a Share following death or bankruptcy 

8.3 A person becoming entitled to a Share in consequence of the
death or bankruptcy of a Member may elect to do either of the following: 

(a) to become the holder of the Share; or 

(b) to transfer the Share to another person. 

8.4 That person must produce such evidence of his entitlement as the directors may properly require. 

8.5 If the person elects to become the holder of the Share, he must give notice to the Company to that effect.
For the purposes of these Articles, that notice shall be treated as though it were an executed instrument of transfer. 

8.6 If the person elects to transfer the Share to another person
then: 

(a) if the Share is Fully Paid, the transferor must execute an instrument of transfer; and 

(b) if the Share is partly paid, the transferor and the transferee must execute an instrument of transfer. 

8.7 All the Articles relating to the transfer of Shares shall apply to the notice or, as appropriate, the
instrument of transfer. 

Indemnity 

8.8 A person registered as a Member by reason of the death or bankruptcy of another Member shall indemnify
the Company and the directors against any loss or damage suffered by the Company or the directors as a result of that registration. 

21 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Rights of person entitled to a Share following death or bankruptcy 

8.9 A person becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death or bankruptcy of a Member shall have the
rights to which he would be entitled if he were registered as the holder of the Share. However, until he is registered as Member in respect
of the Share, he shall not be entitled to attend or vote at any meeting of the Company or at any separate meeting of the holders of that
class of Shares in the Company. 

9 Alteration of capital 

Increasing, consolidating, converting, dividing and cancelling share
capital 

9.1 To the fullest extent permitted by the Law, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution do any of the following and amend its Memorandum
for that purpose: 

(a) increase its share capital by new Shares of the amount fixed by that Ordinary Resolution and with the
attached rights, priorities and privileges set out in that Ordinary Resolution; 

(b) consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital into Shares of larger amount than its existing Shares; 

(c) convert all or any of its Paid Up Shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into Paid Up Shares of any denomination; 

(d) sub-divide its Shares or any of them into Shares of an amount smaller than that fixed by the Memorandum,
so, however, that in the sub-division, the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced Share shall
be the same as it was in case of the Share from which the reduced Share is derived; and 

(e) cancel Shares which, at the date of the passing of that Ordinary Resolution, have not been taken or agreed
to be taken by any person, and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled or, in the case of Shares
without nominal par value, diminish the number of Shares into which its capital is divided. 

Dealing with fractions resulting from consolidation of Shares 

9.2 Whenever, as a result of a consolidation of Shares, any Members would become entitled to fractions of a Share the directors may on
behalf of those Members: 

(a) sell the Shares representing the fractions for the best price reasonably obtainable to any person (including, subject to the provisions
of the Law, the Company); and 

(b) distribute the net proceeds in due proportion among those Members. 

For that purpose, the directors may authorise some person
to execute an instrument of transfer of the Shares to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser. The transferee shall not
be bound to see to the application of the purchase money nor shall the transferee's title to the Shares be affected by any irregularity
in, or invalidity of, the proceedings in respect of the sale. 

22 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Reducing share capital 

9.3 Subject to the Law and to any rights for the time being conferred on the Members holding a particular
class of Shares, the Company may, by Special Resolution, reduce its share capital in any way. 

10 Redemption and purchase of own Shares 

Power to issue redeemable Shares and to purchase own Shares 

10.1 Subject to the Law and Article 36, and to any rights for the time being conferred on the Members holding
a particular class of Shares, and, where applicable, the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange and/or any competent regulatory authority,
the Company may by its directors: 

(a) issue Shares that are to be redeemed or liable to be redeemed, at the option of the Company or the Member
holding those redeemable Shares, on the terms and in the manner its directors determine before the issue of those Shares; 

(b) with the consent by Special Resolution of the Members holding Shares of a particular class, vary the rights
attaching to that class of Shares so as to provide that those Shares are to be redeemed or are liable to be redeemed at the option of
the Company on the terms and in the manner which the directors determine at the time of such variation; and 

(c) purchase all or any of its own Shares of any class including any redeemable Shares on the terms and in
the manner which the directors determine at the time of such purchase. 

The Company may make a payment in respect
of the redemption or purchase of its own Shares in any manner authorised by the Law, including out of any combination of the following:
capital, its profits and the proceeds of a fresh issue of Shares. 

10.2 With respect to redeeming or repurchasing the Shares: 

(a) Members who hold Public Shares are entitled to request the redemption of such Shares in the circumstances described in Article 36.5; 

(b) Class B Shares held by the Sponsor shall, following consummation of the IPO, be surrendered by the Sponsor
on a pro rata basis for no consideration to the extent that the Over-Allotment Option is not exercised in full so that the Class
B Shares will at all times represent 20 of the Company s issued Shares after the IPO; and 

(c) Public Shares shall be repurchased by way of tender offer in the circumstances set out in Article 36.5. 

23 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Power to pay for redemption or purchase in cash or in specie 

10.3 When making a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of Shares, the directors may make the payment
in cash or in specie (or partly in one and partly in the other) if so authorised by the terms of the allotment of those Shares, or by
the terms applying to those Shares in accordance with Article 10.1, or otherwise by agreement with the Member holding those Shares. 

Effect of redemption or purchase of a Share 

10.4 Upon the date of redemption or purchase of a Share: 

(a) the Member holding that Share shall cease to be entitled to any rights in respect of the Share other than the right to receive: 

(i) the price for the Share; and 

(ii) any dividend declared in respect of the Share prior to the date of redemption or purchase; 

(b) the Member's name shall be removed from the Register of Members with respect to the Share; and 

(c) the Share shall be cancelled or held as a Treasury Shares, as the directors may determine. 

For the purpose of this Article, the date of redemption or
purchase is the date when the redemption or purchase falls due. 

10.5 For the avoidance of doubt, redemptions and repurchases of Shares in the circumstances described in Articles
10.2(a), 10.2(b) and 10.2(c) above shall not require further approval of the Members. 

11 Meetings of Members 

Power to call meetings 

11.1 To the extent required by the Designated Stock Exchange, an annual general meeting of the Company
 shall be held no later than one year after the first financial year end occurring after the IPO, and shall be held in each year
 thereafter at such time as determined by the directors and the Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Law or the rules
 and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange) be obliged to, in each year
hold any other general meeting. 

24 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

11.2 The agenda of the annual general meeting shall be set by the directors and shall include the presentation
of the Company s annual accounts and the report of the directors (if any). 

11.3 Annual general meetings shall be held in New York, USA or in such other places as the directors may determine. 

11.4 All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be called extraordinary general meetings
and the Company shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it. 

11.5 The directors may call a general meeting at any time. 

11.6 If there are insufficient directors to constitute a quorum and the remaining directors are unable to agree
on the appointment of additional directors, the directors must call a general meeting for the purpose of appointing additional directors. 

11.7 The directors must also call a general meeting if requisitioned in the manner set out in the next two
Articles. 

11.8 The requisition must be in writing and given by one or more Members who together hold at least 10 of
the rights to vote at such general meeting. 

11.9 The requisition must also: 

(a) specify the purpose of the meeting. 

(b) be signed by or on behalf of each requisitioner (and for this purpose each joint holder shall be obliged
to sign). The requisition may consist of several documents in like form signed by one or more of the requisitioners. 

(c) be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions. 

11.10 Should the directors fail to call a general meeting within 21 Clear Days from the date of receipt of a
requisition, the requisitioners or any of them may call a general meeting within three months after the end of that period. 

11.11 Without limitation to the foregoing, if there are insufficient directors to constitute a quorum and the
remaining directors are unable to agree on the appointment of additional directors, any one or more Members who together hold at least
10 of the rights to vote at a general meeting may call a general meeting for the purpose of considering the business specified in the
notice of meeting which shall include as an item of business the appointment of additional directors. 

11.12 Members seeking to bring business before the annual general meeting or to nominate candidates for election
as Directors at the annual general meeting must deliver notice to the principal executive offices of the Company
not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the scheduled date
of the annual general meeting. 

25 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Content of notice 

11.13 Notice of a general meeting shall specify each of the following: 

(a) the place, the date and the hour of the meeting; 

(b) if the meeting is to be held in two or more places, the technology that will be used to facilitate the meeting; 

(c) subject to paragraph (d), the general nature of the business to be transacted; and 

(d) if a resolution is proposed as a Special Resolution, the text of that resolution. 

11.14 In each notice there shall appear with reasonable prominence
the following statements: 

(a) that a Member who is entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend and vote instead of that Member;
and 

(b) that a proxyholder need not be a Member. 

Period of notice 

11.15 At least five Clear Days' notice of a general meeting must be given to Members, provided that a general
meeting of the Company shall, whether or not the notice specified in this Article has been given and whether or not the provisions of
the Articles regarding general meetings have been complied with, be deemed to have been duly convened if it is so agreed: 

(a) in the case of an annual general meeting, by all of the Members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and 

(b) in the case of an extraordinary general meeting, by a majority in number of the Members having a right
to attend and vote at the meeting, together holding not less than 95 in par value of the Shares giving that right. 

Persons entitled to receive notice 

11.16 Subject to the provisions of these Articles and to any restrictions imposed on any Shares, the notice shall be given to the following
people: 

(a) the Members; 

(b) persons entitled to a Share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member; and 

(c) the directors. 

26 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Publication of notice on a website 

11.17 Subject to the Law or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, a notice of a general meeting may be published on a website providing
the recipient is given separate notice of: 

(a) the publication of the notice on the website; 

(b) the place on the website where the notice may be accessed; 

(c) how it may be accessed; and 

(d) the place, date and time of the general meeting. 

11.18 If a Member notifies the Company that he is unable for any reason to access the website, the Company must
as soon as practicable give notice of the meeting to that Member by any other means permitted by these Articles. This will not affect
when that Member is deemed to have received notice of the meeting. 

Time a website notice is deemed to be given 

11.19 A website notice is deemed to be given when the Member is given
notice of its publication. 

Required duration of publication on a website 

11.20 Where the notice of meeting is published on a website, it shall continue to be published in the same place
on that website from the date of the notification until at least the conclusion of the meeting to which the notice relates. 

Accidental omission to give notice or non-receipt of notice 

11.21 Proceedings at a meeting shall not be invalidated by the following: 

(a) an accidental failure to give notice of the meeting to any person entitled to notice; or 

(b) non-receipt of notice of the meeting by any person entitled to notice. 

11.22 In addition, where a notice of meeting is published on a website, proceedings at the meeting shall not be invalidated merely because
it is accidentally published: 

(a) in a different place on the website; or 

(b) for part only of the period from the date of the notification until the conclusion of the meeting to which the notice relates. 

27 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

12 Proceedings at meetings of Members 

Quorum 

12.1 Save as provided in the following Article, no business shall be transacted at any meeting unless a quorum
is present in person or by proxy. One or more Members who together hold not less than one-third of the issued and outstanding Shares entitled
to attend and vote at such meeting being individuals present in person or by proxy or if a corporation or other non-natural person by
its duly authorised representative or proxy shall be a quorum. 

Lack of quorum 

12.2 If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, or if at any time
during the meeting it becomes inquorate, then the following provisions apply: 

(a) If the meeting was requisitioned by Members, it shall be cancelled. 

(b) In any other case, the meeting shall stand adjourned to the same time and place seven days hence, or to
such other time or place as is determined by the directors. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the
adjourned meeting, then the meeting shall be dissolved. 

Use of technology 

12.3 A person may participate in a general meeting through the medium of conference telephone, video or any
other form of communications equipment providing all persons participating in the meeting are able to hear and speak to each other throughout
the meeting. A person participating in this way is deemed to be present in person at the meeting. 

Chairman 

12.4 The chairman of a general meeting shall be the chairman of the board or such other director as the directors
have nominated to chair board meetings in the absence of the chairman of the board. Absent any such person being present within 15 minutes
of the time appointed for the meeting, the directors present shall elect one of their number to chair the meeting. 

12.5 If no director is present within 15 minutes of the time appointed for the meeting, or if no director is
willing to act as chairman, the Members present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote shall choose one of their number to chair the
meeting. 

Right of a director to attend and speak 

12.6 Even if a director is not a Member, he shall be entitled to attend and speak at any general meeting and
at any separate meeting of Members holding a particular class of Shares in the Company. 

28 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Adjournment 

12.7 The chairman may at any time adjourn a meeting with the consent of the Members constituting a quorum.
The chairman must adjourn the meeting if so directed by the meeting. No business, however, can be transacted at an adjourned meeting other
than business which might properly have been transacted at the original meeting. 

12.8 Should a meeting be adjourned for more than twenty Clear Days, whether because of a lack of quorum or
otherwise, Members shall be given at least five Clear Days' notice of the date, time and place of the adjourned meeting and the general
nature of the business to be transacted. Otherwise it shall not be necessary to give any notice of the adjournment. 

Method of voting 

12.9 A resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided
on a poll. 

Taking of a poll 

12.10 A poll demanded on the question of adjournment shall be taken
immediately. 

12.11 A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken either immediately or at an adjourned meeting at
such time and place as the chairman directs, not being more than 30 Clear Days after the poll was demanded. 

12.12 The demand for a poll shall not prevent the meeting continuing to transact any business other than the
question on which the poll was demanded. 

12.13 A poll shall be taken in such manner as the chairman directs. He may appoint scrutineers (who need not
be Members) and fix a place and time for declaring the result of the poll. If, through the aid of technology, the meeting is held in more
than place, the chairman may appoint scrutineers in more than place; but if he considers that the poll cannot be effectively monitored
at that meeting, the chairman shall adjourn the holding of the poll to a date, place and time when that can occur. 

Chairman's casting vote 

12.14 If the votes on a resolution are equal, the chairman may if
he wishes exercise a casting vote. 

Amendments to resolutions 

12.15 An Ordinary Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary Resolution if: 

(a) not less than 48 hours before the meeting is to take place (or such later time as the chairman of the
meeting may determine), notice of the proposed amendment is given to the Company in writing by a Member entitled to vote at that meeting;
and 

(b) the proposed amendment does not, in the reasonable opinion of the chairman of the meeting, materially alter the scope of the resolution. 

29 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

12.16 A Special Resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by Ordinary Resolution, if: 

(a) the chairman of the meeting proposes the amendment at the general meeting at which the resolution is to be proposed, and 

(b) the amendment does not go beyond what the chairman considers is necessary to correct a grammatical or other non-substantive error
in the resolution. 

12.17 If the chairman of the meeting, acting in good faith, wrongly decides that an amendment to a resolution is out of order, the chairman's
error does not invalidate the vote on that resolution. 

Written resolutions 

12.18 Members may pass a resolution in writing without holding a meeting if the following conditions are met: 

(a) all Members entitled so to vote are given notice of the resolution as if the same were being proposed at a meeting of Members; 

(b) all Members entitled so to vote : 

(i) sign a document; or 

(ii) sign several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of those Members; and 

(c) the signed document or documents is or are delivered to the Company, including, if the Company so nominates,
by delivery of an Electronic Record by Electronic means to the address specified for that purpose. 

Such written resolution shall be as effective as if it had
been passed at a meeting of the Members entitled to vote duly convened and held. 

12.19 If a written resolution is described as a Special Resolution or as an Ordinary Resolution, it has effect
accordingly. 

12.20 The directors may determine the manner in which written resolutions shall be put to Members. In particular,
they may provide, in the form of any written resolution, for each Member to indicate, out of the number of votes the Member would have
been entitled to cast at a meeting to consider the resolution, how many votes he wishes to cast in favour of the resolution and how many
against the resolution or to be treated as abstentions. The result of any such written resolution shall be determined on the same basis
as on a poll. 

30 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Sole-member company 

12.21 If the Company has only one Member, and the Member records in writing his decision on a question, that record shall constitute both
the passing of a resolution and the minute of it. 

13 Voting rights of Members 

Right to vote 

13.1 Unless their Shares carry no right to vote, or unless a call or other amount presently payable has not
been paid, all Members are entitled to vote at a general meeting, and all Members holding Shares of a particular class of Shares are entitled
to vote at a meeting of the holders of that class of Shares. 

13.2 Members may vote in person or by proxy. 

13.3 Every Member shall have one vote for each Share he holds, unless any Share carries special voting rights. 

13.4 A fraction of a Share shall entitle its holder to an equivalent
fraction of one vote. 

13.5 No Member is bound to vote on his Shares or any of them; nor is he bound to vote each of his Shares in
the same way. 

Rights of joint holders 

13.6 If Shares are held jointly, only one of the joint holders may vote. If more than one of the joint holders
tenders a vote, the vote of the holder whose name in respect of those Shares appears first in the Register of Members shall be accepted
to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holder. 

Representation of corporate Members 

13.7 Save where otherwise provided, a corporate Member must act by a duly authorised representative. 

13.8 A corporate Member wishing to act by a duly authorised representative must identify that person to the
Company by notice in writing. 

13.9 The authorisation may be for any period of time, and must be
delivered to the Company not less than two hours before the commencement of the meeting at which it is first used. 

13.10 The directors of the Company may require the production of any evidence which they consider necessary
to determine the validity of the notice. 

31 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

13.11 Where a duly authorised representative is present at a meeting that Member is deemed to be present in
person; and the acts of the duly authorised representative are personal acts of that Member. 

13.12 A corporate Member may revoke the appointment of a duly authorised representative at any time by notice
to the Company; but such revocation will not affect the validity of any acts carried out by the duly authorised representative before
the directors of the Company had actual notice of the revocation. 

13.13 If a clearing house (or its nominee(s)), being a corporation, is a Member, it may authorise such persons
as it sees fit to act as its representative at any meeting of the Company or at any meeting of any class of Members provided that the
authorisation shall specify the number and class of Shares in respect of which each such representative is so authorised. Each person
so authorised under the provisions of this Article shall be deemed to have been duly authorised without further evidence of the facts
and be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers on behalf of the clearing house (or its nominee(s)) as if such person was the registered
holder of such Shares held by the clearing house (or its nominee(s)). 

Member with mental disorder 

13.14 A Member in respect of whom an order has been made by any court having jurisdiction (whether in the Cayman
Islands or elsewhere) in matters concerning mental disorder may vote, by that Member's receiver, curator bonis or other person authorised
in that behalf appointed by that court. 

13.15 For the purpose of the preceding Article, evidence to the satisfaction of the directors of the authority
of the person claiming to exercise the right to vote must be received not less than 24 hours before holding the relevant meeting or the
adjourned meeting in any manner specified for the delivery of forms of appointment of a proxy, whether in writing or by Electronic means.
In default, the right to vote shall not be exercisable. 

Objections to admissibility of votes 

13.16 An objection to the validity of a person's vote may only be raised at the meeting or at the adjourned
meeting at which the vote is sought to be tendered. Any objection duly made shall be referred to the chairman whose decision shall be
final and conclusive. 

Form of proxy 

13.17 An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in any common form or in any other form approved by the directors. 

13.18 The instrument must be in writing and signed in one of the following
ways: 

(a) by the Member; or 

(b) by the Member's authorised attorney; or 

(c) if the Member is a corporation or other body corporate, under seal or signed by an authorised officer, secretary or attorney. 

If the directors so resolve, the Company may accept an Electronic
Record of that instrument delivered in the manner specified below and otherwise satisfying the Articles about authentication of Electronic
Records. 

32 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

13.19 The directors may require the production of any evidence which they consider necessary to determine the
validity of any appointment of a proxy. 

13.20 A Member may revoke the appointment of a proxy at any time by notice to the Company duly signed in accordance
with the Article above about signing proxies; but such revocation will not affect the validity of any acts carried out by the proxy before
the directors of the Company had actual notice of the revocation. 

How and when proxy is to be delivered 

13.21 Subject to the following Articles, the form of appointment of a proxy and any authority under which it
is signed (or a copy of the authority certified notarially or in any other way approved by the directors) must be delivered so that it
is received by the Company not less than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named
in the form of appointment of proxy proposes to vote. They must be delivered in either of the following ways: 

(a) In the case of an instrument in writing, it must be left at or sent by post: 

(i) to the registered office of the Company; or 

(ii) to such other place specified in the notice convening the meeting or in any form of appointment of proxy
sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting. 

(b) If, pursuant to the notice provisions, a notice may be given to the Company in an Electronic Record, an
Electronic Record of an appointment of a proxy must be sent to the address specified pursuant to those provisions unless another address
for that purpose is specified: 

(i) in the notice convening the meeting; or 

(ii) in any form of appointment of a proxy sent out by the Company in relation to the meeting; or 

(iii) in any invitation to appoint a proxy issued by the Company in relation to the meeting. 

33 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

13.22 Where a poll is taken: 

(a) if it is taken more than seven Clear Days after it is demanded, the form of appointment of a proxy
and any accompanying authority (or an Electronic Record of the same) must be delivered as required under the preceding Article
not less than 24 hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll; 

(b) but if it to be taken within seven Clear Days after it was demanded, the form of appointment of
a proxy and any accompanying authority (or an Electronic Record of the same) must be e delivered as required under the preceding
Article not less than two hours before the time appointed for the taking of the poll. 

13.23 If the form of appointment of proxy is not delivered on time, it is invalid. 

Voting by proxy 

13.24 A proxy shall have the same voting rights at a meeting or adjourned meeting as the Member would
have had except to the extent that the instrument appointing him limits those rights. Notwithstanding the appointment of a proxy,
a Member may attend and vote at a meeting or adjourned meeting. If a Member votes on any resolution a vote by his proxy on the
same resolution, unless in respect of different Shares, shall be invalid. 

14 Number of directors 

Unless otherwise determined by
Ordinary Resolution, the minimum number of directors shall be one and there shall be no maximum. 

15 Appointment, disqualification and removal of directors 

No age limit 

15.1 There is no age limit for directors save that they must be aged at least 18 years. 

Corporate directors 

15.2 Unless prohibited by law, a body corporate may be a director. If a body corporate is a director,
the Articles about representation of corporate Members at general meetings apply, mutatis mutandis, to the Articles about directors 
meetings. 

No shareholding qualification 

15.3 Unless a shareholding qualification for directors is fixed by Ordinary Resolution, no director
shall be required to own Shares as a condition of his appointment. 

34 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Appointment and removal of directors 

15.4 The directors shall be divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. The number
of directors in each class shall be as nearly equal as possible. Immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO, the existing
directors shall by resolution classify themselves as Class I, Class II or Class III directors. The Class I directors shall stand
elected for a term expiring at the Company s first annual general meeting, the Class II directors shall stand elected for
a term expiring at the Company s second annual general meeting and the Class III directors shall stand elected for a term
expiring at the Company s third annual general meeting. Commencing at the Company s first annual general meeting, and
at each annual general meeting thereafter, directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for
a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual general meeting after their election. All directors shall hold office
until the expiration of their respective terms of office and until their successors shall have been elected and qualified. 

15.5 Subject to Article 15.4, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution appoint any person to be a director. 

15.6 Subject to death, resignation or removal, and with the exception of those directors appointed prior
to the first annual general meeting of the Company, each director shall serve a term of office that will expire at the third succeeding
annual general meeting after their appointment or election. 

15.7 A director may be removed from office with or without cause by: 

(a) (following the consummation of the Business Combination but not at any time before) an Ordinary
Resolution passed at a meeting of Members called for the purposes of removing the director or for purposes including the removal
of the director; or 

(b) subject to Article 15.4, a resolution of directors passed at a meeting of directors. 

15.8 Without prejudice to the Company s power to appoint a person to be a director pursuant to
these Articles, the directors shall have power at any time to appoint any person to be a director who: 

(a) is recommended as a director nominee by a majority of the Independent Directors; and 

(b) is willing to act as a director, 

either to fill
a vacancy or as an additional director. A director elected to fill a vacancy resulting from the death, resignation or removal of
a director shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the director whose death, resignation or removal shall have created
such vacancy and until his successor shall have been elected and qualified. 

15.9 Notwithstanding the other provisions of these Articles, in any case where, as a result of death,
the Company has no directors and no shareholders, the personal representatives of the last shareholder to have died have the power,
by notice in writing to the Company, to appoint a person to be a director. For the purpose of this Article: 

(a) where two or more shareholders die in circumstances rendering it uncertain who was the last to
die, a younger shareholder is deemed to have survived an older shareholder; 

(b) if the last shareholder died leaving a will which disposes of that shareholder s shares in
the Company (whether by way of specific gift, as part of the residuary estate, or otherwise): 

(i) the expression personal representatives of the last shareholder means: 

(A) until a grant of probate in respect of that will has been obtained from the Grand Court of the
Cayman Islands, all of the executors named in that will who are living at the time the power of appointment under this Article
is exercised; and 

35 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

(B) after such grant of probate has been obtained, only such of those executors who have proved that
will; 

(ii) without derogating from section 3(1) of the Succession Act (Revised), the executors named in that
will may exercise the power of appointment under this Article without first obtaining a grant of probate. 

15.10 A remaining director may appoint a director even though there is not a quorum of directors. 

15.11 No appointment can cause the number of directors to exceed the maximum; and any such appointment
shall be invalid. 

15.12 For so long as Shares are listed on a Designated Stock Exchange, the directors shall include at
least such number of Independent Directors as Applicable Law or the rules and regulations of the Designated Stock Exchange require,
subject to applicable phase-in rules of the Designated Stock Exchange. 

Resignation of directors 

15.13 A director may at any time resign office by giving to the Company notice in writing or, if permitted
pursuant to the notice provisions, in an Electronic Record delivered in either case in accordance with those provisions. 

15.14 Unless the notice specifies a different date, the director shall be deemed to have resigned on
the date that the notice is delivered to the Company. 

Termination of the office of director 

15.15 A director s office shall be terminated forthwith if: 

(a) he is prohibited by the law of the Cayman Islands from acting as a director; or 

(b) he is made bankrupt or makes an arrangement or composition with his creditors generally; or 

(c) in the opinion of a registered medical practitioner by whom he is being treated he becomes physically
or mentally incapable of acting as a director; or 

(d) he is made subject to any law relating to mental health or incompetence, whether by court order
or otherwise; 

(e) without the consent of the other directors, he is absent from meetings of directors for a continuous
period of six months; or 

(f) all of the other directors (being not less than two in number) determine that he should be removed
as a director, either by a resolution passed by all of the other directors at a meeting of the directors duly convened and held
in accordance with the Articles or by a resolution in writing signed by all of the other directors. 

36 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

16 Alternate directors 

Appointment and removal 

16.1 Until the consummation of a Business Combination, a director may not appoint an alternate. Following
the consummation of a Business Combination, Articles 16.2 to 16.5 inclusive shall apply. 

16.2 Subject to Article 16.1, any director may appoint any other person, including another director,
to act in his place as an alternate director. No appointment shall take effect until the director has given notice of the appointment
to the other directors. Such notice must be given to each other director by either of the following methods: 

(a) by notice in writing in accordance with the notice provisions; 

(b) if the other director has an email address, by emailing to that address a scanned copy of the notice
as a PDF attachment (the PDF version being deemed to be the notice unless Article 31.7 applies), in which event notice shall be
taken to be given on the date of receipt by the recipient in readable form. For the avoidance of doubt, the same email may be sent
to the email address of more than one director (and to the email address of the Company pursuant to Article 16.4(c)). 

16.3 Without limitation to the preceding Article, a director may appoint an alternate for a particular
meeting by sending an email to his fellow directors informing them that they are to take such email as notice of such appointment
for such meeting. Such appointment shall be effective without the need for a signed notice of appointment or the giving of notice
to the Company in accordance with Article 16.4. 

16.4 A director may revoke his appointment of an alternate at any time. No revocation shall take effect
until the director has given notice of the revocation to the other directors. Such notice must be given by either of the methods
specified in Article 16.2. 

16.5 A notice of appointment or removal of an alternate director must also be given to the Company by
any of the following methods: 

(a) by notice in writing in accordance with the notice provisions; 

(b) if the Company has a facsimile address for the time being, by sending by facsimile transmission
to that facsimile address a facsimile copy or, otherwise, by sending by facsimile transmission to the facsimile address of the
Company s registered office a facsimile copy (in either case, the facsimile copy being deemed to be the notice unless Article
31.7 applies), in which event notice shall be taken to be given on the date of an error-free transmission report from the sender s
fax machine; 

(c) if the Company has an email address for the time being, by emailing to that email address a scanned
copy of the notice as a PDF attachment or, otherwise, by emailing to the email address provided by the Company s registered
office a scanned copy of the notice as a PDF attachment (in either case, the PDF version being deemed to be the notice unless Article
31.7 applies), in which event notice shall be taken to be given on the date of receipt by the Company or the Company s registered
office (as appropriate) in readable form; or 

37 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

(d) if permitted pursuant to the notice provisions, in some other form of approved Electronic Record
delivered in accordance with those provisions in writing. 

Notices 

16.6 All notices of meetings of directors shall continue to be given to the appointing director and
not to the alternate. 

Rights of alternate director 

16.7 An alternate director shall be entitled to attend and vote at any board meeting or meeting of a
committee of the directors at which the appointing director is not personally present, and generally to perform all the functions
of the appointing director in his absence. 

16.8 For the avoidance of doubt: 

(a) if another director has been appointed an alternate director for one or more directors, he shall
be entitled to a separate vote in his own right as a director and in right of each other director for whom he has been appointed
an alternate; and 

(b) if a person other than a director has been appointed an alternate director for more than one director,
he shall be entitled to a separate vote in right of each director for whom he has been appointed an alternate. 

16.9 An alternate director, however, is not entitled to receive any remuneration from the Company for
services rendered as an alternate director. 

Appointment ceases when the appointor
ceases to be a director 

16.10 An alternate director shall cease to be an alternate director if the director who appointed him
ceases to be a director. 

Status of alternate director 

16.11 An alternate director shall carry out all functions of the director who made the appointment. 

16.12 Save where otherwise expressed, an alternate director shall be treated as a director under these
Articles. 

16.13 An alternate director is not the agent of the director appointing him. 

16.14 An alternate director is not entitled to any remuneration for acting as alternate director. 

Status of the director making the
appointment 

16.15 A director who has appointed an alternate is not thereby relieved from the duties which he owes
the Company. 

38 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

17 Powers of directors 

Powers of directors 

17.1 Subject to the provisions of the Law, the Memorandum and these Articles, the business of the Company
shall be managed by the directors who may for that purpose exercise all the powers of the Company. 

17.2 No prior act of the directors shall be invalidated by any subsequent alteration of the Memorandum
or these Articles. However, to the extent allowed by the Law, following the consummation of the IPO Members may by Special Resolution
validate any prior or future act of the directors which would otherwise be in breach of their duties. 

Appointments to office 

17.3 The directors may appoint a director: 

(a) as chairman of the board of directors; 

(b) as vice-chairman of the board of directors; 

(c) as managing director; 

(d) to any other executive office 

for such period and on such terms,
including as to remuneration, as they think fit. 

17.4 The appointee must consent in writing to holding that office. 

17.5 Where a chairman is appointed he shall, unless unable to do so, preside at every meeting of directors. 

17.6 If there is no chairman, or if the chairman is unable to preside at a meeting, that meeting may
select its own chairman; or the directors may nominate one of their number to act in place of the chairman should he ever not be
available. 

17.7 Subject to the provisions of the Law, the directors may also appoint any person, who need not be
a director: 

(a) as Secretary; and 

(b) to any office that may be required (including, for the avoidance of doubt, one or more chief executive
officers, presidents, a chief financial officer, a treasurer, vice-presidents, one or more assistant vice-presidents, one or more
assistant treasurers and one or more assistant secretaries), 

for such period and on such terms,
including as to remuneration, as they think fit. In the case of an Officer, that Officer may be given any title the directors decide. 

17.8 The Secretary or Officer must consent in writing to holding that office. 

17.9 A director, Secretary or other Officer of the Company may not hold the office, or perform the services,
of Auditor. 

39 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Remuneration 

17.10 The remuneration to be paid to the directors, if any, shall be such remuneration as the directors
shall determine, provided that no cash remuneration shall be paid to any director prior to the consummation of a Business Combination.
The directors shall also, whether prior to or after the consummation of a Business Combination, be entitled to be paid all out
of pocket expenses properly incurred by them in connection with activities on behalf of the Company, including identifying and
consummating a Business Combination. 

17.11 Remuneration may take any form and may include arrangements to pay pensions, health insurance,
death or sickness benefits, whether to the director or to any other person connected to or related to him. 

17.12 Unless his fellow directors determine otherwise, a director is not accountable to the Company for
remuneration or other benefits received from any other company which is in the same group as the Company or which has common shareholdings. 

Disclosure of information 

17.13 The directors may release or disclose to a third party any information regarding the affairs of
the Company, including any information contained in the Register of Members relating to a Member, (and they may authorise any director,
Officer or other authorised agent of the Company to release or disclose to a third party any such information in his possession)
if: 

(a) the Company or that person, as the case may be, is lawfully required to do so under the laws of
any jurisdiction to which the Company is subject; or 

(b) such disclosure is in compliance with the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Company s
shares are listed; or 

(c) such disclosure is in accordance with any contract entered into by the Company; or 

(d) the directors are of the opinion such disclosure would assist or facilitate the Company s
operations. 

18 Delegation of powers 

Power to delegate any of the directors 
powers to a committee 

18.1 The directors may delegate any of their powers to any committee consisting of one or more persons
who need not be Members. Persons on the committee may include non-directors so long as the majority of those persons are directors. 

18.2 The delegation may be collateral with, or to the exclusion of, the directors own powers. 

18.3 The delegation may be on such terms as the directors think fit, including provision for the committee
itself to delegate to a sub-committee; save that any delegation must be capable of being revoked or altered by the directors at
will. 

18.4 Unless otherwise permitted by the directors, a committee must follow the procedures prescribed
for the taking of decisions by directors. 

40 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Power to appoint an agent of the Company 

18.5 The directors may appoint any person, either generally or in respect of any specific matter, to
be the agent of the Company with or without authority for that person to delegate all or any of that person s powers. The
directors may make that appointment: 

(a) by causing the Company to enter into a power of attorney or agreement; or 

(b) in any other manner they determine. 

Power to appoint an attorney or authorised
signatory of the Company 

18.6 The directors may appoint any person, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the directors,
to be the attorney or the authorised signatory of the Company. The appointment may be: 

(a) for any purpose; 

(b) with the powers, authorities and discretions; 

(c) for the period; and 

(d) subject to such conditions 

as they think fit. The powers,
authorities and discretions, however, must not exceed those vested in, or exercisable, by the directors under these Articles. The
directors may do so by power of attorney or any other manner they think fit. 

18.7 Any power of attorney or other appointment may contain such provision for the protection and convenience
for persons dealing with the attorney or authorised signatory as the directors think fit. Any power of attorney or other appointment
may also authorise the attorney or authorised signatory to delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested
in that person. 

Power to appoint a proxy 

18.8 Any director may appoint any other person, including another director, to represent him at any
meeting of the directors. If a director appoints a proxy, then for all purposes the presence or vote of the proxy shall be deemed
to be that of the appointing director. 

18.9 Articles 16.1 to 16.5 inclusive (relating to the appointment by directors of alternate directors)
apply, mutatis mutandis, to the appointment of proxies by directors. 

18.10 A proxy is an agent of the director appointing him and is not an officer of the Company. 

19 Meetings of directors 

Regulation of directors meetings 

19.1 Subject to the provisions of these Articles, the directors may regulate their proceedings as they
think fit. 

41 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Calling meetings 

19.2 Any director may call a meeting of directors at any time. The Secretary, if any, must call a meeting
of the directors if requested to do so by a director. 

Notice of meetings 

19.3 Every director shall be given notice of a meeting, although a director may waive retrospectively
the requirement to be given notice. Notice may be oral. Attendance at a meeting without written objection shall be deemed to be
a waiver of such notice requirement. 

Period of notice 

19.4 At least five Clear Days notice of a meeting of directors must be given to directors. A
meeting may be convened on shorter notice with the consent of all directors. 

Use of technology 

19.5 A director may participate in a meeting of directors through the medium of conference telephone,
video or any other form of communications equipment providing all persons participating in the meeting are able to hear and speak
to each other throughout the meeting. 

19.6 A director participating in this way is deemed to be present in person at the meeting. 

Place of meetings 

19.7 If all the directors participating in a meeting are not in the same place, they may decide that
the meeting is to be treated as taking place wherever any of them is. 

Quorum 

19.8 The quorum for the transaction of business at a meeting of directors shall be two unless the directors
fix some other number or unless the Company has only one director. 

Voting 

19.9 A question which arises at a board meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. If votes are
equal the chairman may, if he wishes, exercise a casting vote. 

Validity 

19.10 Anything done at a meeting of directors is unaffected by the fact that it is later discovered that
any person was not properly appointed, or had ceased to be a director, or was otherwise not entitled to vote. 

Recording of dissent 

19.11 A director present at a meeting of directors shall be presumed to have assented to any action taken
at that meeting unless: 

(a) his dissent is entered in the minutes of the meeting; or 

(b) he has filed with the meeting before it is concluded signed dissent from that action; or 

42 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

(c) he has forwarded to the Company as soon as practical following the conclusion of that meeting signed
dissent. 

A director who votes in favour
of an action is not entitled to record his dissent to it. 

Written resolutions 

19.12 The directors may pass a resolution in writing without holding a meeting if all directors sign
a document or sign several documents in the like form each signed by one or more of those directors. 

19.13 Despite the foregoing, a resolution in writing signed by a validly appointed alternate director
or by a validly appointed proxy need not also be signed by the appointing director. If a written resolution is signed personally
by the appointing director, it need not also be signed by his alternate or proxy. 

19.14 Such written resolution shall be as effective as if it had been passed at a meeting of the directors
duly convened and held; and it shall be treated as having been passed on the day and at the time that the last director signs. 

Sole director s minute 

19.15 Where a sole director signs a minute recording his decision on a question, that record shall constitute
the passing of a resolution in those terms. 

20 Permissible directors interests and disclosure 

Permissible interests subject to disclosure 

20.1 Save as expressly permitted by these Articles or as set out below, a director may not have a direct
or indirect interest or duty which conflicts or may possibly conflict with the interests of the Company. 

20.2 If, notwithstanding the prohibition in the preceding Article, a director discloses to his fellow
directors the nature and extent of any material interest or duty in accordance with the next Article, he may: 

(a) be a party to, or otherwise interested in, any transaction or arrangement with the Company or in
which the Company is or may otherwise be interested; or 

(b) be interested in another body corporate promoted by the Company or in which the Company is otherwise
interested. In particular, the director may be a director, secretary or officer of, or employed by, or be a party to any transaction
or arrangement with, or otherwise interested in, that other body corporate. 

20.3 Such disclosure may be made at a meeting of the board or otherwise (and, if otherwise, it must
be made in writing). The director must disclose the nature and extent of his direct or indirect interest in or duty in relation
to a transaction or arrangement or series of transactions or arrangements with the Company or in which the Company has any material
interest. 

20.4 If a director has made disclosure in accordance with the preceding Article, then he shall not,
by reason only of his office, be accountable to the Company for any benefit that he derives from any such transaction or arrangement
or from any such office or employment or from any interest in any such body corporate, and no such transaction or arrangement shall
be liable to be avoided on the ground of any such interest or benefit. 

43 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Notification of interests 

20.5 For the purposes of the preceding Articles: 

(a) a general notice that a director gives to the other directors that he is to be regarded as having
an interest of the nature and extent specified in the notice in any transaction or arrangement in which a specified person or class
of persons is interested shall be deemed to be a disclosure that he has an interest in or duty in relation to any such transaction
of the nature and extent so specified; and 

(b) an interest of which a director has no knowledge and of which it is unreasonable to expect him
to have knowledge shall not be treated as an interest of his. 

Voting where a director is interested
in a matter 

20.6 A director may vote at a meeting of directors on any resolution concerning a matter in which that
director has an interest or duty, whether directly or indirectly, so long as that director discloses any material interest pursuant
to these Articles. The director shall be counted towards a quorum of those present at the meeting. If the director votes on the
resolution, his vote shall be counted. 

20.7 Where proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment of two or more directors to
offices or employment with the Company or any body corporate in which the Company is interested, the proposals may be divided and
considered in relation to each director separately and each of the directors concerned shall be entitled to vote and be counted
in the quorum in respect of each resolution except that concerning his or her own appointment. 

21 Minutes 

The Company shall cause minutes
to be made in books kept for the purpose in accordance with the Law. 

22 Accounts and audit 

Accounting and other records 

22.1 The directors must ensure that proper accounting and other records are kept, and that accounts
and associated reports are distributed in accordance with the requirements of the Law. 

No automatic right of inspection 

22.2 Members are only entitled to inspect the Company s records if they are expressly entitled
to do so by law, or by resolution made by the directors or passed by Ordinary Resolution. 

44 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Sending of accounts and reports 

22.3 The Company s accounts and associated directors report or auditor s report that
are required or permitted to be sent to any person pursuant to any law shall be treated as properly sent to that person if: 

(a) they are sent to that person in accordance with the notice provisions: or 

(b) they are published on a website providing that person is given separate notice of: 

(i) the fact that publication of the documents has been published on the website; 

(ii) the address of the website; and 

(iii) the place on the website where the documents may be accessed; and 

(iv) how they may be accessed. 

22.4 If, for any reason, a person notifies the Company that he is unable to access the website, the
Company must, as soon as practicable, send the documents to that person by any other means permitted by these Articles. This, however,
will not affect when that person is taken to have received the documents under the next Article. 

Time of receipt if documents are published
on a website 

22.5 Documents sent by being published on a website in accordance with the preceding two Articles are
only treated as sent at least five Clear Days before the date of the meeting at which they are to be laid if: 

(a) the documents are published on the website throughout a period beginning at least five Clear Days
before the date of the meeting and ending with the conclusion of the meeting; and 

(b) the person is given at least five Clear Days notice of the hearing. 

Validity despite accidental error
in publication on website 

22.6 If, for the purpose of a meeting, documents are sent by being published on a website in accordance
with the preceding Articles, the proceedings at that meeting are not invalidated merely because: 

(a) those documents are, by accident, published in a different place on the website to the place notified;
or 

(b) they are published for part only of the period from the date of notification until the conclusion
of that meeting. 

Audit 

22.7 The directors may appoint an Auditor of the Company who shall hold office on such terms as the
directors determine. 

22.8 Without prejudice to the freedom of the directors to establish any other committee, if the Shares
(or depositary receipts therefor) are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, and if required by the Designated Stock
Exchange, the directors shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee as a committee of the directors and shall adopt a formal
written Audit Committee charter and review and assess the adequacy of the formal written charter on an annual basis. The composition
and responsibilities of the Audit Committee shall comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC and the Designated Stock Exchange.
The Audit Committee shall meet at least once every financial quarter, or more frequently as circumstances dictate. 

45 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

22.9 If the Shares are listed or quoted on the Designated Stock Exchange, the Company shall conduct
an appropriate review of all related party transactions on an ongoing basis and shall utilise the Audit Committee for the review
and approval of potential conflicts of interest. 

22.10 The remuneration of the Auditor shall be fixed by the Audit Committee (if one exists). 

22.11 If the office of Auditor becomes vacant by resignation or death of the Auditor, or by his becoming
incapable of acting by reason of illness or other disability at a time when his services are required, the directors shall fill
the vacancy and determine the remuneration of such Auditor. 

22.12 Every Auditor of the Company shall have a right of access at all times to the books and accounts
and vouchers of the Company and shall be entitled to require from the directors and officers of the Company such information and
explanation as may be necessary for the performance of the duties of the Auditor. 

22.13 Auditors shall, if so required by the directors, make a report on the accounts of the Company during
their tenure of office at the next annual general meeting following their appointment in the case of a company which is registered
with the Registrar of Companies as an ordinary company, and at the next extraordinary general meeting following their appointment
in the case of a company which is registered with the Registrar of Companies as an exempted company, and at any other time during
their term of office, upon request of the directors or any general meeting of the Members. 

23 Financial year 

Unless the directors otherwise
specify, the financial year of the Company: 

(a) shall end on 31st December in the year of its incorporation and each following year; and 

(b) shall begin when it was incorporated and on 1st January each following year. 

24 Record dates 

Except to the extent of any conflicting
rights attached to Shares, the directors may fix any time and date as the record date for: 

(a) calling a general meeting; 

(b) declaring or paying a dividend; 

(c) making or issuing an allotment of Shares; or 

(d) conducting any other business required pursuant to these Articles. 

The record
date may be before or after the date on which a dividend, allotment or issue is declared, paid or made. 

46 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

25 Dividends 

Declaration of dividends by Members 

25.1 Subject to the provisions of the Law, the Company may by Ordinary Resolution declare dividends
in accordance with the respective rights of the Members but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by the directors. 

Payment of interim dividends and declaration
of final dividends by directors 

25.2 The directors may pay interim dividends or declare final dividends in accordance with the respective
rights of the Members if it appears to them that they are justified by the financial position of the Company and that such dividends
may lawfully be paid. 

25.3 Subject to the provisions of the Law, in relation to the distinction between interim dividends
and final dividends, the following applies: 

(a) Upon determination to pay a dividend or dividends described as interim by the directors in the
dividend resolution, no debt shall be created by the declaration until such time as payment is made. 

(b) Upon declaration of a dividend or dividends described as final by the directors in the dividend
resolution, a debt shall be created immediately following the declaration, the due date to be the date the dividend is stated to
be payable in the resolution. 

If the resolution fails to specify
whether a dividend is final or interim, it shall be assumed to be interim. 

25.4 In relation to Shares carrying differing rights to dividends or rights to dividends at a fixed
rate, the following applies: 

(a) If the share capital is divided into different classes, the directors may pay dividends on Shares
which confer deferred or non-preferred rights with regard to dividends as well as on Shares which confer preferential rights with
regard to dividends but no dividend shall be paid on Shares carrying deferred or non-preferred rights if, at the time of payment,
any preferential dividend is in arrears. 

(b) The directors may also pay, at intervals settled by them, any dividend payable at a fixed rate
if it appears to them that there are sufficient funds of the Company lawfully available for distribution to justify the payment. 

(c) If the directors act in good faith, they shall not incur any liability to the Members holding Shares
conferring preferred rights for any loss those Members may suffer by the lawful payment of the dividend on any Shares having deferred
or non-preferred rights. 

Apportionment of dividends 

25.5 Except as otherwise provided by the rights attached to Shares, all dividends shall be declared
and paid according to the amounts paid up on the Shares on which the dividend is paid. All dividends shall be apportioned and paid
proportionately to the amount paid up on the Shares during the time or part of the time in respect of which the dividend is paid.
If a Share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date, that Share shall rank for dividend
accordingly. 

47 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Right of set off 

25.6 The directors may deduct from a dividend or any other amount payable to a person in respect of
a Share any amount due by that person to the Company on a call or otherwise in relation to a Share. 

Power to pay other than in cash 

25.7 If the directors so determine, any resolution declaring a dividend may direct that it shall be
satisfied wholly or partly by the distribution of assets. If a difficulty arises in relation to the distribution, the directors
may settle that difficulty in any way they consider appropriate. For example, they may do any one or more of the following: 

(a) issue fractional Shares; 

(b) fix the value of assets for distribution and make cash payments to some Members on the footing
of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of Members; and 

(c) vest some assets in trustees. 

How payments may be made 

25.8 A dividend or other monies payable on or in respect of a Share may be paid in any of the following
ways: 

(a) if the Member holding that Share or other person entitled to that Share nominates a bank account
for that purpose - by wire transfer to that bank account; or 

(b) by cheque or warrant sent by post to the registered address of the Member holding that Share or
other person entitled to that Share. 

25.9 For the purpose of paragraph (a) of the preceding Article, the nomination may be in writing or
in an Electronic Record and the bank account nominated may be the bank account of another person. For the purpose of paragraph
(b) of the preceding Article, subject to any applicable law or regulation, the cheque or warrant shall be made to the order of
the Member holding that Share or other person entitled to the Share or to his nominee, whether nominated in writing or in an Electronic
Record, and payment of the cheque or warrant shall be a good discharge to the Company. 

25.10 If two or more persons are registered as the holders of the Share or are jointly entitled to it
by reason of the death or bankruptcy of the registered holder (Joint Holders), a dividend (or other amount) payable on or in respect
of that Share may be paid as follows: 

(a) to the registered address of the Joint Holder of the Share who is named first on the Register of
Members or to the registered address of the deceased or bankrupt holder, as the case may be; or 

(b) to the address or bank account of another person nominated by the Joint Holders, whether that nomination
is in writing or in an Electronic Record. 

25.11 Any Joint Holder of a Share may give a valid receipt for a dividend (or other amount) payable in
respect of that Share. 

48 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Dividends or other moneys not to bear
interest in absence of special rights 

25.12 Unless provided for by the rights attached to a Share, no dividend or other monies payable by the
Company in respect of a Share shall bear interest. 

Dividends unable to be paid or unclaimed 

25.13 If a dividend cannot be paid to a Member or remains unclaimed within six weeks after it was declared
or both, the directors may pay it into a separate account in the Company s name. If a dividend is paid into a separate account,
the Company shall not be constituted trustee in respect of that account and the dividend shall remain a debt due to the Member. 

25.14 A dividend that remains unclaimed for a period of six years after it became due for payment shall
be forfeited to, and shall cease to remain owing by, the Company. 

26 Capitalisation of profits 

Capitalisation of profits or of any
share premium account or capital redemption reserve 

26.1 The directors may resolve to capitalise: 

(a) any part of the Company s profits not required for paying any preferential dividend (whether
or not those profits are available for distribution); or 

(b) any sum standing to the credit of the Company s share premium account or capital redemption
reserve, if any. 

The amount resolved to be capitalised
must be appropriated to the Members who would have been entitled to it had it been distributed by way of dividend and in the same
proportions. The benefit to each Member so entitled must be given in either or both of the following ways: 

(a) by paying up the amounts unpaid on that Member s Shares; 

(b) by issuing Fully Paid Shares, debentures or other securities of the Company to that Member or as
that Member directs. The directors may resolve that any Shares issued to the Member in respect of partly paid Shares (Original
Shares) rank for dividend only to the extent that the Original Shares rank for dividend while those Original Shares remain partly
paid. 

Applying an amount for the benefit
of members 

26.2 The amount capitalised must be applied to the benefit of Members in the proportions to which the
Members would have been entitled to dividends if the amount capitalised had been distributed as a dividend. 

26.3 Subject to the Law, if a fraction of a Share, a debenture, or other security is allocated to a
Member, the directors may issue a fractional certificate to that Member or pay him the cash equivalent of the fraction. 

49 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

27 Share premium account 

Directors to maintain share premium
account 

27.1 The directors shall establish a share premium account in accordance with the Law. They shall carry
to the credit of that account from time to time an amount equal to the amount or value of the premium paid on the issue of any
Share or capital contributed or such other amounts required by the Law. 

Debits to share premium account 

27.2 The following amounts shall be debited to any share premium account: 

(a) on the redemption or purchase of a Share, the difference between the nominal value of that Share
and the redemption or purchase price; and 

(b) any other amount paid out of a share premium account as permitted by the Law. 

27.3 Notwithstanding the preceding Article, on the redemption or purchase of a Share, the directors
may pay the difference between the nominal value of that Share and the redemption purchase price out of the profits of the Company
or, as permitted by the Law, out of capital. 

28 Seal 

Company seal 

28.1 The Company may have a seal if the directors so determine. 

Duplicate seal 

28.2 Subject to the provisions of the Law, the Company may also have a duplicate seal or seals for use
in any place or places outside the Cayman Islands. Each duplicate seal shall be a facsimile of the original seal of the Company.
However, if the directors so determine, a duplicate seal shall have added on its face the name of the place where it is to be used. 

When and how seal is to be used 

28.3 A seal may only be used by the authority of the directors. Unless the directors otherwise determine,
a document to which a seal is affixed must be signed in one of the following ways: 

(a) by a director (or his alternate) and the Secretary; or 

(b) by a single director (or his alternate). 

If no seal is adopted or used 

28.4 If the directors do not adopt a seal, or a seal is not used, a document may be executed in the
following manner: 

(a) by a director (or his alternate) or any Officer to which authority has been delegated by resolution
duly adopted by the directors; or 

(b) by a single director (or his alternate); or 

(c) in any other manner permitted by the Law. 

50 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Power to allow non-manual signatures
and facsimile printing of seal 

28.5 The directors may determine that either or both of the following applies: 

(a) that the seal or a duplicate seal need not be affixed manually but may be affixed by some other
method or system of reproduction; 

(b) that a signature required by these Articles need not be manual but may be a mechanical or Electronic
Signature. 

Validity of execution 

28.6 If a document is duly executed and delivered by or on behalf of the Company, it shall not be regarded
as invalid merely because, at the date of the delivery, the Secretary, or the director, or other Officer or person who signed the
document or affixed the seal for and on behalf of the Company ceased to be the Secretary or hold that office and authority on behalf
of the Company. 

29 Indemnity 

Indemnity 

29.1 To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company shall indemnify each existing or
 former Secretary, director (including alternate director), and other Officer of the Company (including an investment adviser
 or an administrator or liquidator) and their personal representatives against: 

(a) all actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or
sustained by the existing or former Secretary or Officer in or about the conduct of the Company s business or affairs or
in the execution or discharge of the existing or former Secretary s or Officer s duties, powers, authorities or discretions;
and 

(b) without limitation to paragraph (a), all costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by the
existing or former Secretary or Officer in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative proceedings (whether threatened, pending or completed) concerning the Company or its affairs in any court or tribunal,
whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere. 

No such existing or former Secretary
or Officer, however, shall be indemnified in respect of any matter arising out of his own actual fraud, wilful default or wilful
neglect. 

29.2 To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may make a payment, or agree to make a payment,
whether by way of advance, loan or otherwise, for any legal costs incurred by an existing or former Secretary or Officer of the
Company in respect of any matter identified in paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) of the preceding Article on condition that the Secretary
or Officer must repay the amount paid by the Company to the extent that it is ultimately found not liable to indemnify the Secretary
or that Officer for those legal costs. 

51 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

Release 

29.3 To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may by Special Resolution release any existing
or former director (including alternate director), Secretary or other Officer of the Company from liability for any loss or damage
or right to compensation which may arise out of or in connection with the execution or discharge of the duties, powers, authorities
or discretions of his office; but there may be no release from liability arising out of or in connection with that person s
own actual fraud, wilful default or wilful neglect. 

Insurance 

29.4 To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Company may pay, or agree to pay, a premium in respect
of a contract insuring each of the following persons against risks determined by the directors, other than liability arising out
of that person s own dishonesty: 

(a) an existing or former director (including alternate director), Secretary or Officer or auditor
of: 

(i) the Company; 

(ii) a company which is or was a subsidiary of the Company; 

(iii) a company in which the Company has or had an interest (whether direct or indirect); and 

(b) a trustee of an employee or retirement benefits scheme or other trust in which any of the persons
referred to in paragraph (a) is or was interested. 

30 Notices 

Form of notices 

30.1 Save where these Articles provide otherwise, any notice to be given to or by any person pursuant
to these Articles shall be: 

(a) in writing signed by or on behalf of the giver in the manner set out below for written notices;
or 

(b) subject to the next Article, in an Electronic Record signed by or on behalf of the giver by Electronic
Signature and authenticated in accordance with Articles about authentication of Electronic Records; or 

(c) where these Articles expressly permit, by the Company by means of a website. 

Electronic communications 

30.2 Without limitation to Articles 16.2 to 16.5 inclusive (relating to the appointment and removal
by directors of alternate directors) and to Articles 18.8 to 18.10 inclusive (relating to the appointment by directors of proxies),
a notice may only be given to the Company in an Electronic Record if: 

(a) the directors so resolve; 

52 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

(b) the resolution states how an Electronic Record may be given and, if applicable, specifies an email
address for the Company; and 

(c) the terms of that resolution are notified to the Members for the time being and, if applicable,
to those directors who were absent from the meeting at which the resolution was passed. 

If the resolution is revoked
or varied, the revocation or variation shall only become effective when its terms have been similarly notified. 

30.3 A notice may not be given by Electronic Record to a person other than the Company unless the recipient
has notified the giver of an Electronic address to which notice may be sent. 

Persons authorised to give notices 

30.4 A notice by either the Company or a Member pursuant to these Articles may be given on behalf of
the Company or a Member by a director or company secretary of the Company or a Member. 

Delivery of written notices 

30.5 Save where these Articles provide otherwise, a notice in writing may be given personally to the
recipient, or left at (as appropriate) the Member s or director s registered address or the Company s registered
office, or posted to that registered address or registered office. 

Joint holders 

30.6 Where Members are joint holders of a Share, all notices shall be given to the Member whose name
first appears in the Register of Members. 

Signatures 

30.7 A written notice shall be signed when it is autographed by or on behalf of the giver, or is marked
in such a way as to indicate its execution or adoption by the giver. 

30.8 An Electronic Record may be signed by an Electronic Signature. 

Evidence of transmission 

30.9 A notice given by Electronic Record shall be deemed sent if an Electronic Record is kept demonstrating
the time, date and content of the transmission, and if no notification of failure to transmit is received by the giver. 

30.10 A notice given in writing shall be deemed sent if the giver can provide proof that the envelope
containing the notice was properly addressed, pre-paid and posted, or that the written notice was otherwise properly transmitted
to the recipient. 

Giving notice to a deceased or bankrupt
Member 

30.11 A notice may be given by the Company to the persons entitled to a Share in consequence of the death
or bankruptcy of a Member by sending or delivering it, in any manner authorised by these Articles for the giving of notice to a
Member, addressed to them by name, or by the title of representatives of the deceased, or trustee of the bankrupt or by any like
description, at the address, if any, supplied for that purpose by the persons claiming to be so entitled. 

53 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

30.12 Until such an address has been supplied, a notice may be given in any manner in which it might
have been given if the death or bankruptcy had not occurred. 

Date of giving notices 

30.13 A notice is given on the date identified in the following table. 

Method for giving notices 
 When taken to be given 
 
 Personally 
 At the time and date of delivery 
 
 By leaving it at the member s registered address 
 At the time and date it was left 
 
 If the recipient has an address within the Cayman Islands, by posting it by prepaid post to the street or postal address of that recipient 
 48 hours after it was posted 
 
 If the recipient has an address outside the Cayman Islands, by posting it by prepaid airmail to the street or postal address of that recipient 
 3 Clear Days after posting 
 
 By Electronic Record (other than publication on a website), to recipient s Electronic address 
 Within 24 hours after it was sent 
 
 By publication on a website 
 See the Articles about the time when notice of a meeting of Members or accounts and reports, as the case may be, are published on a website 

Saving provision 

30.14 None of the preceding notice provisions shall derogate from the Articles about the delivery of
written resolutions of directors and written resolutions of Members. 

31 Authentication of Electronic Records 

Application of Articles 

31.1 Without limitation to any other provision of these Articles, any notice, written resolution or
other document under these Articles that is sent by Electronic means by a Member, or by the Secretary, or by a director or other
Officer of the Company, shall be deemed to be authentic if either Article 31.2 or Article 31.4 applies. 

Authentication of documents sent by
Members by Electronic means 

31.2 An Electronic Record of a notice, written resolution or other document sent by Electronic means
by or on behalf of one or more Members shall be deemed to be authentic if the following conditions are satisfied: 

(a) the Member or each Member, as the case may be, signed the original document, and for this purpose
Original Document includes several documents in like form signed by one or more of those Members; and 

54 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

(b) the Electronic Record of the Original Document was sent by Electronic means by, or at the direction
of, that Member to an address specified in accordance with these Articles for the purpose for which it was sent; and 

(c) Article 31.7 does not apply. 

31.3 For example, where a sole Member signs a resolution and sends the Electronic Record of the original
resolution, or causes it to be sent, by facsimile transmission to the address in these Articles specified for that purpose, the
facsimile copy shall be deemed to be the written resolution of that Member unless Article 31.7 applies. 

Authentication of document sent by
the Secretary or Officers of the Company by Electronic means 

31.4 An Electronic Record of a notice, written resolution or other document sent by or on behalf of
the Secretary or an Officer or Officers of the Company shall be deemed to be authentic if the following conditions are satisfied: 

(a) the Secretary or the Officer or each Officer, as the case may be, signed the original document,
and for this purpose Original Document includes several documents in like form signed by the Secretary or one or more of those
Officers; and 

(b) the Electronic Record of the Original Document was sent by Electronic means by, or at the direction
of, the Secretary or that Officer to an address specified in accordance with these Articles for the purpose for which it was sent;
and 

(c) Article 31.7 does not apply. 

This Article applies whether
the document is sent by or on behalf of the Secretary or Officer in his own right or as a representative of the Company. 

31.5 For example, where a sole director signs a resolution and scans the resolution, or causes it to
be scanned, as a PDF version which is attached to an email sent to the address in these Articles specified for that purpose, the
PDF version shall be deemed to be the written resolution of that director unless Article 31.7 applies. 

Manner of signing 

31.6 For the purposes of these Articles about the authentication of Electronic Records, a document will
be taken to be signed if it is signed manually or in any other manner permitted by these Articles. 

Saving provision 

31.7 A notice, written resolution or other document under these Articles will not be deemed to be authentic
if the recipient, acting reasonably: 

(a) believes that the signature of the signatory has been altered after the signatory had signed the
original document; or 

55 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

(b) believes that the original document, or the Electronic Record of it, was altered, without the approval
of the signatory, after the signatory signed the original document; or 

(c) otherwise doubts the authenticity of the Electronic Record of the document 

and the recipient promptly gives
notice to the sender setting the grounds of its objection. If the recipient invokes this Article, the sender may seek to establish
the authenticity of the Electronic Record in any way the sender thinks fit. 

32 Transfer by way of continuation 

32.1 The Company may, by Special Resolution, resolve to be registered by way of continuation in a jurisdiction
outside: 

(a) the Cayman Islands; or 

(b) such other jurisdiction in which it is, for the time being, incorporated, registered or existing. 

32.2 To give effect to any resolution made pursuant to the preceding Article, the directors may cause
the following: 

(a) an application be made to the Registrar of Companies to deregister the Company in the Cayman Islands
or in the other jurisdiction in which it is for the time being incorporated, registered or existing; and 

(b) all such further steps as they consider appropriate to be taken to effect the transfer by way of
continuation of the Company. 

33 Winding up 

Distribution of assets in specie 

33.1 If the Company is wound up, the Members may, subject to these Articles and any other sanction required
by the Law, pass a Special Resolution allowing the liquidator to do either or both of the following: 

(a) to divide in specie among the Members the whole or any part of the assets of the Company and, for
that purpose, to value any assets and to determine how the division shall be carried out as between the Members or different classes
of Members; 

(b) to vest the whole or any part of the assets in trustees for the benefit of Members and those liable
to contribute to the winding up. 

No obligation to accept liability 

33.2 No Member shall be compelled to accept any assets if an obligation attaches to them. 

The directors are authorised to present
a winding up petition 

33.3 The directors have the authority to present a petition for the winding up of the Company to the
Grand Court of the Cayman Islands on behalf of the Company without the sanction of a resolution passed at a general meeting. 

56 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

34 Amendment of Memorandum and Articles 

Power to change name or amend Memorandum 

34.1 Subject to the Law and Article 34.2, the Company may, by Special Resolution: 

(a) change its name; or 

(b) change the provisions of its Memorandum with respect to its objects, powers or any other matter
specified in the Memorandum. 

Power to amend these Articles 

34.2 Subject to the Law and as provided in these Articles, the Company may, by Special Resolution, amend
these Articles in whole or in part save that no amendment may be made to the Memorandum or Articles to amend: 

(a) Article 36 prior to the Business Combination unless the holders of the Public Shares are provided
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon the approval of any such amendment in the manner and for the price as set
out in Article 36.11; or 

(b) this Article 34.2 during the Target Business Acquisition Period. 

35 Mergers and Consolidations 

The Company shall have the power
to merge or consolidate with one or more constituent companies (as defined in the Law) upon such terms as the directors may determine
and (to the extent required by the Law) with the approval of a Special Resolution. 

36 Business Combination 

36.1 Articles 36.1 to 36.11 shall terminate upon consummation of any Business Combination. 

36.2 The
 Company has up to 24 months from the closing of the IPO to consummate a Business Combination
 provided however if the board of directors anticipates that the Company may not be able to
 consummate a Business Combination within 24 months of the closing of the IPO, the directors
 may, in their sole discretion, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination
 by an additional two months. Furthermore, if the board of directors anticipates that the
 Company may not be able to consummate a Business Combination within such 26 months of the
 closing of the IPO, the directors may, in their sole discretion, extend the period of time
 to consummate a Business Combination up to seven more times, each by an additional one month
 extension (giving the Company a total of up to 33 months from the closing of the IPO to complete
 a Business Combination). In the event that the Company does not consummate a Business Combination
 within 24 months from the closing of the IPO, 26 months from the closing of the IPO or within
 up to 33 months from the closing of the IPO, subject to valid extensions having been made
 in each case (such date falling 24 months, 26 months or up to 33 months, as applicable, after
 the closing of the IPO being referred to as the Termination Date ), such failure shall
 trigger an automatic redemption of the Public Shares (an Automatic Redemption Event and the directors of the Company shall take all such action necessary to (i) cease all operations
 except for the purpose of winding up (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more
 than ten (10) Business Days thereafter to redeem the Public Shares to the holders of Public
 Shares, on a pro rata basis, in cash at a per-share amount equal to the applicable Per-Share
 Redemption Price; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such Automatic Redemption
 Event, subject to the approval of our remaining Members and our directors, liquidate and
 dissolve the Company, subject to the Company s obligations under the Law to provide for claims
 of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event of an Automatic Redemption
 Event, only the holders of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive pro rata redeeming
 distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Public Shares. 

57 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

36.3 Unless a shareholder vote is required by law or the rules of the Designated Stock Exchange, or,
at the sole discretion of the directors, the directors determine to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the
Company may enter into a Business Combination without submitting such Business Combination to its Members for approval. 

36.4 Although not required, in the event that a shareholder vote is held, and a majority of the votes
of the Shares entitled to vote thereon which were present at the meeting to approve the Business Combination are voted for the
approval of such Business Combination, the Company shall be authorised to consummate the Business Combination. 

36.5 

(a) In the event that a Business Combination is consummated by the Company other than in connection
with a shareholder vote under Article 36.4, the Company will, subject to as provided below, offer to redeem the Public Shares for
cash in accordance with Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act and subject to any limitations (including but not limited
to cash requirements) set forth in the definitive transaction agreements related to the initial Business Combination (the Tender
Redemption Offer ), provided however that the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or their
affiliates or the directors or officers of the Company pursuant to such Tender Redemption Offer, whether or not such holders accept
such Tender Redemption Offer. The Company will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to consummating the Business Combination
which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the Business Combination and the redemption rights as
would be required in a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. In accordance with the Exchange Act,
the Tender Redemption Offer will remain open for a minimum of 20 Business Days and the Company will not be permitted to consummate
its Business Combination until the expiry of such period. If in the event a Member holding Public Shares accepts the Tender Redemption
Offer and the Company has not otherwise withdrawn the tender offer, the Company shall, promptly after the consummation of the Business
Combination, pay such redeeming Member, on a pro rata basis, cash equal to the applicable Per-Share Redemption Price. 

(b) In the event that a Business Combination is consummated by the Company in connection with a shareholder
vote held pursuant to Article 36.4 in accordance with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act (the
 Redemption Offer ), the Company will, subject as provided below, offer to redeem the Public Shares, other than those Shares
held by the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates or the directors or officers of the Company, regardless of whether such shares
are voted for or against the Business Combination, for cash, on a pro rata basis, at a per-share amount equal to the applicable
Per-Share Redemption Price, provided however that: (i) the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by the Initial Shareholders
or their affiliates or the directors or officers of the Company pursuant to such Redemption Offer, whether or not such holders
accept such Redemption Offer; and (ii) any other redeeming Member who either individually or together with any affiliate of his
or any other person with whom he is acting in concert or as a group (as such term is defined under Section 13 of
the Exchange Act) shall not be permitted to redeem, without the consent of the directors, more than twenty percent (20 of the
total Public Shares sold in the IPO. 

58 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

(c) In no event will the Company consummate the Tender Redemption Offer or the Redemption Offer under
Article 36.5(a) or 36.5(b) or an Amendment Redemption Event under Article 36.11 if such redemptions would cause the Company to
have net tangible assets of less than US 5,000,001 or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained
in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. 

36.6 A holder of Public Shares shall be entitled to receive distributions from the Trust Account only
in the event of an Automatic Redemption Event, an Amendment Redemption Event or in the event he accepts a Tender Redemption Offer
or a Redemption Offer where the Business Combination is consummated. In no other circumstances shall a holder of Public Shares
have any right or interest of any kind in or to the Trust Account. 

36.7 Prior to a Business Combination, the Company will not issue any securities (other than Public Shares)
that would entitle the holder thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account; or (ii) vote on any Business Combination. 

36.8 In the event the Company enters into a Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with
the Sponsor or any of the directors or officers of the Company, the Company will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or independent accounting firm that such a Business Combination is fair to the holders of the Public Shares from a
financial point of view. 

36.9 The Company will not effectuate a Business Combination with another blank cheque 
company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

36.10 Immediately after the Company s IPO, that amount of the proceeds received by the Company
in or in connection with the IPO (including proceeds of any exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option and any proceeds
from the simultaneous private placement of like units comprising like securities to those included in the IPO by the Company) as
is described in the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC (the Registration Statement at
the time it goes effective as shall be deposited in the Trust Account shall be so deposited and thereafter held in the Trust Account
until released in the event of a Business Combination or otherwise in accordance with this Article 36. Neither the Company nor
any officer, director or employee of the Company will disburse any of the proceeds held in the Trust Account until the earlier
of (i) a Business Combination, or (ii) an Automatic Redemption Event or in payment of the acquisition price for any shares which
the Company elects to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire in accordance with this Article 36, in each case in accordance with
the trust agreement governing the Trust Account; provided that interest earned on the Trust Account (as described in the Registration
Statement) may be released from time to time to the Company to pay the Company s tax obligations. 

59 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

36.11 In the event the directors of the Company propose any amendment to Article 36 or to any of the
other rights of the Shares as set out at Article 2.5 prior to, but not for the purposes of approving or in conjunction with the
consummation of, a Business Combination that would affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligations as described
in this Article 36 to pay or to offer to pay the Per-Share Redemption Price to any holder of the Public Shares (an Amendment and such Amendment is duly approved by a Special Resolution of the Members (an Approved Amendment ), the Company will offer
to redeem the Public Shares of any Member for cash, on a pro rata basis, at a per-share amount equal to the applicable Per-Share
Redemption Price (an Amendment Redemption Event ), provided however that the Company shall not redeem those Shares held by
the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates or the directors or officers of the Company pursuant to such offer, whether or not
such holders accept such offer. 

37 Class B Share Conversion 

37.1 Save and except for the conversion rights referred to in this Article 37 and as otherwise set out
in these Articles, subject to Article 2.10, the rights attaching to all Shares shall rank pari passu in all respects, and the Class
A Shares and Class B Shares shall vote together as a single class on all matters. 

37.2 Unless triggered earlier at the option of a holder of Class B Shares in respect of such holder s
Class B Shares, all of the issued Class B Shares shall, at the time of the Company s
initial Business Combination, automatically be converted into such number of Class A Shares as is equal, in the aggregate, on an
as-converted basis, to 20 of the sum of: 

(a) the total number of Shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus 

(b) the total number of Class A Shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise
of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued by the Company in connection with or in relation to the completion
of the initial Business Combination (including the Forward Purchase Shares, but not the Forward Purchase Warrants), excluding any
Class A Shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A Shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued,
to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor or any of its affiliates
or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. 

37.3 References in this Article to converted , conversion or exchange shall mean the
compulsory redemption without notice of Class B Shares of any Member and, on behalf of such Members, automatic application of such
redemption proceeds in paying for such new Class A Shares into which the Class B Shares have been converted or exchanged at a price
per Class B Share necessary to give effect to a conversion or exchange calculated on the basis that the Class A Shares to be issued
as part of the conversion or exchange will be issued at par. The Class A Shares to be issued on an exchange or conversion shall
be registered in the name of such Member or in such name as the Member may direct. 

60 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

37.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 37, in no event may any Class B Share convert
into Class A Shares at a ratio that is less than one-for-one. Each Class B Share shall convert into its pro rata number of Class
A Shares as set forth in this Article 37. The pro rata share for each holder of Class B Shares will be determined as follows: Each
Class B Share shall convert into such number of Class A Shares as is equal to the product of 1 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator
of which shall be the total number of Class A Shares into which all of the issued Class B Shares shall be converted pursuant to
this Article and the denominator of which shall be the total number of issued Class B Shares at the time of conversion. 

37.5 The directors shall not allot or issue Class A Shares such that the number of authorised but unissued
Class A Shares would at any time be insufficient to permit the conversion of all Class B Shares from time to time issued into Class
A Shares. 

38 Certain Tax Filings 

38.1 Each Tax Filing Authorised Person and any such other person, acting alone, as any director shall
designate from time to time, are authorised to file tax forms SS-4, W-8 BEN, W-8 IMY, W-9, 8832 and 2553 and such other similar
tax forms as are customary to file with any US state or federal governmental authorities or foreign governmental authorities in
connection with the formation, activities and/or elections of the Company and such other tax forms as may be approved from time
to time by any director or officer of the Company. The Company further ratifies and approves any such filing made by any Tax Filing
Authorised Person or such other person prior to the date of the Articles. 

39 Business Opportunities 

39.1 In recognition and anticipation of the facts that: (a) directors, managers, officers, members,
partners, managing members, employees and/or agents of one or more members of the Sponsor Group (each of the foregoing, a Sponsor
Group Related Person may serve as directors and/or officers of the Company; and (b) the Sponsor Group engages, and may continue
to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Company, directly or indirectly,
may engage and/or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Company, directly or indirectly,
may engage, the provisions under this heading Business Opportunities are set forth to regulate and define the conduct
of certain affairs of the Company as they may involve the Members and the Sponsor Group Related Persons, and the powers, rights,
duties and liabilities of the Company and its officers, directors and Members in connection therewith. 

39.2 To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Sponsor Group and the Sponsor Group Related
Persons shall have no duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly
in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as the Company. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law,
the Company renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential
transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for either the Sponsor Group or the Sponsor Group Related Persons, on
the one hand, and the Company, on the other. Except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to the fullest extent permitted
by Applicable Law, the Sponsor Group and the Sponsor Group Related Persons shall have no duty to communicate or offer any such
corporate opportunity to the Company and shall not be liable to the Company or its Members for breach of any fiduciary duty as
a Member, director and/or officer of the Company solely by reason of the fact that such party pursues or acquires such corporate
opportunity for itself, himself or herself, directs such corporate opportunity to another person, or does not communicate information
regarding such corporate opportunity to the Company, unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such Sponsor Group Related
Person solely in their capacity as an Officer or director of the Company and the opportunity is one the Company is permitted to
complete on a reasonable basis. 

39.3 Except as provided elsewhere in the Articles, the Company hereby renounces any interest or expectancy
of the Company in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate
opportunity for both the Company and the Sponsor Group, about which a director and/or officer of the Company who is also an Sponsor
Group Related Person acquires knowledge. 

39.4 To the extent a court might hold that the conduct of any activity related to a corporate opportunity
that is renounced in this Article to be a breach of duty to the Company or its Members, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest
extent permitted by Applicable Law, any and all claims and causes of action that the Company may have for such activities. To the
fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, the provisions of this Article apply equally to activities conducted in the future
and that have been conducted in the past. 

61 Filed: 06-Mar-2023 12:01 EST www.verify.gov.ky File#: 366127 Auth Code: E97968302149 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-10_quadroacq1.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED MAY 25, 2022, INITIALLY ISSUED BY THE COMPANY TO OUR PRIOR SPONSOR AND ASSIGNED TO OUR SPONSOR

Exhibit 10.10 

THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM,
SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: Up to 400,000 
 Dated as of May 25, 2022 

Cayman
Islands 

Kismet Acquisition Two Corp., a Cayman Islands company (the Maker ),
promises to pay to the order of Kismet Sponsor Limited, a British Virgin Islands company, or its registered assigns or successors in
interest (the Payee ), or order, the principal sum of up to Four Hundred Thousand Dollars 400,000) in lawful money of the United
States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of
immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written
notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. This Note amends, replaces and supersedes in its entirety that certain promissory
note, dated April 13, 2022, made by the Maker in favour of the Payee (the Original Note ), and the unpaid principal balance of
the indebtedness evidenced by the Original Note is being merged into and will hereafter be evidenced by this Note. 

1. Principal. The principal balance of Note shall be payable within one year from the
date of the first draw down of the Note. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. 

2. Interest. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

3. Drawdown Requests. The principal of this Note may be drawn
down from time to time prior to December 31, 2022 (each, a Drawdown Request ). Payee shall fund each
Drawdown Request within five (5) business days after receipt of a Drawdown Request; provided, however, that the maximum amount of
drawdowns collectively under this Note is Four Hundred Thousand Dollars 400,000). 

4. Terms of Drawdown Requests. Maker and Payee agree that Maker
may request up to Four Hundred Thousand Dollars 400,000) for operational costs. 

5. Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first
to payment in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable
attorney s fees, then to the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance
of this Note. 

6. Events of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of
Default ): 

(a) Failure to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay
the principal amount due pursuant to this Note within five (5) business days of the date specified above. 

(b) Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary
case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment
of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or
for any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker
generally to pay its debts as such debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

(c) Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order
for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official)
of Maker or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of
any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days. 

7. Remedies. 

(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section
6(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal
amount of this Note, and all other amounts payable thereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest
or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same
to the contrary notwithstanding. 

(b) Upon the occurrence
of an Event of Default specified in Sections 6(b) and 6(c), the unpaid principal balance of this Note, and all other sums payable
with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all cases without any action on the part of
Payee. 

8. Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and
guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest
with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note, and
all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part
of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay
of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied
upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole
or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

9. Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby
waives all notices in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and
agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any
manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to any and
all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions
of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker
or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

10. Notices. All notices, statements or
other documents which are required or contemplated by this Agreement shall be: (1) in writing and delivered personally or sent by first
class registered or certified mail, overnight courier service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address designated in writing,
(ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided to such party or such other address or fax number as may be designated in writing
by such party and (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic
mail address as may be designated in writing by such party. Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have
been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by
facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing
if sent by mail. 

11. Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED
AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF. 

2 

12. Severability. Any provision contained
in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of
such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability
in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

13. Trust Waiver. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in
or to any distribution of or from the trust account established in which the proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO conducted by the Maker (including the deferred underwriters discounts and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the units issued
in a private placement occurred prior to the effectiveness of the IPO were deposited, as described in greater detail in the registration
statement and prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek
recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

14. Amendment; Waiver. Any amendment hereto
or waiver of any provision hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and the Payee. 

15. Assignment. No assignment or transfer
of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior
written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the day and year first
above written. 

KISMET ACQUISITION TWO CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Ivan Tavrin 

Name: 
 Ivan Tavrin 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

3 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_quadroacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 
RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Dimitri Elkin, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Quadro Acquisition One Corp. (f/k/a Kismet Acquisition Two Corp.); 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 18, 2023 

/s/ Dimitri Elkin 

Dimitri Elkin 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_quadroacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 
RULE 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Dimitri Elkin, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Quadro Acquisition One Corp. (f/k/a Kismet Acquisition Two Corp.); 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 18, 2023 

/s/ Dimitri Elkin 

Dimitri Elkin 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_quadroacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Quadro Acquisition One Corp. (f/k/a Kismet Acquisition Two Corp.) (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Dimitri Elkin, the Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to
my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: April 18, 2023 

/s/ Dimitri Elkin 

Dimitri Elkin 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_quadroacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Quadro Acquisition One Corp. (f/k/a Kismet Acquisition Two Corp.) (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Dimitri Elkin, the Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to
my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: April 18, 2023 

/s/ Dimitri Elkin 

Dimitri Elkin 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 qdro-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 qdro-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 qdro-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 qdro-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 qdro-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

