<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230418_10-K_edgar_data_1781726_0001493152-23-012632.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2646625</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>159858</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>867520</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>841207</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>289245</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>425366</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012632.hdr.sgml : 20230418
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417182918
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012632
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230418
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NP Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001781726
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EDUCATIONAL SERVICES [8200]
		IRS NUMBER:				832912878
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56140
		FILM NUMBER:		23825054

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4125 BLACKHAWK PLAZA CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 166
		CITY:			DANVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94506
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(925)-362-3169

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4125 BLACKHAWK PLAZA CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 166
		CITY:			DANVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94506

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GJ Culture Group US, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190705

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012632.txt : 20230418

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

N/A 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Common
Stock 

 (Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Yes
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. market value can be provided as no trading was done during the period referenced. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of April 17, 2023 was shares, 0.0001 par value. 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. 

FORM
10-K 

Table
of Contents 

Page
 No. 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 29 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 29 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 29 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 29 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 30 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 31 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 32 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 36 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 37 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 39 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 39 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 41 
 
 PART III 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 41 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 45 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 48 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 49 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 51 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 51 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than
statements of historical fact, included in this annual report regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future
revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, 
 believes, continue, estimates, expects, intends, may, 
 plans, potential, predicts, projects, should, will, 
 would, the negative of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although
not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 

We
have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that
the expectations underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, these expectations may prove to be incorrect, and all of these
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements.
We have included important risks and uncertainties in the cautionary statements included in this annual report. We believe these risks
and uncertainties could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. Should
one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions, projections or expectations prove incorrect,
actual results, performance or financial condition may vary materially and adversely from those anticipated, estimated or expected. Our
forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments
that we may make. We do not assume any obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In the light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking
events and circumstances discussed in this annual report may not occur, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

OUR
COMPANY 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. NP Life Sciences , NPLS , the Company , we ,
 us or our ), formerly GJ Culture Group US, Inc, was formed as a Nevada corporation on December 20, 2018 for
the purpose of providing educational and other related services based on classical Chinese studies and culture. We aim to serve as a
cultural and educational meeting point between China and the U.S.. We are an emerging company and is qualified and authorized to transact
intestate business in California. We are dedicated to providing educational services based on classical Chinese studies and culture.
We aim to serve as a cultural and educational meeting point between China and the U.S. Our business is providing education and training
courses based on classical Chinese studies both in Chinese and English, organizing China-U.S. international study tour activities for
participants of all ages, and organizing and promoting China-U.S. cultural events, art fairs, and exhibitions and other relevant activities
related to educating the public about Chinese culture 

On
November 8, 2022, we formed our wholly-owned subsidiary GW Health Consulting Management Inc. GW ), a California
corporation, for the purpose of providing mental health consulting and other related services. GW plans to provide offline and
online mental health consulting services for families, individuals, and company employees. GW plans to expand offline market
especially focus on the Southeast Asian market, including but not limited to South Korea, Singapore, and China. By providing mental
health consulting services, in the future, GW plans to extend its business to health care projects, health monitoring, psychological
hospitals, aesthetic medicine, etc. GW s business operations are at a very early stage and did not generate revenue in the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Currently, GW s business has been limited
to providing online career planning experience sharing and guidance consulting services, and mainly through introductions among
friends to obtain customer resources. 

Our
executive office is located in Danville, California. Additionally; we have cooperative agencies in California and China. We have established
a cooperative relationship with Shaanxi Guojiang Cultural Industry Group Co. Ltd Guojiang China ), which is an affiliated
company of us based in Shaanxi, China and also engages in business related to Chinese classical education. We intend through our cooperative
partners to enter into contracts for cooperation with experts in various fields of traditional Chinese culture and art; to offer a diverse
and systematic array of services related to Chinese classical studies, that cover the demand of the American market. We will focus on
education and the cultural exchange between China and the U.S. relying on our experience in the field of Chinese classical culture and
art. We intend to capitalize on the growing interest in China and on its increasing global influence. We will do this by offering a curated
and systematized curriculum of classical Chinese studies, and contribute to the exchange and development of cultural education and art
between China and the U.S. 

We
are committed to becoming a professional service institution of education, specifically in classical Chinese studies, culture and art.
Classical studies and art are at the core of our services. We will offer international study tours, online and offline, in classical
Chinese studies through classes, lectures, cultural, and artistic events. All of these will enrich, elevate and complement each other,
forming a vertically integrated set of products and services with growth potential. 

There
is a growing global interest in China, and an increasing demand to learn more about the Chinese culture and language. We believe it is
because the market for classical Chinese studies education and training in the U.S. exists, but it is still in an early stage of development.
Based on the market search results by Zero Power Intelligence Research Institute as described in previous chapter, we estimate that this
industry presents large training needs, many business opportunities and potential profit margins. 

We
plan to generate most of the revenue through provision of classical studies lectures, international study tour services, classical studies
education and training, and organizing cultural and artistic events. All of these services will be paid for by our students or participants
in advance. 

We
are qualified to trade on the OTC Markets Group Inc. s OTCQB Venture Market under the symbol NPLS. 

Industry
Background 

Increasing
Demand for Classical Chinese Studies Education in the U.S. 

Since
initiating market reforms in 1978, China s economy has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy.
The economy in China has grown significantly over the past few decades. China s overall economy and the average wage in China have
increased in recent years and are expected to grow, which inspired a growing global interest in China, and a growing demand to learn
more about the Chinese culture and language. Even Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook s CEO, offered RMB 840,000 (approximately USD 125,000)
to hire a Chinese speaking nanny for his daughter. Currently, there is a demand of Chinese education, both culturally and language-wise,
of about 6 million people in the U. S. 

The
market for classical Chinese studies education and training in the U.S. exists, but is still in an early stage of development. We estimate
that this industry presents huge training needs, substantial business opportunities, and considerable profit margins. It has already
attracted a large number of institutions and organizations who participate in the market and promote the development of the industry. 

4 

Data
source: Zero Power Intelligence Research Institute. The data supporting the two tables appearing in the Registration Statement on pages
15 and 18 was calculated based on statistics from National Bureau of Statistics of China, or NBSC, and relevant associations. To be more
specific, Zero Power use the population data of the United States in 2015 from National Bureau of Statistics (http://data.stats.gov.cn/easyquery.htm?cn=G0104)
and the historical population data from 1968 to 2018 of the United States from World Bank (https://data.worldbank.org.cn/indicator/SP.POP.TOTL?locations=US).
Zero Power then estimated the number of people participating in Chines education studies through its own theoretical deduction and data
model based upon its industry research. Zero Power also estimated that the annual spending on the such education is approximately 1,000
per person; and The number of people participating in classical Chinese studies education in the U.S. mainly includes the number of enrollments
of Confucius Institutes and classical Chinese studies education and training institutions in the U.S. 

The
numbers represent billions in USD. 

Targeting
Market for Classical Chinese Studies Education in the U.S. The Chinese-American Demographic 

According
to the U.S. Census Bureau, there were 4.52 million Chinese people living in the U.S. in 2018. This makes Chinese people the largest Asia-Pacific
ethnic group in the U.S., and the second largest ethnic group after the Mexicans, when considering all ethnic minorities as a whole.
The US Department of Homeland Security lists Chinese immigrants as the third-largest immigrant group in the United States. There are
21 million Asia-Pacific Americans in the U.S., accounting for 6.7 of the total population. It is expected that by 2050 Asia-Pacific
Americans will account for 10 of the total U.S. population. 

5 

Chinese
people gather in certain parts of the U.S., mainly in California, New York, and other metropolitan cities. Half of all Chinese Americans
live in the western part of the U.S. One fifth live in the northeast and south. In the west of the U.S. they concentrate in Seattle,
Washington, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and other cities located in California; and in the south in cities located in Texas, such as
Houston and Dallas. In the Northeast they concentrate in New York and Boston. New York City, with 570,000 Chinese, is a metropolis with
a large Chinese population. 

Most
Chinese Americans are concentrated in California, with 36.9 of the total Chinese population, followed by New York, with 16.9 ; New Jersey,
with 4.4 ; Texas, with 4.2 ; and Florida, with 4.1 . 

These
4.52 million Chinese-Americans, with a prior affinity to the Chinese identity and culture, will be our initial target audience. They
are the driving force behind the American educational enterprises offering traditional Chinese culture immersion courses and services
related to Chinese language and classical Chinese studies. 

Challenges
Faced by Institutions Offering Classical Chinese Studies Education in the U.S. 

The
classical Chinese studies education offered in the current U.S. market is in a state of chaotic development. This is mainly reflected
by two key factors: (i) the design and planning of course content is disorganized; and (ii) teachers are poorly selected and trained.
The combination of these two elements results in the fact that the concept of classical Chinese studies is not clearly defined. 

i. 
 Course
 setting. Due to the lack of carefully planned course and content design, there is no consensus
 on the subject of what constitutes classical Chinese studies in the U.S. This causes institutions
 and universities to develop their own policies and their own interpretation when selecting
 the curriculum and content for their classical Chinese studies courses. There is no unified
 curriculum for classical Chinese studies in the U.S. today. Each learning center and university
 uses the resources available to them when structuring a course, some prioritize art over
 history and literature, while others do the opposite. They all emphasize their perceived
 strong subjects or where they have more available resources. 

ii. 
 Teacher
 selection. The present market lacks teachers who are specialized or have the required skills, experience, and qualifications to teach
 a classical Chinese studies course. Some teachers who are not qualified to teach subjects related to classical Chinese studies are
 somehow teaching those courses. This lack of specialization and professionalism among the teachers themselves makes delivering a
 real classical Chinese studies course very difficult. Students, not knowing any better, blindly obey. 

Market
Opportunity Analysis of Classical Chinese Studies Education in the U.S. 

There
are not many education service providers who offer classical Chinese studies in the U.S., and long-term operating experience in this
field is non-existent. This may be because most of the educational institutions operating in the market pursue revenue and tend to ignore
the needs of clients. Many Internet educators focus on profitability rather than education itself, and their lack of competitive teaching
methods and content renders them unable to enter into an overseas market with a full-fledged array of different education offers like
they can in the U.S. 

6 

Service
providers offering classical Chinese studies education have two major functions: To teach American students Chinese and provide services
so that some of those American students can study abroad in China, and to promote the excellence of Chinese culture as a whole. Some
companies use their platform to provide American students with English-language versions of classical Chinese studies courses and Chinese
language learning courses. They also invite experts in Chinese language and professors, scholars, and academics of classical Chinese
studies to give lectures. 

Data
source: Zero Power Intelligence Research Institute. The data supporting the two tables appearing in the Registration Statement on pages
15 and 18 was calculated based on statistics from National Bureau of Statistics of China, or NBSC, and relevant associations. To be more
specific, Zero Power used the population data of the United States in 2015 from National Bureau of Statistics (http://data.stats.gov.cn/easyquery.htm?cn=G0104)
and the historical population data from 1968 to 2018 of the United States from World Bank (https://data.worldbank.org.cn/indicator/SP.POP.TOTL?locations=US).
Zero Power then estimated the number of people participating in Chines education studies through its own theoretical deduction and data
model based upon its industry research. Zero Power also estimated that the annual spending on the such education is approximately 1,000
per person; and The number of people participating in classical Chinese studies education in the U.S. mainly includes the number of enrollments
of Confucius Institutes and classical Chinese studies education and training institutions in the U.S. 

The
numbers represent billions in USD. 

7 

COMPANY
OVERVIEW 

NPLS
was formed as a Nevada corporation on December 20, 2018 for the purpose of providing educational and other related services based on
classical Chinese studies and culture. We aim to serve as a cultural and educational meeting point between China and the U.S.. We are
an emerging company and is qualified and authorized to transact intestate business in California. We are dedicated to providing educational
services based on classical Chinese studies and culture. We aim to serve as a cultural and educational meeting point between China and
the U.S. Our business is providing education and training courses based on classical Chinese studies both in Chinese and English, organizing
China-U.S. international study tour activities for participants of all ages, and organizing and promoting China-U.S. cultural events,
art fairs, and exhibitions and other relevant activities related to educating the public about Chinese culture. On September 8, 2022,
we filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to reflect its corporate name change from
 GJ Culture Group US, Inc. to NP Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. . 

On
November 8, 2022, we formed our wholly-owned subsidiary GW, a California Corporation, for the purpose of providing mental health consulting
and other related services. GW plans to provide offline and online mental health consulting services for families, individuals, and company
employees. GW plans to expand offline market especially focus on the Southeast Asian market, including but not limited to South Korea,
Singapore, China, etc. By providing mental health consulting services, , GW plans to extend its business to health care projects, health
monitoring, psychological hospitals, aesthetic medicine, etc. GW s business operations are at a very early stage and GW did not
generate any revenue in 2022, GW s business has been limited to providing online career planning experience sharing and guidance
consulting services, and mainly through introductions among friends to obtain customer resources. 

OUR
MISSION AND VISION 

Committed
to quality education service based on classical Chinese studies and culture 

Generally
speaking, classical Chinese studies mainly refer to an academic system which utilizes the study of Chinese classics to illustrate and
convey the ethos, philosophy, character, and moral and social code of the Chinese nation. Classical Chinese studies are applied to guarantee
the quality of education. It contributes to the development of intelligence in children, which requires the constant acquisition of knowledge,
the enhancement of language through reading and speaking, and the cultivation of memory abilities. All of these qualities can be developed
through Di Zi Gui , which offers the standards for being a good pupil and child, and the San Zi Jing (Three Character Classic)
used to teach children Confucian values. 

Adolescents
have entered the stage of understanding the world and establishing their personalities, and need to be guided in words and deeds, as
in this stage they have begun to learn through imitation. Therefore, in addition to words and deeds, they need to be given the proper
resources to enable them to fully digest and understand their pre-memory knowledge. Adolescents learn to develop critical thinking and
perception skills through classical Chinese poetry, painting, calligraphy, chess, and the Chinese Game of Go. 

Adults
have the richness of life experience behind them. Their life, work, and emotional spheres are more complex, so education at this stage
of life is dedicated to reflection, experience, and contemplation. Studying the rich ideological and theoretical works of the Chinese
classics will help adults think and act wisely and face with ease all difficulties that may present themselves in their life. 

Committed
to the dissemination of ancient Chinese philosophical ideas. 

The
development of a country cannot be separated from the proliferation of culture, which in turn cannot be separated from the inheritance
and dissemination of the cultural traditions existing in the area. In fact, Chinese culture is both ancient and complex, in and of itself
is an evidence of the continuing accumulation of knowledge through civilization. Chinese classical studies contain abundant ancient Chinese
philosophy. It is not only the essence of classical Chinese culture, but also an important factor to maintain the sustainable development
of contemporary China. We believe that Chinese culture and Chinese classical studies contribute not only to the sustained development
and expansion of the Chinese people, but to the sustained development of the world as a whole. Our long-term objective is to introduce
ancient Chinese philosophical ideas into collective consciousness. 

8 

Committed
to become a bond between Chinese and western cultures and art. 

NPLS
intends to gradually expand its international study tour services, classical Chinese studies education services, seminars, cultural events,
and art fairs by integrating and managing the valuable resources we have accumulated in the field of Chinese classical studies, culture,
and art. Over the years we have gained knowledge, experience, and expertise in the fields of both Chinese and western culture and art.
We anticipate that this knowledge will position us not only as an education service provider, but also as a platform for the exchange
of culture and art between China and the U.S. We intend to serve as a melting pot for the continuous amalgamation of Chinese and American
cultures. 

OUR
COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS 

The
contents of our seminars and teaching materials will be written and composed specifically for classical Chinese educational purposes. 

The
contents of our classical Chinese studies education curriculum will be designed based on the traditional Chinese classics. To develop
the contents and systematize our course curriculum we have incorporated both Chinese and western education models, applying a directional
development approach. Our system is different from other institutions in this industry that simply read the traditional classics and
design courses according to the objective needs of classes and lectures. We will adapt Chinese classical cultural principles to storytelling
to meet the dynamic needs of classroom lectures and will also use pictorial impressions to help students memorize and understand complex
text descriptions. 

We
will divide our students according to their developmental stage and design each course accordingly. This will allow us to offer the rich
and diverse content of classical Chinese studies and education services effectively and systematically. We have also planned to develop
special teaching programs and assessment materials for teachers and tutors of classical Chinese studies. 

Sophisticated
classical Chinese studies education system and one-stop training system 

Our
classical Chinese studies education services include curriculum education, lectures, international study tours, and cultural and art
exchanges. We believe our education services cover all aspects of classical Chinese culture. We have planned to specially develop phase-linked
courses and teaching methods that correspond to the different stages of classical Chinese studies. These phase-linked courses and teaching
methods guarantee that students learn classical Chinese studies systematically within a structured framework of education, which in turn
encourages students to further their education by taking the advanced courses. Systematic learning and the possibility to advance their
education increases student engagement. The variety of services we provide, such as classes, public lectures, international study tours,
cultural events and art exhibitions, will provide our students with a first-hand, hands-on integral learning experience. 

9 

Scientific
Theoretical System of Classical Studies Education 

We
have combined western psychology, neuroscience and Chinese classical studies to create a scientific theory of classical Chinese studies.
Using the analogy of how a tree grows, we have taken classical studies as the soil, moral behavior as the root, thoughts as the stem,
and the arts as the branches, emphasizing the idea of infiltrating the soul and enlightening wisdom. This idea is the basis
of our approach. We aim to provide a systematic classical studies education process for our students of different ages. We have developed
diversified services and products horizontally, these include lectures, classroom education, international study tour services and cultural
and artistic events. All of our students can participate in these activities because vertically we have adopted the concept of multi-level
and phased product development, so each product created horizontally is vertically adapted to cater to different needs according to different
developmental stages. 

Resources
for Classical Studies Education 

Education
is a subject that requires professionalism, and classical Chinese studies education requires professional teachers who can convey its
contents through a systematized and scientific approach. NPLS plans to collaborate with well-known masters in the field of Chinese culture
and art and plans to establish solid cooperation relationships with some institutions of classical Chinese culture and art in China. 

Our
team and contributors provide professional classical studies education, culture and art courses to numerous Chinese-Americans, scholars
and people interested in Chinese culture in general. We plan and co-ordinate our resources, and the resources of our contributors, to
offer a diverse and systematic array of services related to Chinese classical studies, to cover the demand of the American market. 

OUR
GROWTH STRATEGIES 

NPLS
is committed to becoming a professional service institution in the field of education, specifically in classical Chinese studies, culture,
and art. Classical studies and art are at the core of our services. We will offer international study tours, classical Chinese studies
seminars and lectures, and cultural and artistic events, all of which will enrich, elevate and complement each other, forming a vertically
integrated offer of products and services with great potential for growth. 

We
aspire to become a pre-eminent education service provider for classical Chinese culture study and intend to pursue the following strategies
to further grow our business: 

Enhance
education quality and academic results 

We
place great emphasis on enhancing our education quality. We offer one of the most comprehensive classical Chinese culture studies, and
plan to further enhance the breadth and depth of our course offerings to enrich our students learning experience. We will also
continue to devote resources to recruit experienced teachers, enhance ongoing teachers training programs through collaboration
with other education institutions, and develop proprietary teaching materials. 

10 

Promote
brand awareness 

We
believe that our education quality speaks volumes for our brand. Word-of-mouth referrals by former and current students and their families
have been an important source of student enrollment. We will continue to drive word-of-mouth marketing by focusing on improving our education
quality and students academic achievements while leveraging social media to improve the efficiency of our brand building and marketing
initiatives. 

In
addition, we plan to organize more event-driven marketing campaigns to further increase our influence in the industry and among parents,
such as seminars for prospective students, international education conferences and formation of strategic partnerships with international
education institutions. 

Expand
into new markets across the U.S. 

We
will continue to expand our course network into other regions in the United States to capture nationwide demand for quality classical
Chinese culture education. We intend to continue to replicate our success and apply our experience and know-how from the operation of
our mature facilities to new facilities and promote the sharing of teaching and administrative resources within our network. 

Increase
utilization rate and improve operating efficiency 

We
seek to increase our student enrollment and program utilization rate, especially for our programs that are at the ramp-up stage, through
marketing efforts and dedicated student recruiting teams. A larger student base allows more efficient utilization of our infrastructure
and resources and improves our operating efficiency and profitability. We will continue to standardize operation of our programs in areas
such as curriculum design, teaching resource allocation, cost control, auxiliary facilities, and service management. This will also allow
for better resource sharing within our network to achieve greater economies of scale. We will also provide training to our management
and administrative staff to ensure proper implementation of our standardized best practices. 

Pursue
strategic alliances and selective acquisition opportunities 

We
intend to continue to form strategic partnerships with reputable education institutions and make selective strategic alliances with and
acquisitions of complementary businesses to further improve our education quality, expand our student base and network, and diversify
our service offerings. 

We
are actively exploring potential joint venture opportunities with reputable overseas operators of classical Chinese culture institutes
to further expand our program network. We seek to invest in or acquire companies that are complementary to our business, including institutions
providing education and trading courses based on classical Chinese studies. We seek to increase our cooperation with organizations, especially
those specializing in organizing China-U.S. international study tour activities for participants of all ages and organizing and promoting
China-U.S. cultural events and art fairs and exhibitions, to further enhance and enrich our students learning experience and results. 

11 

CURRICULUM
DEVELOPMENT 

Definition
of Chinese Classical Studies Education 

Chinese
classical studies refer to the chief educational institutions established and operated by the imperial courts of ancient China, such
as the imperial colleges of Guo Zi Jian or Tai Xue. In the early 20th century, the terms classical studies
and Chinese classical academy became synonymous. Classical studies are a universe of content that revolve around the teachings of the
Chinese classical and ancient culture. It studies and interprets Chinese classical culture and academia with Confucianism as basis. There
are two levels of classical studies. In the broad sense, classical studies are what Hu Shi calls all the past cultural history
of China , including literature, history, religion, art, mathematics, etc. In a narrow sense, classical studies refer to the classical
Chinese ideology and culture. In short, classical studies education is the education of Chinese classical culture. It has two goals:
(i) to enrich the training system and quality of modern education by infusing it with the excellence of ancient Chinese culture; and
(ii) to absorb a deep understanding of the philosophical ideas that permeate ancient Chinese culture. 

Classification
of Classical Studies 

One
classification method of classical studies is the classification method of Siku Quanshu, which classifies classical studies
into four sections: Jing, Shi, Zi and Ji. 

Jing 
(Classics) refers to ancient books, such as the Classic of Changes , the Classic of Poetry , the Classic of Filial Piety ,
the Analects of Confucius , the Mencius , etc. Some works on language exegetics, such as the Erya, were included later. 

Shi 
(Histories) refers to historical works, including general history, such as Sima Qian s Records of the Grand Historian and
Zheng Qiao s Tongzhi ; dynastic history in Ban Gu s Book of Han , Chen Shou s Records of the Three Kingdoms ,
and Ouyang Xiu s New History of the Five Dynasties ; political history, in the Sima Guang s Zizhi Tongjian ,
and Li Tao s Xu Zizhi Tongjian Changbian ; and a detailed history of institutions and cultural relics, classics, and texts,
in Du You s Tongdian andMa Duanlin s Wenxian Tongkao and other chronicles of the region. 

Zi 
(Masters) refers to the collection of works of people who created a theory or school during the course of Chinese history, which incluedes
 Xunzi of Confucianism, Han Feizi and the Book of Lord Shang of Legalists, Sun Tzu of Military Strategists,
 Lao Tzu and Zhuangzi of Taoists, as well as books on Buddhism, the life of peasants, manuals for doctors, astronomical
algorithms, mathematics, arts, genealogy, miscellaneous writers, and novelists, all of which belong to the section of Zi. 

12 

Ji 
(Collections) include a collection of intellectuals and scholars and individual collections in history. Collections of individuals are
called Bie Ji , these include Li Taibai Ji , Du Gongbu Ji , Wang Jinggong Ji , etc. General collections
include Zhaoming Wenxuan , Wenyuan Yinghua , Y utai Xinyong , etc. Some ancient opera works, not included in Siku, such
as Changshengdian , Xixiangji and Peony Pavilion , are part of Ji. 

The
other method classifies classical studies according to their content attributes in three categories: the study of Neo-Confucianism, the
study of textual research and the study of poetry and prose. 

The
purpose of the study of Neo-Confucianism is to discover the underlying truth of all things, its essence is philosophical. The study of
textual research is to engage in historical research, that is, historiography. The study of poetry and prose is literature, and its purpose
is to engage in the creation of practical literary styles such as poetry, prose, reports, memorials to emperors and judgments. Later,
the study of country management, i.e. politics, economics, law and other social sciences for governance were included; as well as the
study of science and technology, i.e. acoustics, optics, chemistry, electrics and other natural sciences. 

RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT OF OUR SERVICES AND PRODUCTS 

The
research and development our services and products mainly include: (i) project development of our international study tours; (ii) the
content design of our lectures on classical Chinese studies; (iii) the curriculum development of our classical Chinese studies courses;
and (iv) the organizations and promotion of cultural events and art exhibitions. 

The
research and development of the international study tours we will provide include the design of the tour routes, content modules, travel
activities, safety plans, etc. The research and development of our classical Chinese studies lectures, and classical Chinese studies
courses includes the curriculum of contents, teaching materials, audio and audio-visual resources, teaching plans and references, courseware
tools, teaching methods, assessment standards, etc. The planning content of cultural events and art exhibitions mainly includes the design
of themes, activity scenarios, activity flows, activity promotion schemes, etc. 

The
Company plans to cooperate with experts or scholars who are interested in and have a thorough study of classical Chinese culture, or
form the Chinese culture or study center of major Chinese and American universities, or from some Chinese and American non-government
institutions which engage in classical Chinese culture and studies, for the research and development of educational products. By combining
education and research, we intend to improve the level and efficiency of our research and development process and lay a solid foundation
for the sustainable development of the educational services we offer. Our R D will use market research and competitive analysis to
determine which product and/or service to develop, it will complete a description of such product and/or service, deconstruct the project
design structure, implement the sub-module product or service according to the results of the deconstruction, and then integrate the
sub-module, to finally integrate the products and services. After the initial market validation, such products and services will be revised
based on the feedback received from students and participants, and then the comprehensive marketing work to promote such products and
services will begin. 

13 

OUR
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 

International
Study Tour Services 

Our
international study tour services mainly serve people in China and the U.S. who have an interest in Chinese classical culture and art.
By participating in our study tours based on classical Chinese studies, people will be able to mingle and network, improve their level
of classical Chinese culture and experience life in China. The tour will be cared for by specially-assigned staff selected to ensure
the participants safety. We currently offer three different types of international study tours: (i) the youth study tour series; (ii)
the adult study tour series; and (iii) themed study tour series of culture and art. 

We
intend to organize cultural exchange education tours targeting U.S. students, scholars, families, Chinese culture and art enthusiasts,
and others who wish to participate. The destinations in China will include ancient capitals such as Xi an, Beijing and Hangzhou.
Classical Chinese education seminars and workshops will be provided during the course of the trip. Participants will be able to learn
about Chinese history, culture, art and classical studies in an interactive, fun, and hands-on way. 

14 

We
entered into a Business Cooperation Agreement (the China Travel Agreement with Xi an China Travel Service Co., Ltd. China Travel on March 5, 2019. China Travel is the organizer of the traditional education related tour camp from the
U.S. to China. Pursuant to the China Travel Agreement, China Travel engages our Company to provide promotion and marketing services to
recruit participants to the Chinese classical culture related tour camp organized by China Travel from July to August, starting 2019,
and agreed to pay us 20,000 in promotional and marketing expenses. China Travel further agreed to pay us 15 of tour tuition we collected
from the participants we recruit and share 50/50 of any exceeding amount that we collect above base sales price of the tour tuition which
is 5,000 per participant. On June 3, 2019, we entered into a Supplementary Agreement to Business Cooperation Agreement (the China
Travel Supplementary Agreement with China Travel whereby the China Travel Agreement was amended to postpone the organizing period
of Chinese classical culture related tour camp from July to August, starting 2019, to January to February, 2020 or July to August, every
year since 2020. Due to the coronavirus outbreak, we further postponed the tour camp related to Chinese classical culture we plan
to organize for China Travel to the end of 2022 or 2023. 

Youth
 Study Tour Series 

The
youth study tour series will guide students while visiting major historical and cultural cities in China. The aim of the tour is for
the participants to experience classical Chinese culture at first hand. During the tour, we will teach participants classical Chinese
cultural entertainment skills such as chess, Luban lock, etc. Our youth study tour series will provide its participants a rich and varied
experience of classical Chinese culture, games and entertainment. We will create a happy and positive learning environment for our students,
enabling them to have a profound and intuitive understanding of the essence of classical studies, and to truly appreciate the charm of
Chinese culture. 

Basic
Tour Information 

Tour
Theme: Classical Chinese Studies Education. 

Target
Audience: Youths, ages 13 to 17. 

Tour
Length: 1-2 weeks (during summer and winter holidays). 

Destinations:
Single city or multiple cities. 

Departure
City: San Francisco, California. 

Group
Size: Around 20 participants. 

Tour
Content: Visits to historical and cultural sites; visits to museums; learn the basics of Chinese language; first-hand experience of classroom
curriculum. 

15 

Adult
 Study Tour Series 

The
adult tour series will guide its participants while visiting major historical and cultural cities in China, to explore and experience
Chinese culture and customs, and to interact and network with other classical Chinese studies enthusiasts from all over the world. Our
adult tour series provides first-class classical studies tutors and excellent courses integrating leisure and entertainment with tourism.
Its participants will benefit from a comfortable learning environment, which will allow them to experience first-hand the beauty of classical
studies and to truly appreciate its essence. 

Basic
Tour Information 

Tour
Theme: Classical Chinese Studies 

Target
Audience: College students, young professionals, families, Chinese history, art and culture enthusiasts. 

Tour
Length: 1-2 weeks 

Destinations:
Single city or multiple cities. 

Departure
City: San Francisco, California 

Group
Size: Around 20 participants. 

Tour
Content: Visits to historical and cultural sites; visits to museums; first-hand experience of Chinese chess, the Chinese Game of Go and
calligraphy, and etc. 

Themed
 Study Tour Series 

The
themed study tour series will guide participants while exploring Chinese culture, art and art collections, visiting major historical
and cultural cities in China. Participants will learn about Chinese classical culture and art, and network with other Chinese culture
and art enthusiasts from all over the world. The themed study tour series is based on aesthetics, integrating art and tourism. These
themed art tours will allow art enthusiasts to gather together, exchange and learn from each other. Providing a unique first-hand experience
of the charm of Chinese classical culture and art. 

16 

Basic
Tour Information 

Tour
Theme: Chinese art. 

Target
Audience: Culture and art enthusiasts, art collectors, etc. 

Tour
Length: 1-2 weeks. 

Destinations:
Single city or multiple cities. 

Departure
City: San Francisco, California 

Group
Size: Around 20 participants 

Tour
Content: Visits to historical and cultural sites; visits to art museums; first-hand experience of calligraphy, Chinese tea ceremony,
classical Chinese painting, etc. 

Lectures
on Classical Studies 

Classical
Chinese studies involve the classical Chinese academy, which includes philosophy, Confucian classics, literature, history, politics,
military science, natural science, theology, art, etc. All of these contents taken as a whole constitute the essence of classical Chinese
studies. Classical studies are based on the Chinese classics of the pre-Qin Dynasty, around 2000 years ago, and on the theories of various
masters. Classical Chinese studies cover a complete set of unique cultural and academic systems, such as Confucianism of the Han Dynasty,
Metaphysics of the Wei and Jin Dynasties, Neo-Confucianism of the Song and Ming Dynasties, Poetry of the Han Dynasty, Parallel prose
of the Six Dynasties, Poetry of the Tang and Song Dynasties, Operas of the Yuan Dynasty, novels of the Ming and Qing Dynasty, and etc.
Classical Chinese studies represent the richness of Chinese culture covering thousands of years and contain the wisdom and essence of
China s 5,000-year history. Nowadays, China s growth and development have caused a surge of interest in all things Chinese.
More people are interested in studying and understanding China s history, culture, and ethos. We will capitalize on this growing
interest by offering Lectures on Chinese Classical Studies bringing the core values of Chinese culture to those who have
an interest in learning. 

17 

Basic
Information 

Target
Audience: Ethnic Chinese people, people interested in Chinese culture, scholars and academics, etc. 

Form
of Lecture: Face to face lectures at regular intervals and online video courses. 

Content
of Lecture: (i) Classical Studies Series on Neo-Confucianism, philosophy series; (ii) Classical Studies Series on Country Management,
social sciences series; (iii) Classical Studies Series on Poetry and Prose; (iv) Classical Studies Series on Textual Research, series
on history and historical research. 

Meditation
Courses 

These
courses, through the enlightenment of meditation instructors, are aimed at achieving mental clarity, calmed emotions, and awakening the
healing power of awareness through channeling the meridian energy of the body. Meditation restores tranquility and awareness, opening
up the treasures of wisdom. 

Basic
Information 

Teaching
Method: Face to face lessons. 

Target
Audience: People who want to improve their physical health; people who want to achieve harmony in their career, family and relationships;
people who want to enhance their awareness and insight in daily life; people who want to improve their sense of happiness, joy and abundance;
people who seek the truth and essence of life. 

Contents:
(i) Teaching the basic knowledge of meditation. (ii) Understanding the principles of meditation and experiencing various meditation techniques.
(iii) Understanding, learning and mastering various meditation techniques. (iv) Analyzing the principles of meditation, revealing the
key knowledge of meditation, and teaching techniques for constant awareness. (v) Integrating the body and mind into the
natural landscape for self-building and participating in a spiritual sublimation journey. 

Education
and Training 

As
the name implies, classical Chinese studies are the study of Chinese history and tradition, which has been around for 5,000 years. In
the wave of economic globalization, classical Chinese studies have attracted the attention of people around the world, gradually becoming
a popular trend of intercultural studies. We believe there is a good business opportunity in offering classical Chinese studies courses
and education. We believe its contents will help enrich people s spiritual life. There is a global interest in learning about Chinese
culture, and a growing desire to take classes on the subject. However, the institutions offering classic Chinese studies in the U.S.
at the moment offer neither a systematic concept of classical studies education nor a professional approach to teaching. With this in
mind, and in order to structure different programs according to the different stages of cognitive development, we have developed junior
or beginner classes of classical studies for young people, a middle-level version course for classical Chinese culture enthusiasts, and
premium classes for professionals and corporate executives. 

18 

Beginner
 Classes 

Course
Content: Di Zi Gui (Standards for being a Good Pupil and Child), Tao Te Ching , Analects of Confucius , etc. 

Target
Audience: Children and teenagers. 

Purpose
of the Course: to provide children with the fundamental teachings of classical Chinese culture, to improve literacy and moral standards,
and to lay a good foundation for their academic formation and life. 

Meaning
of Classes: Di Zi Gui (means standards for being a good student and child), originally named Xun Meng Wen ,
is the reading material used to encourage and uphold integrity, educating students in the importance of fulfilling their duties and responsibilities,
protecting them against evil and preserving their innocence, and fostering loyalty and honesty. Tao Te Ching is the philosophy
of good people. The study of Tao Te Ching , as well as the Analects of Confucius can edify our wisdom and enhance our ability
to deal with the world. Therefore, when using these classics to educate children and teenagers, teachers quote the spirit therein and
can guide their behavior correctly, which is an extremely effective way to strengthen their development and training and promote the
development of their personality. 

Mid-level
 Classes 

Course
Content: Shiji (Records of the Grand Historian), Wenxin Diaolong (the Literary Mind and the Carving of Dragons), Legends ,
calligraphy, Chinese Painting, chess, art, etc. 

Target
audience: Children, youths, adults and seniors 

Purpose
of the Course: to comprehend the ancient philosophy behind doing things from ancient legends and historical classics. 

Meaning
of Classes: The class contents contain the stories of monarchs and seigniors, interpreting the truth of life in the world. 
Taking this course may help students to get inspired by ancient legends and to cultivate their minds with the introduction of new ideas.
The course also includes calligraphy, Chinese painting, and chess to include active tutoring and to experience the charm of classical
Chinese culture in a relaxed learning atmosphere. 

19 

Premium
 Classes 

Courses
Content: Sun Zi Bing Fa (The Art of War), the Records of the Three Kingdoms , Zizhi Tongjian (Comprehensive Mirror
in Aid of Governance), calligraphy, Chinese painting, chess art, etc. 

Target
Audience: professionals, corporate executives and classical culture learners. 

Purpose
of the Course: to apply ancient classics to the world of business and to improve the understanding of classical Chinese culture. 

Course
objective: Many strategies in Sun Tzu s Sun Zi Bing Fa can be applied in modern society, especially to the world of business.
The Records of the Three Kingdoms and Zizhi Tongjian can help people understand how ancient emperors managed their country
successfully; and to get management inspiration and insight. Calligraphy, Chinese painting, and chess art can contribute to the general
improvement of the person as a whole, regardless of their industry. 

Cultural
Events and Art Exhibition Activities 

The
Company regularly hosts various exhibitions on the subject of Chinese culture and art. Our exhibitions are based on the concepts of being
 international, professional, market-oriented and high-quality. They demonstrate the fruitful achievements of the development
of the Chinese and western culture and art. They also serve as a melting pot of the latest theories and views on the development of culture
and art, and establish a trading platform for cultural and artistic products and services. We believe that they contribute to further
the development of culture and art and to the exchange of culture and art between China and the U.S. 

We
intend to organize cultural and art exhibitions in the U.S., starting in California, as a way to promote our other business activities.
The exhibitions will be held in major art venues in San Francisco and the Bay Area, targeting the general public and Chinese culture
and art enthusiasts. The exhibitions will encompass important Chinese cultural artifacts, such as traditional paintings, craftsmanship,
calligraphy, and ancient literature. The events will be interactive and act as a form of cultural and business promotion for us. 

The
subject of activities includes: 

China-U.S.
 Cultural Events and Art Exhibitions 

Chinese
 Classical Painting Art Exhibitions 

Chinese
 Porcelain Art Exhibitions 

Chinese
 Classical Chess Exchange 

20 

Consulting
Services Relating to Classical Chinese Culture 

The
Company provides consulting service for those clients who are interested in doing business related to the classical Chinese studies and
culture. Our services include research and analysis services related to classical Chinese studies and culture for the business activities
proposed by our clients, online consulting and planning services for the development of client s business related to classical
Chinese studies and culture, training services for business staffs of our client, and also w will be responsible for arranging the transportation
and accommodations if our client organize its business staffs for field trips to the U.S. as well. 

We
entered into a Consulting Services Agreement with Shanaxi Qinming Culture Communication Co., Ltd., a limited company incorporated in
Shaanxi, China Shananxi Qinming on April 20, 2019. Shaanxi Qinming provides exhibition services, organizes cultural and
artistic activities, and engages in public relations activity planning. Pursuant to the Consulting Services Agreement, we will provide
research and analysis services related to the classical Chinese study and culture for the business activated proposed by Shaanxi Qinming,
provide online consulting and planning services regarding the development of their potential business related to classical Chinese studies
and culture, be responsible for the training of business staff of Shaanxi Qinming Business Staff and arrange transportation
and accommodations for the Business Staff if Shaanxi Qinming organize its Business Staff for field trips to the U.S. Shaanxi Qinming
agreed to pay us a preliminary fee for group training for the Business Staff and fees regarding the services provided by us. 

We
also entered into a Consulting Services Agreement with Hangzhou Zhuoya Cultural Planning Co., Ltd., a limited company incorporated in
Hangzhou, China Hangzhou Zhuoya on January 1st, 2020. Hangzhou Zhuoya engages in organizing culture art exchange activities,
exhibitions, and corporate brand and image promotion and planning services. Pursuant to the Consulting Services Agreement, we will provide
research and analysis services related to the classical Chinese study and culture for the business activated proposed by Hangzhou Zhuoya,
including but not limited to providing data and information related to market size, customer preference, development trend of classical
Chinese culture study, and provide online consulting and planning services regarding the development of their potential business involving
classical Chinese culture, especially for organizing and planning traditional Chinese cultural activities. Hangzhou Zhuoya agreed to
pay us 15,000 service fee upon completion of the services provided by us. We have received the payment of 15,000 from Hangzhou Zhuoya
on March 12, 2020. 

On
October 25, 2021, the Company also entered into a Services Agreement with Wenting Chen Chen ), an individual. Pursuant
to the Services Agreement, the Company will provide high-level customized study tour, including accommodation, catering, transportation,
scenic, and learning services etc. for Chen. The Company will utilize its excellent education information of classical Chinese study
and culture, advanced concept as well as local resources in the States to provide customized consulting services to Chen. Chen paid the
Company 20,000 service fee upon entering into the Services Agreement with the Company. The Company and Chen were not related parties
as of the effective date of the Consulting Services Agreement. 

On
October 30, 2021, the Company also entered into a Supplementary Agreement to Services Agreement dated October 25, 2021 with Wenting Chen Chen ), an individual. Pursuant to the Supplementary Agreement, and due to objective factors such as the Covid-19 epidemic
and the circuit breaker arrangement for Sino-US flights, Chen and Company amended the services to be provided under the Services Agreement.
Pursuant to the Supplementary Agreement, the Company will provide (1) research and analysis services to Chen related to classical Chinese
study and culture for the business activities proposed by Chen, including but not limited to providing data and information related to
market size, customer preferences, development trend of classical Chinese study and culture, etc. and; (2) online (including but not
limited to telephone, email) consulting and planning services for the development of Chen s business related to classical Chinese
study and culture, including but not limited to providing solutions to problems encountered in Chen s business involving classical
Chinese culture. Chen paid the Company 20,000 service fee under the terms of the Supplementary Agreement with the Company. The Company
and Chen were not related parties as of the effective date of the Consulting Services Agreement. 

On
November 24, 2021, the Company also entered into a Consulting Services Agreement with Xin Zeng Zeng ), an individual. Pursuant
to the Consulting Services Agreement, the Company will provide research and analysis services related to the classical Chinese study
and culture for the business activities proposed by Zeng, including but not limited to providing data and information related to market
size, customer preference, development trend of classical Chinese culture study, and provide online consulting and planning services
regarding the development of their potential business involving classical Chinese culture, especially for organizing and planning traditional
Chinese cultural activities. The Company will utilize its excellent education information of classical Chinese study and culture, advanced
concept as well as local resources in the United States to provide customized consulting services to Zeng. Zeng paid the Company 15,000
service fee upon entering into the Services Agreement with the Company. The Company and Zeng were not related parties as of the effective
date of the Consulting Services Agreement. 

In 2022, the Company also entered into four Consulting Services Agreements
with four individual customers respectively. Pursuant to those Consulting Services Agreements, the Company provided research and analysis
services related to the classical Chinese study and culture for the business activities proposed by individual customers, including but
not limited to providing data and information related to market size, customer preference, development trend of classical Chinese culture
study, and provide online consulting and planning services regarding the development of their potential business involving classical Chinese
culture, especially for organizing and planning traditional Chinese cultural activities. The Company utilizes its excellent education
information of classical Chinese study and culture, advanced concept as well as local resources in the United States to provide customized
consulting services to them. The four individual customers paid the Company 102,020 service fee under the terms of Services Agreement.
The Company and those four individual customers were not related parties as of the effective date of the Consulting Services Agreements. 

OUR
REVENUE 

Regular
Business Income 

We
expect to generate most of our revenues from the international study tours we will offer, from the classical Chinese studies education
course and from our meditation training courses. All of these services will be paid for by our students or participants in advance. As
of today, all of our revenue is generated from providing consulting services to our contracted Chinese partners, including telephone
or online consultation regarding market and research analysis of classical Chinese culture study in U.S. for the business activities
or international tour proposed by our Chinese partners. We also provide online trainings to the staff of our Chinese business partners. 

21 

Sales
of incidental materials required for our course training. 

To
participate in some of our courses students will sometimes need to purchase certain supplies, such as the four stationery treasures of
study, Hanfu clothing, classical musical instruments, sets of chess and Chinese Go, classical books, etc. As the number of students increases,
the demand for these supplies will increase. The company will customize some of these supplies through novel design concepts. We expect
these supplies to generate revenue for the company. 

Sales
Income from Cultural Events and Art Exhibitions 

We
expect to generate revenues from our activities organizing, hosting, and promoting cultural events and art exhibitions through participation
fees, ticket sales, commissions on sales, sponsorships, etc. 

Health
Consulting Services 

GW
intends to generate revenue from offline and online mental health consulting services for families, individuals, and company employees 

OUR
SALES 

Our
Service Target Market 

We
will mainly provide our educational services in the field of classical Chinese studies, art, and culture to Chinese-Americans, American
youths, scholars, art collectors, and professional and corporate executives interested in learning more about Chinese culture. 

Sales
Management Model 

The
Company s sales model combines front-end promotion, mid-end contract, and back-end services to form a complete chain. Sales services
are initiated by the sales department, based on its current plan, scope, objectives, and methods. Promotion will be made through advertising,
customer referral, network publicity, and word-of-mouth. After engaging customers, the sales department will extend a telephone invitation
and carry out on-site visits and post-sale services. After formally hiring our services, the corresponding business department will provide
customers with the products and services they purchased. The R D department will supervise the products and services delivered to
our customers. Our general manager will supervise the whole process and revise it according to the feedback we receive. The general manager
will also provide guidance to the sales department according to the scope, goals and methods of the sales department. 

22 

OUR
DEVELOPMENT PLAN 

Product
 Plan 
 To
 establish user-centered product service strategy 

To
 continuously improve the professional level of our products and services. 

To
 gradually enrich our products and services. 

To
 establish a process for product and service development 

Market
 Plan 
 To
 establish a market strategy implemented step-by-step and emphasizing development 

Phase
 I: Key Development San Francisco 

Phase
 II: Regional Market Development California 

Phase
 III: Overall Development - US 

Talent
 Plan 
 To
 establish talent recruitment strategy 

To
 establish a talent recruitment system 

To
 establish an efficient talent training system 

To
 establish a scientific talent assessment system 

23 

OUR
BRANDING AND MARKETING 

We
have established a clear target audience and market objectives and have structured on marketing plan and determined a detailed marketing
strategy with the objective of achieving reaching our target audience. 

Market
 Agent 

Our
goal is to become the leading service provider of classical Chinese education, with emphasis in the field of art and culture. In the
next five years, we will focus our business in the U.S. and China. Our chief executive office is currently located in Danville, California.
From there we intend to expand our business ventures, initially within the state of California and then to the rest of America. 

Product
 Distribution 

Our
product and service distribution strategies will emphasize our achievements with respect to the professionalization and the systematization
of knowledge and content of classical Chinese cultural and artistic studies. Because the content of classical Chinese education and culture
are rather complex, they present multiple possibilities when combining content in the process of product development. Students of different
age groups and backgrounds have different preferences. In order to satisfy the diverse demands of our customers, we intend to adjust
and optimize our products and services from time to time, and to provide tailored services to meet the requirements of our customers.
We will develop products and services based on Chinese education, culture, and art in accordance with the needs of our customers. We
will prioritize the systematization of content, the creation of different product categories, and the professionalization of our teaching
methods when designing our product and service distribution strategy. 

24 

Marketing
 Geographic Area 

We
will initially operate in San Francisco Bay Area, and expand our business throughout the state of California and into the rest of America
in stages as follows: 

Stage
1: Central Market - San Francisco and the Bay Area 

Our
executive office is located in Danville, San Francisco Bay Area, California. Around 20 of the 800,000 people residing in San Francisco
Bay Area are Chinese or of Chinese descent. San Francisco is one of the cities with the highest density of residents with Chinese heritage.
San Francisco has a large district called Chinatown which has played a significant role in the political, economic, and
social aspects of life in the California region. Therefore, we believe that the San Francisco Bay Area will provide us with a natural
market advantage in the field of Chinese education, justifying our choice of San Francisco Bay Area as an entry point for the exploration
of the U.S. market. 

Stage
2: Regional Market California 

Expanding
from the market in San Francisco, we will focus on the rest of the state of California. As the market area grows, team-building and marketing
efforts will be strengthened. The state of California presents a strong market due to its large Sino-Asian population base. The state
also has the largest number of Chinese students studying abroad in the U.S. The total number of international students in California
is about 135,130, with 33.6 being Chinese. 

Stage
3: Comprehensive Market - the United States 

When
the Company obtains strong operational capabilities and enters the stage of rapid development, it will gradually expand its target market
to cover to the whole U.S. With the continuous improvement of our service capabilities and the continuous development of our business,
we will strive to establish branches in key markets and metropolitan areas in the U.S. 

Marketing
 Strategies 

In
terms of marketing strategies, the company will focus on cultural activities and supplement those with advertising and promotion. Marketing
will be carried out in three stages. 

Stage
1: Market penetration. 

To
penetrate the market we will advertise in paper publications, such as local newspapers and magazines. We will strive to convey the Company s
name, products, and brand to our target audience through the media and radio. Specific concepts and images will be incorporated into
these communication strategies. 

In
addition, promotional materials such as leaflets, posters, and gifts will be delivered on a regular basis to our target audience. Marketing
personnel will distribute these materials in crowded places to achieve the desired market outreach. Additionally, we will set up fixed
help desks near schools and in places where our target audience concentrates. We will seek to connect with museums and cultural venues
in general to discuss mutual cooperation and brand promotion. 

25 

Stage
2: Media Marketing 

Once
we start generating profits we will consider including advertising through television, the internet, and other media. In addition to
strong a media presence, we also intend to organize conferences, classical cultural exchange meetings, cultural and artistic exchanges,
and three-dimensional art exhibitions, all of which will help to represent and promote our brand. With this approach to marketing we
intend to establish an attractive corporate image and increase the Company s visibility. We plan to conduct regular exchanges with
local schools, offering free course trials to students to encourage them to experience classical Chinese studies. We expect to build
a good reputation and corporate image through the word-of-mouth. 

Stage
3: Seminar Marketing 

When
the company s development becomes stable and has a certain influence in the industry, we plan to host classical Chinese culture
seminars regularly, inviting Chinese scholars, Chinese cultural enthusiasts or other Chinese education institutions to send representatives
to conduct classical studies exchanges. These seminars will be held on a regular basis. We intend to scale and expand these events to
become the most influential Chinese school exchange event in the United States. 

COMPETITION 

Competition
Analysis of Classical Studies Education Market in the U.S. 

American
colleges and universities, for the purpose of cooperation, connect Chinese and American educational enterprises. The collaboration between
the two includes exchanging classrooms, language training, high-end applications for studying abroad, homework counseling and career
guidance services. After cooperating, the parties mainly provide services to Chinese students studying in America. American enterprises
provide various services for students interested in studying abroad through the integration of regional platforms. 

On
the one hand, Chinese classical studies education enterprises provide language training and preparation for the entrance exams required
for foreign students interested in studying in the U.S. On the other hand, they also provide an English version of the preparation of
entrance exams and an English version of classical Chinese culture courses for native American students in the U.S. In addition to basic
learning courses, Chinese classical studies education enterprises have also launched internships and employment guidance courses for
foreign students and pre-employment guidance services for graduates returning home. 

Trend
of Classical Studies Education in the U.S. 

The
American education industry operates in a large market. The major classical studies education enterprises in the U.S. are just recently
starting to pay attention to the application of scientific and technological methods to teaching, barely grasping the industry trends
and level of competition. Many major classical studies education enterprises in the U.S. prefer to develop their business through distance-learning
and through cooperation with Chinese classical studies education companies, having their content developed by Chinese companies, and
a sales and promotion department in America. 

Analysis
of Information Trend Development of Classical Studies Education 

In
the social media era, the dissemination of new media through computers and mobile phones has proved convenient for the development of
classical Chinese studies education. Firstly, American classical studies enterprises can now set up a column for Classical Studies 
on their platforms and select several teachers with profound knowledge of classical Chinese culture to teach and manage course online.
Fast, open and interactive online communication channels between teachers and students contribute to learning. Secondly, the opening
of online courses is an effective way of promotion. We will engage experienced and successful online course designers to design and operate
online courses related to classical studies. Thirdly, we may take advantage of the opportunity to organize online classical Chinese culture
competitions for promotional purposes. 

26 

Chart:
Value Chain of Educational Informatization 

EMPLOYEES 

At
the date hereof, we do not have any full time employees but we plan to hire employees in the foreseeable future as our business grows. 

We
have entered into a Business Collaboration Agreement with BEEC Inc, a Nevada corporation, whereby they will serve as our agents for the
purpose of selling and promoting our products and services. As such, they will assist us in the process of obtaining the appropriate
qualification to do business in California, to enroll students and recruit teachers, and use BEEC employees to help us with arranging
meals, accommodation, transportation and sightseeing during our international study tours. The term of the Business Collaboration Agreement
is two years, which shall automatically renew for an additional two-year period, unless earlier terminated by both parties. For their
agency services, BEEC, Inc. will receive a commission equivalent to 25 of the sales price invoiced to our customers. According to the
Business Collaboration Agreement, BEEC, Inc. shall act as our agent in the U.S. 

REGULATIONS 

Effect
of Existing or Probable U.S. Government Regulations on the Business 

Generally,
we intend to provide non-certified educational services without the issuance of a degree. Providers of such educational services are
generally not required to be licensed under applicable state laws. For example, the New York Education Law exempts from its licensing
provisions schools that provide instruction in only the following subjects: religion, dancing, 38 music, painting, drawing, sculpture,
poetry, dramatic art, languages, reading comprehension, mathematics, recreation, yoga, martial arts, pilates and athletics. In California,
another state we intend to provide services, the California Education Code and the California Code of Regulations, Title 5, Education
apply uniquely to K-12 public schools, special education services and ancillary topics concerning the former, including teacher credentialing.
We believe that the other states in which we intend to operate provide similar exemptions from licensure. 

We
are subject to laws, rules or regulations of general applicability, including laws respecting labor, work safety and health. To date,
these laws have not had a material adverse effect on our operations. While our business operations have not been materially adversely
affected by regulation, we cannot assure you that we will not be adversely affected in the future nor can we predict the effect of any
future legislation or regulation. 

27 

Existing
or Probable PRC Government Regulations on the Business 

The
Standing Committee of the National People s Congress promulgated Tourism Law of the PRC on 25 April 2013 and amended it on 7 November
2016 and 26 October 2018. Tourism Law of the PRC applies to tours, vacations, recreations and other forms of tourism activities within
the territory of the PRC and including outbound tours but organized within the territory of the PRC and the incidental services provided.
Pursuant to Tourism Law of the People s Republic of China, approval from the tourism authorities shall be obtained and industrial
and commercial registration shall be made in accordance with the relevant PRC law in order to establish a travel agency, attract, organize
and receive tourists, and provide tourism services, the following requirements shall be met: (i) have a fixed business site; (ii) equipped
with the necessary business facilities; (iii) have registered capital that conforms to the regulations; (iv) have necessary management
staff and tour guides; and (v) any other condition stipulated by the laws and administrative regulations. 

Travel
agencies may engage in the following businesses: (i) domestic tourism; (ii) outbound tourism; (iii) border tourism; (iv) inbound tourism;
and (v) other tourism businesses. To engage in businesses (ii) and (iii) above, a travel agency must obtain the required business license.
Specific requirements shall be set by the State Council of the PRC. 

The
Regulations on Travel Agencies was promulgated by the State Council of the PRC on 20 February 2009, and amended on 6 February 2016 and
1 March 2017 (the Regulations on Travel Agencies ). The term travel agencies as mentioned in the Regulations
on Travel Agencies shall refer to enterprise legal persons that engage in such activities as soliciting, organizing and receiving tourists,
provide tourists with relevant tourism services, and conduct domestic tourism business, inbound tourism business, or outbound tourism
business. A travel agency operating different tourism businesses shall deposit different quality assurance funds. A travel agency operating
the domestic tourism business and inbound tourism business shall deposit the quality assurance fund of RMB200,000. Where, in violation
of this Regulation on Travel Agencies, and if the travel agency refuses to correct, its business permit for travel agencies shall be
revoked. 

In
order to strengthen the administration of tourism safety, Administrative Measures for Tourism Safety was promulgated by the China National
Tourism Administration of the PRC (which entity has been revoked, changed to Ministry of Culture and Tourism of the PRC on 27 September
2016 (the Administrative Measures ). Pursuant to the Administrative Measures, tourism operators shall observe the following requirements:
(i) their service places, service items, facilities and equipment meet the requirements of the relevant safety laws, regulations and
mandatory standards; (ii) recruiting the necessary safety and rescue personnel and installing relevant facilities and equipment; (iii)
establishing a safety management and responsibility system; and (iv) guaranteeing capital investment in work safety. 

We
collaborate with travel agencies inside China to provide international study tour services from U.S. to China or from China to U.S. According
to the Business Cooperation Agreement (the China Travel Agreement we entered into with Xi an China Travel Service
Co., Ltd. China Travel on March 5, 2019, China Travel shall be the organizer of the classical Chinese culture related
tour camp from the U.S. to China. We only cooperate and engage with qualified PRC travel agencies, such as above mentioned China Travel,
with required business license to organize Chinese classical culture related tour program inbound or outbound China. Because we are not
engaged in travel agency business in China, the Tourism Law of the PRC, the Regulations on Travel Agencies, and Administrative Measures
for Tourism Safety promulgated by relevant Chinese governments and authorities are not applicable to us. 

INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY 

We
have completed our three trademark applications in the States and have obtained approval from the USPTO. We have registered our domain
name WWW.GJCC.US and completed building our website. 

28 

INSURANCE 

We
currently do not maintain any insurance policies, such as personal injury protection insurance, business interruption insurance, product
liability insurance or key-man life insurance. 

PRINCIPAL
ADDRESS 

Our
principal address is located at 4125 Blackhawk Plaza Circle, Suite 166, Danville, CA 94506. Our telephone number is (925) 362-3169.. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Our
company does not own any real property. 

We
have leased a section of the office space rented by BEEC, Inc. located at 4125 Blackhawk Plaza Circle Suite 166, Danville, California.
The term of the sublease is one year, beginning on December 15 th , 2018 and ending on December 31, 2019 subject to automatic
annual renewal unless terminated by either party upon advance written notice. Our monthly rent amounts to 800, payable on the first
day of each calendar quarter. In addition to rent we will pay BEEC, Inc. 2,050 a year for bookkeeping charges; 135 for setting up our
separate phone line and 425 for our door sign and directory. BEEC, Inc. may end our sublease by giving us a minimum of two months prior
notice. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

Our
company is not a party to any legal proceedings. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Mine
safety disclosures are not applicable. 

29 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB Market system under the symbol NPLS. The following table sets forth the high and low
quotations of our common stock reported by the OTC Market system for the periods indicated. Over-the-counter market quotations reflect
inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

(Expressed
in U.S. Dollars based on Yahoo Finance) 

2022 
 
 2021 

High 
 Low 
 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First
 quarter 
 0.75 
 0.75 
 First
 quarter 
 0.51 
 0.15 
 
 Second
 quarter 
 0.75 
 0.35 
 Second quarter 
 0.51 
 0.51 
 
 Third
 quarter 
 0.75 
 0.325 
 Third
 quarter 
 0.51 
 0.51 
 
 Fourth
 quarter 
 0.95 
 0.15 
 Fourth
 quarter 
 1.50 
 0.51 

Number
of Holders 

As
of April 17, 2023, 42,959,574 shares of our common stock were outstanding and held of record by approximately 59 stockholders of record. 

30 

Dividends 

We
cannot provide any assurance that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination to declare cash
dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition,
results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.
Our board of directors may determine it to be necessary to retain future earnings (if any) to finance our growth. See Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
have not adopted an Equity Compensation Plan. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. 

Not
applicable. 

31 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This
discussion contains forward-looking statements about our business and operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those
we currently anticipate as a result of many factors, including those we described under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this
prospectus. Certain statements contained in this discussion, including, without limitation, statements containing the words believes, 
 anticipates, expects and the like, constitute forward-looking statements. However, as we will
issue penny stock, as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act, we are ineligible to rely
on these safe harbor provisions. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that
may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any of the future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on such forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any of such factors or to announce publicly the results of revision
of any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments. For information regarding risk factors
that could have a material adverse effect on our business, refer to the Risk Factors section of this prospectus beginning
on page 3. 

Overview 

NPLS, formerly GJ Culture Group US, Inc, is an emerging company incorporated in Nevada and is qualified and authorized to transact intestate
business in California. We are dedicated to providing educational services based on classical Chinese studies and culture. We aim to
serve as a cultural and educational meeting point between China and the U.S. Our business is providing education and training courses
based on classical Chinese studies both in Chinese and English, organizing China-U.S. international study tour activities for participants
of all ages, and organizing and promoting China-U.S. cultural events, art fairs, and exhibitions and other relevant activities related
to educating the public about Chinese culture. 

On
November 8, 2022, we formed our wholly-owned subsidiary GW, a California Corporation, for the purpose of providing mental health consulting
and other related services. GW plans to provide offline and online mental health consulting services for families, individuals, and company
employees. GW plans to expand offline market especially focus on the Southeast Asian market, including but not limited to South Korea,
Singapore, China, etc. By providing mental health consulting services, in the future, GW plans to extend its business to health care
projects, health monitoring, psychological hospitals, aesthetic medicine, etc. GW s business operations are at very early stage,
GW s business has been limited to providing online career planning experience sharing and guidance consulting services, and mainly
through introductions among friends to obtain customer resources. 

Our executive office is located in Danville, the State
of California, U.S. We intend to offer a diverse and systematic array of services related to Chinese classical studies, that cover the
demand of the American market. We will focus on education and the cultural exchange between China and the U.S. relying on our experience
in the field of Chinese classical culture and art. We intend to capitalize on the growing interest in China and on its increasing global
influence. We will do this by offering a curated and systematized curriculum of classical Chinese studies, and contribute to the exchange
and development of cultural education and art between China and the U.S. 

At present, NP Life Sciences Health Industry Group
will offer international study tours, online and offline, in classical Chinese studies through classes, lectures, cultural, and artistic
events. All of these will enrich, elevate and complement each other, forming a vertically integrated set of products and services with
growth potential. 

There
is a growing global interest in China, and an increasing demand to learn more about the Chinese culture and language. We believe it is
because the market for classical Chinese studies education and training in the U.S. exists, but it is still in an early stage of development.
Based on the market search results by Zero Power Intelligence Research Institute as described in previous chapter, we estimate that this
industry presents large training needs, many business opportunities and potential profit margins. 

We
plan to generate most of the revenue through provision of classical studies lectures, international study tour services, classical studies
education and training, and organizing cultural and artistic events. All of these services will be paid for by our students or participants
in advance. 

General

Revenues
are comprised of providing promotions and consulting services to our partner who gives international study tour services and, commission
to be received from partner enrollment services, and mental health consulting services. 

Our
general and administrative expenses consist of costs related to marketing, selling, personnel cost, and professional fee to law firm
and accounting firm, etc. 

32 

Results
of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

The
following table sets forth key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated: 

For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 102,002 
 34,992 
 
 Cost
 of revenues 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross
 profit 

Selling,
 general and administrative expense 
 120,857 
 100,673 
 
 Interest
 income, net 
 (1 
 4 
 
 Income/(loss)
 before income taxes 
 (18,856 
 (65,677 
 
 Income
 tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 
 (18,856 
 (65,677 

Revenues 

We
report 102,002 in revenue in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 291 from 34,992 generated during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2021. . . Revenues are comprised of promotion and consulting service rendered to our partner who provides international
study tour services. GW did not generate any revenue during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cost
of Revenues 

There
is no cost of revenue occurred during the period. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses 

We
recorded 120,857 in selling, general and administrative expenses in the reporting period, and it mainly consists of professional service
from our law firm, auditor and accountant etc. 

Our
selling, general and administrative expenses increased by US 20,184 or 20 from US 100,673 for 2021 to US120,857 for 2022. The increase
was primarily attributable to the increase of professional service fee. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We
plan to fund operations of the Company through the proceeds from public offerings, private placements of restricted securities, or the
issuance of stock in lieu of cash for payment of services until profitable operations are achieved. If we do not raise all of the money
we need from public offerings or through private placements, we will have to find alternative sources, such as loans or advances from
our officers, directors or others. Such additional financing may not become available on acceptable terms and there can be no assurance
that any additional financing that the Company obtains will be sufficient to meet its needs in the long term. There are no written agreements
in place for such funding or issuance of securities and there can be no assurance that such will be available in the future. We believe
that this plan provides an opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. 

The
failure to achieve the necessary levels of profitability or obtain the additional funding would be detrimental to the Company. 

33 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table presents the major components of net cash flows used in and provided by operating, investing and financing activities
for the periods presented: 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in): 

Operating
 activities 
 93,873 
 (90,625 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Financing
 activities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 93,873 
 (90,625 

Operating
Activities 

Operating
activities consisted primarily of net income/(loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items. In addition, operating cash flows included the
effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities. 

The cash provided by operating activities in 2022 was 93,873 which was
increased by 184,498 from 90,625 cash used for 2021. The increase in cash by operating activities was mainly due to decrease of net
loss of 46,821 and the increase of net cash flows from operating assets and liabilities of 137,677. 

Investing
Activities 

There
was no investing activity in the reporting period. 

Financing
Activities 

There
was no financing activity in the reporting period. 

Significant
Accounting Policies 

Use
of Estimates and Assumptions 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. 

Due
to the limited level of operations, the Company has not made material assumptions or estimates other than the assumption that the Company
is a going concern. 

34 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

ASC
825, Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments , requires disclosure of fair value information about financial
instruments. ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally
accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value estimates discussed herein are based
upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of December 31, 2018. 

The
respective carrying values of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximate their fair values. These financial instruments
include cash, accrued liabilities and notes payable. Fair values were assumed to approximate carrying values for these financial instruments
since they are short term in nature and their carrying amounts approximate fair value. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company will recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification No. 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC-606 ). ASC-606 requires that the criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: 

1. 
 The
 parties to the contract have approved the contract (in writing, orally, or in accordance with other customary business practices)
 and are committed to perform their respective obligations. 
 
 2. 
 The
 Company can identify each party s rights regarding the goods or services to be transferred. 
 
 3. 
 The
 Company can identify the payment terms for the goods or services to be transferred. 
 
 4. 
 The
 contract has commercial substance (that is, the risk, timing, or amount of the entity s future cash flows is expected to change
 as a result of the contract). 
 
 5. 
 It
 is probable that the Company will collect substantially all of the consideration to which it will be entitled in exchange for the
 goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. In evaluating whether collectability of an amount of consideration is
 probable, an entity shall consider only the customer s ability and intention to pay that amount of consideration when it is
 due. The amount of consideration to which the entity will be entitled may be less than the price stated in the contract if the consideration
 is variable because the entity may offer the customer a price concession. 

Basic
and Diluted Net Loss Per Share 

Our
computation of earnings per share EPS includes basic and diluted EPS. Basic EPS is measured as the income (loss) available
to common stockholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted income (loss) per share reflects
the potential dilution, using the treasury stock method, that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were
exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the income (loss) of the Company
as if they had been converted at the beginning of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later. In computing diluted income (loss)
per share, the treasury stock method assumes that outstanding options and warrants are exercised and the proceeds are used to purchase
common stock at the average market price during the period. Options and warrants may have a dilutive effect under the treasury stock
method only when the average market price of the common stock during the period exceeds the exercise price of the options and warrants.
Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e., those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are
excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. 

35 

Income
(loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
during the respective periods. Basic and diluted (loss) per common share is the same for periods in which the company reported an operating
loss because all warrants and stock options outstanding are anti-dilutive. There were no adjustments to net loss required for purposes
of computing diluted earnings per share. 

Comprehensive
income (loss) 

The
Company follows the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB ASC 220 Reporting Comprehensive Income
and establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances in a full set
of general purpose financial statements. The Company s comprehensive loss consists of net loss and foreign currency translation
adjustments. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , which will require the measurement
of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and
reasonable and supportable forecasts. Further, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-04, ASU 2019-05, ASU 2019-10, ASU 2019-11 and ASU 2020-02
to provide additional guidance on the credit losses standard. The amendments for ASU 2016-13 are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2022. ASU 2016-13 will be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2023. The Company is in the process of evaluating
the effect of the adoption of this ASU. 

In
February 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-02 Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (ASU 2018-02). The standard provides financial statement preparers with an option to reclassify stranded tax
effects within Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI) to retained earnings in each period in which the effect of the change in
the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (or portion thereof) is recorded. ASU 2018-02 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. 

In
December 2018, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-05, Income Taxes (Topic 740), Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant
to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118 (ASU 2018-05). The ASU adds various Securities and Exchange Commission SEC paragraphs pursuant to the issuance of the December 2017 SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, Income Tax Accounting Implications
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act SAB 118 ), which was effective immediately. The SEC issued SAB 118 to address concerns
about reporting entities ability to timely comply with the accounting requirements to recognize all of the effects of the Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act in the period of enactment. SAB 118 allows disclosure that timely determination of some or all of the income tax effects
from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act are incomplete by the due date of the financial statements and if possible to provide a reasonable estimate. 

As
of December 31, 2022, except for the above, there are no recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted that would have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

36 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

37 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6
 - F-9 

38 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To:
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of NP Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. and its subsidiary (collectively the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows
for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Emphasis
of Matter Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred
substantial losses from operating activities during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, had accumulated deficits, which raises
substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regards to this matter is described in
Note 2. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Certified
 Public Accountants 

(PCAOB
 ID: 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

April
 17, 2023 

F- 1 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (Audited) 

2022 
 2021 

As
 of 

December
 31 
 December
 31 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current
 assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 liabilities 

Customer
 advance 

Accounts
 payables 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 liabilities 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Preferred
 stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common
 stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 

Additional
 Paid in Capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

 (Audited) 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the year ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Loss
 from operation s 

Loss
 before provision for income taxes 

Interest (expense) income 

Total
 other (expense) income 

Provision
 for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 

Total
 comprehensive loss 

Basic
 and diluted loss per common share 
 - 
 - 

Weighted
 average number of common shares used in per share calculations basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

For
the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Audited) 

Number
 of Shares 
 Common 
 Additional
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Outstanding 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance
 December 31, 2020 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 December 31, 2022 

Balance

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Audited) 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 

Increase in accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in customer advance 
 
 - 
 
 Increase (decrease) in accrued liabilities 

- 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents Beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents End of period 

Interest
 paid 
 
 - 
 
 Income
 tax paid 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 
). All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. 

. The circumstances give rise to substantial doubt to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, and in order to remain solvent that the Company is dependent upon its ability to generate sufficient
revenues to operate profitably or raise additional capital through debt financing and/or through sales of common stock. 

Management plans
to fund operations of the Company through future potential offerings of the company s common stock, private placements of restricted
securities, or the issuance of stock in lieu of cash for payment of services until such a time that sustainable profitable operations
are achieved. If we do not raise all of the money we need from public and private offerings, we will have to find alternative sources,
such as loans or advances from our officers, directors or others. Such additional financing may not become available on acceptable terms
and there can be no assurance that any additional financing that the Company does obtain will be sufficient to meet its needs in the long
term. There are no written agreements in place for such funding or issuance of securities and there can be no assurance that such will
be available in the future. Management believes that this plan provides an opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. 

The
failure to achieve the necessary levels of profitability or obtain the additional funding would be detrimental to the Company. 

, thus the amount is
insured by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 

from two customers and recorded such amounts as contract liabilities under
the customer advance account. GW is expected to deliver the career planning, experience sharing and guidance services in the year 2023,
at which point those amounts will be recognized as revenues. 

Customer
 B 

Total 

Unearned revenue 

There exists a concentration of risk for
the demand of the Company s product and services, as two customers constituted a substantial portion of the Company s revenues
and related unearned revenues. which are contract liabilities. 

Denominator: 

Weighted
 average common shares outstanding 

Basic
 and diluted loss per share 
 (0.00 
 (0.00 

The
Company has no potentially dilutive securities, such as options or warrants, currently issued and outstanding. 

and . The Company has
elected to not recognize deferred tax assets resulting from the NOLs, as Management is not yet able to reliably estimate when the Company
will generate profits that would enable the Company to make use of such potential future tax benefits. Management continually assesses
it future earnings potential and related tax impacts. If circumstances change in the future that will enable Management to accurately
forecast future profits, the Company may elect to recognize such tax assets. 

F- 9 

ITEM
9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

In
accordance with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of
the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s management evaluated, with the participation of the Company s
principal executive and financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures are defined as
those controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the issuer
in the reports it files or submits under the Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in
the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated
and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, we concluded that
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective in gathering, analyzing and disclosing information needed to satisfy
the registrant s disclosure obligations under the Exchange Act. Based upon an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls
and procedures, our Company s principal executive and principal financial officer has concluded that as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) are not effective because of the material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures, which are identified
below. It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions,
regardless of how remote. 

The
material weaknesses in our disclosure control procedures are as follows: 

1.
Lack of resources provided to the accounting and reporting function under U.S. GAAP. The Company utilizes a third-party independent
contractor for the work required for preparation of its U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements. There are certain challenges faced
in providing sufficient resources in terms of time and access to allow the contractor to properly record all of the adjustments necessary
on a timely basis to conform our reporting to U.S. GAAP standards. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes: maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately
and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our
financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management
authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Company assets that could have
a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected. 

39 

As
of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on
the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based
on this evaluation under the COSO Framework, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective
as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on that evaluation, they concluded that,
as of December 31, 2022, such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of U.S. GAAP
rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal control over
financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

The
matters involving internal controls and procedures that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of
outside directors on the Company s Board of Directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of
required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient
written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of U.S. GAAP
and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned
material weaknesses were identified by the Company s Chief Financial Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements
as of December 31, 2022 and communicated to our management. 

Management
believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on the Company s financial
results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the
Company s Board of Directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures, can result in the Company s determination to its financial statements for the future years. 

We
are committed to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent
with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when
funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one or more outside directors to our Board of Directors who shall be appointed to the
audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment
and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and ii) preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists
which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of U.S. GAAP
and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management
believes that the appointment of more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the
lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition, management
believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses: (i)
insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes.
Further, management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result in proper
segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training
needed to support the Company if personnel turnover issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional
outside directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues the Company may encounter in the future. 

40 

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial
reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as
necessary and as funds allow. 

There
have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have
materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide management
report in the annual report. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

The
following table sets forth information about our executive officers and directors as of the date of this annual report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive
 Officers: 

Guidong
 Wang 
 
 43 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
 
 Huaying
 Zhu 
 
 43 
 
 Secretary 

Directors: 

Guidong
 Wang 
 
 43 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Huaying
 Zhu 
 
 43 
 
 Director 
 
 Jonathan
 Ginsberg 
 
 29 
 
 Director 

41 

Guidong
Wang 

Mr.
Guidong Wang, age 43, serves as our Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and as treasurer.
He has over eleven years experience in business management. Since August 2016, he has been serving as the Chairman of Shanghai
Aurora Information Technology Group Co., Ltd., a company based in Shanghai primarily engaged in information technology. He has also been
serving as the Dean of Beijing Qihuang Medical Research Institute, where he oversees the direction of academic research and strategic
planning. From May 2011 to August 2016, he was the general manger of Yunnan Yijiaren Trading Co., Ltd., where he oversaw the general
business strategy. Mr. Wang earned his MBA degree from Central Queensland University, Australia. 

Huaying
Zhu 

Ms.
Huaying Zhu, age 43, serves as our director and Secretary. She has over eleven years experience in marketing. Since August 2016,
she has been serving as the Vice Chairman of Shanghai Aurora Information Technology Group Co., Ltd., where she oversees the company s
marketing. She has also been serving as the Chairman of Shanghai Mosai Net Technology Co., Ltd, where she oversees the marketing of the
company. From May 2011 to August 2016, she was the general manger of Yunnan Yijiaren Trading Co., Ltd., where she oversaw the company s
marketing. Ms. Zhu earned her college degree of Business Administration from Sichuan Agricultural University. 

Jonathan
Ginsberg 

Jonathan
Ginsberg has served as director of our Company since our inception. Mr. Ginsberg has also been the Chief Operating Officer of BEEC Inc.
(Beyond Education Consulting) from 2016 until present. He obtained a Bachelor s Degree in International Relations from the Johns
Hopkins University. 

Significant
Employees 

At
the date hereof, we do not have any full time employees but we plan to hire employees in the foreseeable future as our business grows. 

We
have entered into a Business Collaboration Agreement with BEEC Inc, a Nevada corporation, whereby they will serve as our agents for the
purpose of selling and promoting our products and services. As such, they will assist us in the process of obtaining the appropriate
qualification to do business in California, to enroll students and recruit teachers, and use BEEC employees to help us with arranging
meals, accommodation, transportation and sightseeing during our international study tours. The term of the Business Collaboration Agreement
is two years, which shall automatically renew for an additional two-year period, unless earlier terminated by both parties. For their
agency services, BEEC, Inc. will receive a commission equivalent to 25 of the sales price invoiced to our customers. According to the
Business Collaboration Agreement, BEEC, Inc. shall act as our agent in the U.S. 

42 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among the directors and executive officers of the Company. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our directors, officers, and all employees. It also may be obtained free of charge by writing
to NP Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc ., Attn: President, 4125 Blackhawk Plaza Circle, Suite 166, Danville, CA 94506. 

Board
of Directors 

Our
board of directors currently consists of four members. Our bylaws permit our board of directors to establish by resolution the authorized
number of directors, and four directors are currently authorized. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Over
the past ten years, none of our directors or executive officers has been: (i) involved in any petition under Federal bankruptcy laws
or any state insolvency law; (ii) convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or
vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from (a) acting as a future s commission
merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other
person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser,
underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings
and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity, (b)
engaging in any type of business practice, or (c) engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or
commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; (iv) subject of any order,
judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting for more than 60 days the right to engage in any activity described in (iii)(a); (v) found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or
finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; (vi) found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such
civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; (vii) subject
of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of (x) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation, (y) any law or
regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or (z) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud
in connection with any business entity; or (viii) the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended
or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered
entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity
or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Except as set forth in our discussion
below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence, none of our directors, director nominees
or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates
which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

43 

Committees
of our Board of Directors 

We
presently do not have an audit committee, compensation committee or nominating committee or committee performing similar functions, as
our management believes that until this point it has been premature at the early stage of our management and business development to
form an audit, compensation or nominating committee. Until these committees are established, these decisions will continue to be made
by our Board of Directors. Although our Board of Directors has not established any minimum qualifications for director candidates, when
considering potential director candidates, our Board of Directors considers the candidate s character, judgment, skills and experience
in the context of the needs of our Company and our Board of Directors. 

Nominating
Committee. We have not established a Nominating Committee because of our limited operations; we believe that we are able to effectively
manage the issues normally considered by a Nominating Committee. 

Audit
Committee. We do not have an Audit Committee. The Company s Board performs some of the same functions of an Audit Committee,
such as: recommending a firm of independent certified public accountants to audit the financial statements; reviewing the auditors 
independence, the financial statements and their audit report; and reviewing management s administration of the system of internal
accounting controls. The Company does not currently have a written audit committee charter or similar document. 

In
the event that our common stock becomes listed on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system, we will be required to
maintain audit, compensation and nominating, and corporate governance committees. We currently have no committees. Rather, the functions
typically associated with auditing and other such committees are performed by our board of directors, which currently consists of four
members, none of whom is considered independent. 

44 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following Summary Compensation Table provides certain summary information concerning the compensation of our President and our other
two highest compensated executive officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary )(1)(2) 
 Bonus ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total Compensation ) 
 
 Guidong Wang Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Treasurer and Chairman of the Board 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Huaying Zhu Secretary and Director 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Sanjun Kuang Former Chief Executive Officer, Former President, Former Treasurer and Former Chairman of the Board 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Huawei Li Former Secretary and Director 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Meisang Hu Former Director 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

2021 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Jonathan Ginsberg Director 
 2022 
 12,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

2021 
 12,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

(1) 
 We
 have not paid our executive officers any salary compensation and we have not entered into any written employment agreement with any
 of our executive officers. 

(2) 
 In
 fiscal year 2022, we have agreed to pay the following compensation to one of our director: Jonathan Ginsberg, 12,000 1,000 per
 month). 

45 

Employment
Agreements 

We
currently have no written employment agreements with any of our named executive officers or other employees. 

Pension
Benefits 

We
currently do not maintain any pension plan or arrangement under which our named executive officers are entitled to participate or receive
post-retirement benefits. 

Non-Qualified
Deferred Compensation 

We
currently do not maintain any nonqualified, deferred compensation plans or arrangements under which our named executive officers are
entitled to participate. 

Employee
Benefit Plans 

We
currently do not maintain any employee benefit plans of any kind for our employees. 

Compensation
of Directors 

Members
of our company s directors do not receive cash compensation for service on our company s board of directors and on all committee
thereof, except for Mr. Jonathan Ginsberg who was engaged as our director since December 2018. Jonathan received 1,000 per month as
cash compensation for service on our Company s board during the fiscal year of 2022. In addition, they may be reimbursed for certain
expenses in connection with attendance at meetings of our company s board of directors and committees thereof. 

Limitation
of Liability and Indemnification Matters 

Our
articles of incorporation contain provisions that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted
by Nevada law. 

46 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws authorize our company to provide indemnification to our directors, officers, and persons who are
or were serving at our request as a director, officer, manager or trustee of another corporation or of a partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws
also authorize our company, by action of our board of directors, to provide indemnification to employees, agents of our company, and
persons who are serving or did serve at our request as an employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, limited liability
company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise with the same scope and effect as provided to our directors and officers as described
above. 

Our
company has not entered into any indemnification agreement with any of its directors or officers. 

No
pending litigation or proceeding involving a director, officer, employee or other agent of our company currently exists as to which indemnification
is being sought. We are not aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by any director, officer,
employee or other agent of our company. 

We
anticipate obtaining director and officer liability insurance with respect to possible director and officer liabilities arising out of
certain matters, including matters arising under the Securities Act. See Disclosure of SEC Position on Indemnification for Securities
Act Liabilities. 

Disclosure
of SEC Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 

Section
78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that directors and officers of Nevada corporations may, under certain circumstances,
be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees) and other liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by them as a
result of any suit brought against them in their capacity as a director or officer, if they acted in good faith and in a manner that
they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or
proceeding, if they had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes also
provides that directors and officers of a Nevada corporation also may be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys fees)
actually and reasonably incurred by them in connection with a derivative suit if they acted in good faith and in a manner that they reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification may be made without court approval
if such person was adjudged liable to the corporation. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to the directors, officers or persons controlling
the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the registrant has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange
Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

In
the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by our Company of expenses incurred or paid
by such director, officer or controlling person of our company in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted
by any director, officer or controlling person of our Company in connection with the securities being registered in the registration
statement, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by our company is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 

47 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Common Stock as of April 15 , 2023, by (i) each
person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding Common Stock; (ii) each of the persons named
in the Summary Compensation Table ; (iii) each executive officer and director of the Company, and (iv) all of the Company s executive
officers and directors as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Each stockholder s percentage of beneficial ownership as of April
15, 2022 set forth in the following table is based on 42,959,574 shares of our common stock outstanding at the date of this annual report. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the principal address of each of the stockholders below is c/o NP Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc., 4125
Blackhawk Plaza Circle, Suite 166, Danville, CA 94506. Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws,
the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock held by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Class 
 
 Guidong Wang 
 33,883,504 
 78.87 
 
 Huaying Zhu 
 3,750,045 
 8.73 
 
 Jonathan Ginsberg 
 33,333 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC that generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities
to persons who possess sole or shared voting power and/or investment power with respect to those securities. Common stock subject to
options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this annual report are deemed to be outstanding
and to be beneficially owned by the person or group holding such options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of such person or group but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person
or group. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power are exercised solely by the person named above or shared with members
of such person s household. 

Percent of class is calculated on the basis of the number of shares outstanding on the date of this annual report plus the number of
shares the person has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date of this annual report. 

48 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
have not adopted an Equity Compensation Plan. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Related
Party Transactions 

We
entered into Business Collaboration Agreement with BEEC Inc. BEEC for two years, whereby they will serve as our agents
for the purpose of selling and promoting our products and services. We also engaged BEEC to design our website and logo and register
our domain name and apply for our trademarks in the States. We have leased a section of the office space rented by BEEC located at 4125
Blackhawk Plaza Circle Suite 166, Danville, California for one year beginning on December 15, 2018 and ending on December 31, 2019 and
subject to automatic annual renewal unless terminated by either party upon advance written notice. Our director, Jonathan Ginsberg, is
Chief Operating Officer of BEEC Inc. and a minority shareholder of BEEC Capital LLC. BEEC Inc. and BEEC Capital, LLC are minority shareholders
of our Company. 

On
December 28, 2018, the Company and Jonathan Ginsberg, an individual who is director of the Company Purchaser ), entered
into a Founder s Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement ). Pursuant to the Agreement, Purchaser agreed to purchase
from the Company, and the Company agreed to sell to Purchaser, an aggregate of 33,333 shares of the Common Stock of the Company (the
 Stock at 0.003 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 100 Shares were issued on December 28, 2018. 

49 

Promoters
and Certain Control Persons 

We
don t have a promoter at any time during the past five fiscal years. 

Director
Independence 

Under
the rules of the national securities exchanges, a majority of a listed company s board of directors must be comprised of independent
directors, and each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees must be
independent as well. Under the same rules a director will only qualify as an independent director if that company s
board of directors affirmatively determines that such director has no material relationship with that company, either directly or as
a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with that company. 

In
addition, the members of that company s audit committee must satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Rule 10A-3 ). In order to be considered to be independent for purposes of Rule
10A-3, no member of the audit committee may, other than in his capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors or
any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from the company or
any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the company or any of its subsidiaries. 

None
of our current directors is considered independent. 

50 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2021 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the
financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 21,000 
 21,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Tax Fees 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 All Other Fees 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Total 
 21,000 
 21,000 

Our
Board of Directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and
approved by the Board either before or after the respective services were rendered. 

Our
Board of Directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of
services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS. 

Exhibits: 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 31 
 
 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32 
 
 Section 1350 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

51 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NP
Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc 

DATED:
 April 17, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Gudong Wang 

Guidong
 Wang 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Guidong Wang 
 
 Chairman 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Guidong
 Wang 

/s/
 Huaying Zhu 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Huaying
 Zhu 

/s/
 Jonathan Ginsberg 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Jonathan
 Ginsberg 

52 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

EXHIBIT
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 320,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 30,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value .00001 per share. 

Authorized and Issued Stock 

Number of shares at October 4, 2019 
 
 Title of Class 
 Authorized 
 Outstanding 
 Reserved 

Common stock, par value 0.0001 per share 
 320,000,000 
 42,959,574 
 -0- 

Preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share 
 30,000,000 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Common
Stock 

Dividends .
Each share of our common stock is entitled to receive an equal dividend, if one is declared. We cannot provide any assurance that we
will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future. Any future determination to declare cash dividends will be made
at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Our board of directors
may determine it to be necessary to retain future earnings (if any) to finance our growth. See Risk Factors and Dividend
Policy. 

Liquidation .
If our company is liquidated, then assets that remain (if any) after the creditors are paid and the owners of preferred stock receive
liquidation preferences (as applicable) will be distributed to the owners of our common stock pro rata . 

Voting
Rights . Each share of our common stock entitles the owner to one vote. All matters are decided by majority vote other than as required
by law and the election of directors. For example, under Nevada law, two-thirds of the voting power of our issued and outstanding stock
is required to remove a director, and 60 of the voting power of disinterested shareholders may be required in certain circumstances
to approve certain interested transactions. A plurality of votes is sufficient to elect a director at a meeting; election by written
consent to fill a vacancy, however, requires a majority vote. There is no cumulative voting. 

Preemptive
Rights . Owners of our common stock have no preemptive rights. We may sell shares of our common stock to third parties without first
offering such shares to current stockholders. 

Redemption
Rights. We do not have the right to buy back shares of our common stock except in extraordinary transactions, such as mergers and
court approved bankruptcy reorganizations. Owners of our common stock do not ordinarily have the right to require us to buy their common
stock. We do not have a sinking fund to provide assets for any buy back. 

Conversion
Rights . Shares of our common stock cannot be converted into any other kind of stock except in extraordinary transactions, such as
mergers and court approved bankruptcy reorganizations. 

Nonassessability .
All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
articles of incorporation authorize our board of directors to issue blank check preferred stock. The board of directors
may divide this preferred stock into series and establish the rights, preferences, and privileges thereof. The board of directors may,
without prior stockholder approval, issue any or all of the shares of this preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting
or other rights that could adversely affect the relative voting power or other rights of our common stock. Preferred stock could be used
as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a takeover or other change in control of our company. Issuances of preferred stock
in the future could have a dilutive effect on our common stock. 

As
of the date of this prospectus, there are no shares of our preferred stock outstanding. 

N evada
Anti-Takeover Statutes 

Nevada
law provides that an acquiring person who acquires a controlling interest in a corporation may only exercise the voting rights of control
shares if those voting rights are conferred by a majority vote of the corporation s disinterested stockholders at a special meeting
held upon the request of the acquiring person. If the acquiring person is accorded full voting rights and acquires control shares with
at least a majority of all the voting power, then stockholders who did not vote in favor of authorizing voting rights for those control
shares are entitled to payment for the fair value of such stockholders shares. A controlling interest is an interest
that is sufficient to enable the acquiring person to exercise at least one-fifth of the voting power of the corporation in the election
of directors. Control shares are outstanding voting shares that an acquiring person or associated persons acquire or offer
to acquire in an acquisition and those shares acquired during the 90-day period before the person involved became an acquiring person. 

These
provisions of Nevada law apply only to issuing corporations as defined therein. An issuing corporation is
a Nevada corporation that (a) has 200 or more stockholders, with at least 100 of such stockholders being both stockholders of record
and residents of Nevada, and (b) does business in Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. As of the date of this prospectus,
we do not have 100 stockholders of record that are residents of Nevada. Therefore, these provisions of Nevada law do not apply to acquisitions
of our shares and will not so apply until such time as both of the foregoing conditions are satisfied. At such time as these provisions
of Nevada law may apply to us, they may discourage companies or persons interested in acquiring a significant interest in or control
of our company, regardless of whether such acquisition may be in the interest of our stockholders. 

Nevada
law also restricts the ability of a corporation to engage in any combination with an interested stockholder for three years from when
the interested stockholder acquires shares that cause the stockholder to become an interested stockholder, unless the combination or
purchase of shares by the interested stockholder is approved by the board of directors before the stockholder became an interested stockholder.
If the combination was not previously approved, then the interested stockholder may only effect a combination after the three-year period
if the stockholder receives approval from a majority of the disinterested shares or the offer satisfies certain fair price criteria. 

An
 interested stockholder is a person who is: 

the
 beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation;
 or 

an
 affiliate or associate of the corporation and, at any time within three years immediately before the date in question, was the beneficial
 owner, directly or indirectly of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. 

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws do not exclude us from these restrictions. 

These
provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of the board of directors and in the
policies formulated by the board of directors and to discourage some types of transactions that may involve the actual or threatened
change of control of our company. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited proposal for the potential
restructuring or sale of all or a part of our company. However, these provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and
could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. They also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex31.htm

EXHIBIT
31 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Guidong Wang, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of NP Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Guidong Wang 

Guidong
 Wang 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm

EXHIBIT
32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of NP Life Sciences Health Industry Group Inc. (the Company for the period
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best
of my knowledge and belief: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Guidong Wang 

Guidong
 Wang 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 npls-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 npls-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 npls-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 npls-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

