<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230411_10-K_edgar_data_1599407_0001213900-23-028686.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11885665</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>709961</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2140873</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3554313</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2638342</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2483426</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-028686.hdr.sgml : 20230411
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230411063209
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-028686
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230411
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230411

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			1847 Holdings LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001599407
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				383922937
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41368
		FILM NUMBER:		23812328

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-521-4052

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		21ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-028686.txt : 20230411

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_1847hold.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
_____________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s common shares
held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing price of such shares as reported on OTCQB Market) was approximately million. Shares
held by each executive officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common shares have been excluded
from the calculation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is
not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As of April 10, 2023, there were a total of 
common shares of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s definitive
proxy statement relating to its 2023 annual meeting of shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K where indicated. The registrant s definitive proxy statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

1847 Holdings LLC 

Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 42 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 86 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 86 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 87 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 87 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 88 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 89 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 90 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 
 107 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 
 107 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 107 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 107 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 108 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections 
 108 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 
 109 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 109 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 109 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 
 109 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 109 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 110 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 115 

i 

INTRODUCTORY NOTES 

Use of Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context and
for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to we, us, our and our
company are to 1847 Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its consolidated subsidiaries, and references to our
manager are to 1847 Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains forward-looking statements
that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us. All statements other than
statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or to our future financial performance
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our ability to effectively integrate and operate the businesses that we acquire; 

our ability to successfully identify and acquire additional businesses; 

our organizational structure, which may limit our ability to meet our dividend and distribution policy; 

our ability to service and comply with the terms of indebtedness; 

our cash flow available for distribution and our ability to make distributions to our common shareholders; 

our ability to pay the management fee, profit allocation and put price to our manager when due; 

labor disputes, strikes or other employee disputes or grievances; 

the regulatory environment in which our businesses operate under; 

trends in the industries in which our businesses operate; 

the competitive environment in which our businesses operate; 

changes in general economic or business conditions or economic or demographic trends in the United States
including changes in interest rates and inflation; 

our and our manager s ability to retain or replace qualified employees of our businesses and our
manager; 

casualties, condemnation or catastrophic failures with respect to any of our business facilities; 

costs and effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims; and 

extraordinary or force majeure events affecting the business or operations of our businesses. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as may, could, will, should, would, expect, 
 plan, intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, 
 potential, project or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
These statements are only predictions. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because they involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect results.
Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under Item
1A Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur, or if our underlying
assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking
statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. 

In addition, statements that we believe 
and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available
to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information
may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or
review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to
unduly rely upon these statements. 

The forward-looking statements made in this report
relate only to events or information as of the date on which the statements are made in this report. Except as expressly required by the
federal securities laws, there is no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

OUR BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are an acquisition holding company focused
on acquiring and managing a group of small businesses, which we characterize as those that have an enterprise value of less than 50 million,
in a variety of different industries headquartered in North America. 

On May 28, 2020, our subsidiary 1847 Asien Inc.,
or 1847 Asien, acquired Asien s Appliance, Inc., a California corporation, or Asien s. Asien s has been in business
since 1948 serving the North Bay area of Sonoma County, California. It provides a wide variety of appliance services, including sales,
delivery/installation, in-home service and repair, extended warranties, and financing. Its main focus is delivering personal sales and
exceptional service to its customers at competitive prices. 

On September 30, 2020, our subsidiary 1847 Cabinet
Inc., or 1847 Cabinet, acquired Kyle s Custom Wood Shop, Inc., an Idaho corporation, or Kyle s. Kyle s is a leading
custom cabinetry maker servicing contractors and homeowners since 1976 in Boise, Idaho and the surrounding area. Kyle s focuses
on designing, building, and installing custom cabinetry primarily for custom and semi-custom builders. 

On March 30, 2021, our subsidiary 1847 Wolo Inc.,
or 1847 Wolo, acquired Wolo Mfg. Corp., a New York corporation, and Wolo Industrial Horn Signal, Inc., a New York corporation (which
we collectively refer to as Wolo). Headquartered in Deer Park, New York and founded in 1965, Wolo designs and sells horn and safety products
(electric, air, truck, marine, motorcycle and industrial equipment), and offers vehicle emergency and safety warning lights for cars,
trucks, industrial equipment and emergency vehicles. 

On October 8, 2021, our subsidiary 1847 Cabinet
acquired High Mountain Door Trim Inc., a Nevada corporation, or High Mountain, and Sierra Homes, LLC d/b/a Innovative Cabinets 
Design, a Nevada limited liability company, or Innovative Cabinets. Headquartered in Reno, Nevada and founded in 2014, High Mountain specializes
in all aspects of finished carpentry products and services, including doors, door frames, base boards, crown molding, cabinetry, bathroom
sinks and cabinets, bookcases, built-in closets, and fireplace mantles, among others, working primarily with large homebuilders of single-family
homes and commercial and multi-family developers. Innovative Cabinets is headquartered in Reno, Nevada and was founded in 2008. It specializes
in custom cabinetry and countertops for a client base consisting of single-family homeowners, builders of multi-family homes, as well
as commercial clients. 

On February 9, 2023, our subsidiary, 1847 ICU
Holdings Inc., or 1847 ICU, acquired ICU Eyewear Holdings, Inc., a California corporation, and its subsidiary ICU Eyewear, Inc., a California
corporation, which we collectively refer to as ICU Eyewear. Headquartered in Hollister, California and founded in 1956, ICU Eyewear specializes
in the sale and distribution of reading eyewear and sunglasses, blue light blocking eyewear, sun readers, and other outdoor specialty
sunglasses, as well as select health and personal care items, including face masks. 

Through our structure, we offer investors an opportunity
to participate in the ownership and growth of a portfolio of businesses that traditionally have been owned and managed by private equity
firms, private individuals or families, financial institutions or large conglomerates. We believe that our management and acquisition
strategies will allow us to achieve our goals to make and grow regular distributions to our common shareholders and increasing common
shareholder value over time. 

We seek to acquire controlling interests in small
businesses that we believe operate in industries with long-term macroeconomic growth opportunities, and that have positive and stable
earnings and cash flows, face minimal threats of technological or competitive obsolescence and have strong management teams largely in
place. We believe that private company operators and corporate parents looking to sell their businesses will consider us to be an attractive
purchaser of their businesses. We make these businesses our majority-owned subsidiaries and actively manage and grow such businesses.
We expect to improve our businesses over the long term through organic growth opportunities, add-on acquisitions and operational improvements. 

1 

Our Market Opportunity 

We acquire and manage small businesses, which
we characterize as those that have an enterprise value of less than 50 million. We believe that the merger and acquisition market for
small businesses is highly fragmented and provides significant opportunities to purchase businesses at attractive prices. For example,
according to GF Data, platform acquisitions with enterprise values greater than 50.0 million commanded valuation premiums 30 higher
than platform acquisitions with enterprise values less than 50.0 million (8.2x trailing twelve month adjusted EBITDA (Earnings Before
Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization) versus 6.3x trailing twelve month adjusted EBITDA, respectively). 

We believe that the following factors contribute
to lower acquisition multiples for small businesses: 

there are typically fewer potential acquirers for these businesses; 

third-party financing generally is less available for these acquisitions; 

sellers of these businesses may consider non-economic factors, such as continuing board membership or
the effect of the sale on their employees; and 

these businesses are generally less frequently sold pursuant to an auction process. 

We believe that our management team s strong
relationships with business brokers, investment and commercial bankers, accountants, attorneys and other potential sources of acquisition
opportunities offers us substantial opportunities to purchase small businesses. See Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance for more information about our management team. 

We also believe that significant opportunities
exist to improve the performance of the businesses upon their acquisition. In the past, our manager has acquired businesses that are often
formerly owned by seasoned entrepreneurs or large corporate parents. In these cases, our manager has frequently found that there have
been opportunities to further build upon the management teams of acquired businesses. In addition, our manager has frequently found that
financial reporting and management information systems of acquired businesses may be improved, both of which can lead to substantial improvements
in earnings and cash flow. Finally, because these businesses tend to be too small to have their own corporate development efforts, we
believe opportunities exist to assist these businesses in meaningful ways as they pursue organic or external growth strategies that were
often not pursued by their previous owners. 

Our Strategy 

Our long-term goals are to make and grow regular
distributions to our common shareholders and to increase common shareholder value over the long-term. We plan to continue focusing on
acquiring businesses. Therefore, we intend to continue to identify, perform due diligence on, negotiate and consummate platform acquisitions
of small businesses in attractive industry sectors. 

Unlike buyers of small businesses that rely on
significant leverage to consummate acquisitions (as demonstrated by the data presented by total enterprise value, or TEV, below), we plan
to limit the use of third-party (i.e., external) acquisition leverage so that our debt will not exceed the market value of the assets
we acquire and so that our debt to EBITDA ratio will not exceed 1.25x to 1 for our operating subsidiaries. We believe that limiting leverage
in this manner will avoid the imposition on stringent lender controls on our operations that would otherwise potentially hamper the growth
of our operating subsidiaries and otherwise harm our business even during times when we have positive operating cash flows. Additionally,
in our experience, leverage rarely leads to break-out returns and often creates negative return outcomes that are not correlated
with the profitability of the business. 

2 

Source: GF Data 

Source: GF Data 

Management Strategy 

Our management strategy involves the identification,
performance of due diligence, negotiation and consummation of acquisitions. After acquiring businesses, we attempt to grow the businesses
both organically and through add-on or bolt-on acquisitions. Add-on or bolt-on acquisitions are acquisitions by a company of other companies
in the same industry. Following the acquisition of companies, we seek to grow the earnings and cash flow of acquired companies and, in
turn, grow regular distributions to our common shareholders and to increase common shareholder value over time. We believe we can increase
the cash flows of our businesses by applying our intellectual capital to improve and grow our businesses. 

We seek to acquire and manage small businesses.
We believe that the merger and acquisition market for small businesses is highly fragmented and provides opportunities to purchase businesses
at attractive prices. We believe we will be able to acquire small businesses for multiples ranging from three to six times EBITDA. We
also believe, and our manager has historically found, that significant opportunities exist to improve the performance of these businesses
upon their acquisition. 

In general, our manager oversees and supports
the management team of our businesses by, among other things: 

recruiting and retaining managers to operate our businesses by using structured incentive compensation
programs, including minority equity ownership, tailored to each business; 

regularly monitoring financial and operational performance, instilling consistent financial discipline,
and supporting management in the development and implementation of information systems; 

3 

assisting the management teams of our businesses in their analysis and pursuit of prudent organic growth
strategies; 

identifying and working with business management teams to execute on attractive external growth and acquisition
opportunities; 

identifying and executing operational improvements and integration opportunities that will lead to lower
operating costs and operational optimization; 

providing the management teams of our businesses the opportunity to leverage our experience and expertise
to develop and implement business and operational strategies; and 

forming strong subsidiary level boards of directors to supplement management teams in their development
and implementation of strategic goals and objectives. 

We also believe that our long-term perspective
provides us with certain additional advantages, including the ability to: 

recruit and develop management teams for our businesses that are familiar with the industries in which
our businesses operate; 

focus on developing and implementing business and operational strategies to build and sustain shareholder
value over the long term; 

create sector-specific businesses enabling us to take advantage of vertical and horizontal acquisition
opportunities within a given sector; 

achieve exposure in certain industries in order to create opportunities for future acquisitions; and 

develop and maintain long-term collaborative relationships with customers and suppliers. 

We intend to continually increase our intellectual
capital as we operate our businesses and acquire new businesses and as our manager identifies and recruits qualified operating partners
and managers for our businesses. 

Acquisition Strategy 

Our acquisition strategies involve the acquisition
of small businesses in various industries that we expect will produce positive and stable earnings and cash flow, as well as achieve attractive
returns on our invested capital. In this respect, we expect to make acquisitions in industries wherein we believe an acquisition presents
an attractive opportunity from the perspective of both (i) return on assets or equity and (ii) an easily identifiable path for growing
the acquired businesses. We believe that attractive opportunities will increasingly present themselves as private sector owners seek to
monetize their interests in longstanding and privately held businesses and large corporate parents seek to dispose of their non-core 
operations. 

We believe that the greatest opportunities for
generating consistently positive annual returns and, ultimately, residual returns on capital invested in acquisitions will result from
targeting capital light businesses operating in niche geographical markets with a clearly identifiable competitive advantage within the
following industries: business services, consumer services, consumer products, consumable industrial products, industrial services, niche
light manufacturing, distribution, alternative/specialty finance and in select cases, specialty retail. While we believe that the professional
experience of our management team within the industries identified above will offer the greatest number of acquisition opportunities,
we will not eschew opportunities if a business enjoys an inarguable moat around its products and services in an industry which our management
team may have less familiarity. 

From a financial perspective, we expect to make
acquisitions of small businesses that are stable, have minimal bad debt, and strong accounts receivable. In addition, we expect to acquire
companies that have been able to generate positive pro forma cash available for distribution for a minimum of three years prior to acquisition.
Our previous acquisitions met these acquisition criteria. 

4 

We benefit from our manager s ability to
identify diverse acquisition opportunities in a variety of industries. In addition, we rely upon our management teams experience
and expertise in researching and valuing prospective target businesses, as well as negotiating the ultimate acquisition of such target
businesses. In particular, because there may be a lack of information available about these target businesses, which may make it more
difficult to understand or appropriately value such target businesses, our manager will: 

engage in a substantial level of internal and third-party due diligence; 

critically evaluate the management team; 

identify and assess any financial and operational strengths and weaknesses of any target business; 

analyze comparable businesses to assess financial and operational performances relative to industry competitors; 

actively research and evaluate information on the relevant industry; and 

thoroughly negotiate appropriate terms and conditions of any acquisition. 

The process of acquiring new businesses is time-consuming
and complex. Our manager has historically taken from 2 to 24 months to perform due diligence on, negotiate and close acquisitions. Although
we expect our manager to be at various stages of evaluating several transactions at any given time, there may be significant periods of
time during which it does not recommend any new acquisitions to us. 

Upon an acquisition of a new business, we rely
on our manager s experience and expertise to work efficiently and effectively with the management of the new business to jointly
develop and execute a business plan. 

While primarily seek to acquire controlling interests
in a business, we may also acquire non-control or minority equity positions in businesses where we believe it is consistent with our long-term
strategy. 

As discussed in more detail below, we intend to
raise capital for additional acquisitions primarily through debt financing, primarily at our operating company level, additional equity
offerings by our company, the sale of all or a part of our businesses or by undertaking a combination of any of the above. 

Our primary corporate purpose is to own, operate
and grow our operating businesses. However, in addition to acquiring businesses, we expect to sell businesses that we own from time
to time. Our decision to sell a business will be based upon financial, operating and other considerations rather than a plan to complete
a sale of a business within any specific time frame. We may also decide to own and operate some or all of our businesses in perpetuity
if our board believes that it makes sense to do so. Upon the sale of a business, we may use the resulting proceeds to retire debt or retain
proceeds for future acquisitions or general corporate purposes. Generally, we do not expect to make special distributions at the time
of a sale of one of our businesses; instead, we expect that we will seek to gradually increase regular common shareholder distributions
over time. 

There are several risks associated with our acquisition
strategy, including the following risks, which are described more fully in Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business
and Structure : 

we may not be able to successfully fund future acquisitions of new businesses due to the unavailability
of debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, which could impede the implementation of our acquisition strategy; 

we may experience difficulty as we evaluate, acquire and integrate businesses that we may acquire, which
could result in drains on our resources, including the attention of our management, and disruptions of our on-going business; 

we face competition for businesses that fit our acquisition strategy and, therefore, we may have to acquire
targets at sub-optimal prices or, alternatively, forego certain acquisition opportunities; and 

we may change our management and acquisition strategies without the consent of our shareholders, which
may result in a determination by us to pursue riskier business activities. 

5 

Strategic Advantages 

Based on the experience of our manager and its
ability to identify and negotiate acquisitions, we believe that we are strongly positioned to acquire additional businesses. Our manager
has strong relationships with business brokers, investment and commercial bankers, accountants, attorneys and other potential sources
of acquisition opportunities. In negotiating these acquisitions, we believe our manager will be able to successfully navigate complex
situations surrounding acquisitions, including corporate spin-offs, transitions of family-owned businesses, management buy-outs and reorganizations. 

We believe that the flexibility, creativity, experience
and expertise of our manager in structuring transactions provides us with strategic advantages by allowing us to consider non-traditional
and complex transactions tailored to fit a specific acquisition target. 

Our manager also has a large network of deal intermediaries
who expose us to potential acquisitions. Through this network, we have a substantial pipeline of potential acquisition targets. Our manager
also has a well-established network of contacts, including professional managers, attorneys, accountants and other third-party consultants
and advisors, who may be available to assist us in the performance of due diligence and the negotiation of acquisitions, as well as the
management and operation of our businesses once acquired. 

Valuation and Due Diligence 

When evaluating businesses or assets for acquisition,
we perform a rigorous due diligence and financial evaluation process. In doing so, we seek to evaluate the operations of the target business
as well as the outlook for the industry in which the target business operates. While valuation of a business is, by definition, a subjective
process, we define valuations under a variety of analyses, including: 

discounted cash flow analyses; 

evaluation of trading values of comparable companies; 

expected value matrices; 

assessment of competitor, supplier and customer environments; and 

examination of recent/precedent transactions. 

One outcome of this process is an effort to project
the expected cash flows from the target business as accurately as possible. A further outcome is an understanding of the types and levels
of risk associated with those projections. While future performance and projections are always uncertain, we believe that our detailed
due diligence review process allows us to more accurately estimate future cash flows and more effectively evaluate the prospects for operating
the business in the future. To assist us in identifying material risks and validating key assumptions in our financial and operational
analysis, in addition to our own analysis, we engage third-party experts to review key risk areas, including legal, tax, regulatory, accounting,
insurance and environmental. We may also engage technical, operational or industry consultants, as necessary. 

A further critical component of the evaluation
of potential target businesses is the assessment of the capability of the existing management team, including recent performance, expertise,
experience, culture and incentives to perform. Where necessary, and consistent with our management strategy, we actively seek to augment,
supplement or replace existing members of management who we believe are not likely to execute the business plan for the target business.
Similarly, we analyze and evaluate the financial and operational information systems of target businesses and, where necessary, we actively
seek to enhance and improve those existing systems that are deemed to be inadequate or insufficient to support our business plan for the
target business. 

Financing 

We finance acquisitions primarily through additional
equity and debt financings. We believe that having the ability to finance most, if not all, acquisitions with the general capital resources
raised by our company, rather than financing relating to the acquisition of individual businesses, provides us with an advantage in acquiring
attractive businesses by minimizing delay and closing conditions that are often related to acquisition-specific financings. In this respect,
we believe that, at some point in the future, we may need to pursue additional debt or equity financings, or offer equity in our company
or target businesses to the sellers of such target businesses, in order to fund acquisitions. 

6 

Our Competitive Advantages 

We believe that our manager s collective
investment experience and approach to executing our investment strategy provide us with several competitive advantages. These competitive
advantages, certain of which are discussed below, have enabled our management to generate very attractive risk- adjusted returns for investors
in their predecessor firms. 

Robust Network .
Through their activities with their predecessor firms and their comprehensive marketing capabilities, we believe that the management team
of our manager has established a top of mind position among investment bankers and business brokers targeting small businesses.
By employing an institutionalized, multi-platform marketing strategy, we believe our manager has established a robust national network
of personal relationships with intermediaries, seasoned operating executives, entrepreneurs and managers, thereby firmly establishing
our presence and credibility in the small business market. In contrast to many other buyers of and investors in small businesses, we believe
that we can buy businesses at value-oriented multiples and through our asset management activities with a group of professional, experienced
and talented operating partners, create appreciable value. We believe our experience, track record and consistent execution of our marketing
and investment activities will allow us to maintain a leadership position as the preferred partner for today s small business market. 

Disciplined Deal Sourcing .
We employ an institutionalized, multi-platform approach to sourcing new acquisition opportunities. Our deal sourcing efforts include leveraging
relationships with more than 3,000 qualified deal sources through regular calling, mail and e-mail campaigns, assignment of regional marketing
responsibilities, in-person visits and high-profile sponsorship of important conferences and industry events. We supplement these activities
by retaining selected intermediary firms to conduct targeted searches for opportunities in specific categories on an opportunistic basis.
As a result of the significant time and effort spent on these activities, we believe we established close relationships and unique top
of mind awareness with many of the most productive intermediary sources for small business acquisition opportunities in the United
States. While reinforcing our market leadership, this capability enables us to generate a large number of attractive acquisition opportunities. 

Differentiated Acquisition
Capabilities in the Small Business Market . We deploy a differentiated approach to acquiring businesses in the small business market.
Our management concentrates their efforts on mature companies with sustainable value propositions, which can be supported by our resources
and institutional expertise. Our evaluation of acquisition opportunities typically involves significant input from a seasoned operating
partner with relevant experience, which we believe enhances both our diligence and ongoing monitoring capabilities. In addition, we approach
every acquisition opportunity with creative structures, which we believe enables us to engineer mutually attractive scenarios for sellers,
whereas competing buyers may be limited by their rigid structural requirements. We believe our commitment to conservative capital structures
and valuation will enhance each acquired operating subsidiary s ability to deliver consistent levels of cash available for distribution,
while additionally supporting reinvestment for growth. 

Value Proposition for
Business Owners . We employ a creative, flexible approach by tailoring each acquisition structure to meet the specific liquidity
needs and certain qualitative objectives of the target s owners and management team. In addition to serving as an exit pathway for
sellers, we seek to align our interests with the sellers by enabling them to retain and/or earn (through incentive compensation) a substantial
economic interest in their businesses following the acquisition and by typically allowing the incumbent management team to retain operating
control of the acquired operating subsidiary on a day-to-day basis. We believe that our company is an appealing buyer for small business
owners and managers due to our track record of capitalizing portfolio companies conservatively, enhancing our ability to execute on its
strategic initiatives and adding equity value. As a result, we believe business owners and managers will find our company to be a dynamic,
value-added buyer that brings considerable resources to achieve their strategic, capital and operating needs, resulting in substantial
value creation for the operating subsidiary. 

Operating Partner .
Our manager has consistently worked with a strong network of seasoned operating partners - former entrepreneurs and executives with extensive
experience building, managing and optimizing successful small businesses across a range of industries. We believe that our operating partner
model will enable us to make a significant improvement in the operating subsidiary, as compared to other buyers, such as traditional private
equity firms, which rely principally upon investment professionals to make acquisition/investment and monitoring decisions regarding not
only the business, financial and legal due diligence aspects of a business but also the more operational aspects including industry dynamics,
management strength and strategic growth initiatives. We typically engage an operating partner soon after identifying a target business
for acquisition, enhancing our acquisition judgment and building the acquisition team s relationship with the subsidiary s
management team. Operating partners usually serve as a member of the board of directors of an operating subsidiary and spend two to four
days per month working with the subsidiary s management team. We leverage the operating partner s extensive experience to
build the management team, improve operations and assist with strategic growth initiatives, resulting in value creation. 

7 

Small Business Market
Experience . We believe the history and experience of our manager s partnering with companies in the small business market
allows us to identify highly attractive acquisition opportunities and add significant value to our operating subsidiaries. Our manager s
investment experience in the small business market prior to forming our company has further contributed to our institutional expertise
in the acquisition, strategic and operational decisions critical to the long-term success of small businesses. Since 2000, the management
team of our manager has collectively been presented with several thousand investment opportunities and actively worked with more than
30 small businesses on all facets of their strategy, development and operations, which we have successfully translated into unique, institutionalized
capabilities directed towards creating value in small businesses. 

Intellectual Property 

Our manager owns certain intellectual property
relating to the term 1847. Our manager has granted our company a license to use the term 1847 in its business. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, our company had six full-time
employees (excluding our operating subsidiaries described below). 

OUR CORPORATE STRUCTURE AND HISTORY 

Our company is a Delaware limited liability company
that was formed on January 22, 2013. Your rights as a holder of common shares, and the fiduciary duties of our board of directors and
executive officers, and any limitations relating thereto, are set forth in the operating agreement governing our company and differ from
those applying to a Delaware corporation. However, subject to certain exceptions, the documents governing our company specify that the
duties of our directors and officers will be generally consistent with the duties of directors and officers of a Delaware corporation. 

Our company is classified as a partnership for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the partnership income tax provisions, our company is not expected to incur any U.S. federal income
tax liability; rather, each of our shareholders will be required to take into account his or her allocable share of company income, gain,
loss, deduction and credit. As a holder of our shares, you may not receive cash distributions sufficient in amount to cover taxes in respect
of your allocable share of our net taxable income. We will file a partnership return with the IRS and will issue you with tax information,
including a Schedule K-1, setting forth your allocable share of our income, gain, loss, deduction, credit and other items. The U.S. federal
income tax rules that apply to partnerships are complex, and complying with the reporting requirements may require significant time and
expense. See Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations included in our prospectus, dated August 2, 2022 and
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on August 4, 2022, for more information. 

We currently have four classes of limited liability
company interests - the common shares, the series A senior convertible preferred shares, the series B senior convertible preferred shares
and the allocation shares. All of our allocation shares have been and will continue to be held by our manager. 

On March 3, 2017, our newly formed wholly-owned
subsidiary 1847 Neese Inc., or 1847 Neese, acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Neese, Inc., or Neese, for an aggregate
purchase price of 6,655,000. On April 19, 2021, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with the original owners of Neese, pursuant
to which they purchased our 55 ownership interest in 1847 Neese for a purchase price of 325,000 in cash. As a result of this transaction,
1847 Neese is no longer a subsidiary of our company. 

On April 5, 2019, our newly formed indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary 1847 Goedeker Inc., or 1847 Goedeker, acquired substantially all of the assets of Goedeker Television Co. for an aggregate
purchase price of 6,200,000. On October 23, 2020, we distributed all of the shares of 1847 Goedeker that we held to our shareholders.
As a result of this distribution, 1847 Goedeker is no longer a subsidiary of our company. 

On May 28, 2020, our newly formed wholly-owned
subsidiary 1847 Asien acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Asien s for an aggregate purchase price of 1,918,000
consisting of: (i) 233,000 in cash; (ii) the issuance of an amortizing promissory note in the principal amount of 200,000; (iii) the
issuance of a demand promissory note in the principal amount of 655,000; and (iv) 103,750 common shares of our company, having a mutually
agreed upon value of 830,000 and a fair value of 1,037,500, which could be repurchased by 1847 Asien for a period of one year following
the closing at a purchase price of 2.50 per share. The shares were repurchased by 1847 Asien on July 29, 2020. As a result of this transaction,
we own 95 of 1847 Asien, with the remaining 5 held by Leonite Capital LLC, or Leonite, and 1847 Asien owns 100 of Asien s. 1847
Asien was formed in the State of Delaware on March 24, 2020 and Asien s was formed in the State of California on February 6, 2004. 

On September 30, 2020, our newly formed wholly-owned
subsidiary 1847 Cabinet acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Kyle s for an aggregate purchase price of up
to 6,839,792, consisting of (i) 4,389,792 in cash, (ii) an 8 contingent subordinated note in the aggregate principal amount of up to
 1,260,000, and (iii) 175,000 common shares of our company, having a mutually agreed upon value of 1,400,000 and a fair value of 3,675,000.
As a result of this transaction, we own 92.5 of 1847 Cabinet, with the remaining 7.5 held by Leonite, and 1847 Cabinet owns 100 of
Kyle s. 1847 Cabinet was formed in the State of Delaware on August 21, 2020 and Kyle s was formed in the State of Idaho on
May 7, 1991. 

8 

On March 30, 2021, our newly formed wholly-owned subsidiary 1847 Wolo
acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Wolo for an aggregate purchase price of 8,344,055, consisting of (i) 6,550,000
in cash, (ii) a 6 secured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 850,000 and (iii) cash paid to seller, net of working
capital adjustment, of 944,056. As a result of this transaction, we own 92.5 of 1847 Wolo, with the remaining 7.5 held by Leonite,
and 1847 Wolo owns 100 of Wolo Mfg. Corp and Wolo Industrial Horn Signal, Inc. 1847 Wolo was formed in the State of Delaware on
December 3, 2020. Wolo Mfg. Corp. was formed in the State of New York on August 6, 1965 and Wolo Industrial Horn Signal, Inc. was
formed in the State of New York on January 28, 1999. 

On October 8, 2021, 1847 Cabinet acquired all
of the issued and outstanding capital stock or other equity securities of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets for an aggregate purchase
price of 15,441,173 (subject to adjustment), consisting of (i) 10,687,500 in cash and (ii) the issuance by 1847 Cabinet of 6 subordinated
convertible promissory notes in the amount of 4,753,673, consisting of an aggregate principal amount of 5,880,345, net of debt discount
of 1,126,672. As a result of this transaction, 1847 Cabinet acquired 92.5 of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets, with the remaining
7.5 held by Leonite. On April 1, 2022, 1847 Cabinet transferred all of its shares of High Mountain to Innovative Cabinets, as a result
of which Innovative Cabinets now owns 92.5 of High Mountain, with the remaining 7.5 held by Leonite. High Mountain was formed in the
State of Nevada on April 4, 2014 and Innovative Cabinets was formed in the State of Nevada on June 17, 2008. 

On February 9, 2023, our newly formed wholly-owned
subsidiary 1847 ICU acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of ICU Eyewear for an aggregate purchase price of 4,500,000,
consisting of (i) 4,000,000 in cash, minus any unpaid debt of ICU Eyewear and certain transaction expenses, and (ii) the issuance of 6 
subordinated non-convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 500,000. As a result of this transaction, we own 100 
of 1847 ICU, and 1847 ICU owns 100 of ICU Eyewear Holdings, Inc., which in turn owns 100 of ICU Eyewear, Inc. ICU Eyewear Holdings,
Inc. was formed in the State of California on October 20, 2003, and ICU Eyewear, Inc. was formed in the State of California on September
5, 1956. 

On May 14, 2021, we formed 1847 HQ Inc. as
a wholly-owned subsidiary in the State of Delaware to manage our benefit plans. 

The following chart depicts our current organizational structure: 

See Our Manager for
more details regarding the ownership of our manager. 

9 

OUR MANAGER 

Overview of Our Manager 

Our manager, 1847 Partners LLC, is a Delaware
limited liability company. It has two classes of limited liability interests known as Class A interests and Class B interests. The Class
A interests, which give the holder the right to the profit allocation received by our manager as a result of holding our allocation shares,
are owned in their entirety by 1847 Partners Class A Member LLC; and the Class B interests, which give the holder the right to all other
profits or losses of our manager, including the management fee payable to our manager by us, are owned in their entirety by 1847 Partners
Class B Member LLC. 1847 Partners Class A Member LLC is owned 52 by Ellery W. Roberts, our Chief Executive Officer, 38 by 1847 Founders
Capital LLC, which is owned by Edward J. Tobin, and approximately 9 by Louis A. Bevilacqua, the managing member of Bevilacqua PLLC, our
outside counsel, with the balance being owned by a former contractor to such law firm. 1847 Partners Class B Member LLC is owned 54 by
Ellery W. Roberts, 36 by 1847 Founders Capital LLC and 10 by Louis A. Bevilacqua. Mr. Roberts is also the sole manager of both entities.
In the future, Mr. Roberts may cause 1847 Partners Class A Member LLC or 1847 Partners Class B Member LLC to issue units to employees
of our manager to incentivize those employees by providing them with the ability to participate in our manager s incentive allocation
and management fee. 

Key Personnel of Our Manager 

The key personnel of our manager are Ellery W.
Roberts, our Chief Executive Officer, and Edward J. Tobin. Each of these individuals will be compensated entirely by our manager from
the management fees it receives. As employees of our manager, these individuals devote a substantial majority of their time to the affairs
of our company. 

Collectively, the management team of our manager
has more than 60 years of combined experience in acquiring and managing small businesses and has overseen the acquisitions and financing
of over 50 businesses. 

Acquisition and Disposition Opportunities 

Our manager has exclusive responsibility for reviewing
and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to acquisition and disposition opportunities. If our manager does not
originate an opportunity, our board of directors will seek a recommendation from our manager prior to making a decision concerning such
opportunity. In the case of any acquisition or disposition opportunity that involves an affiliate of our manager or us, our nominating
and corporate governance committee, or, if we do not have such a committee, the independent members of our board of directors, will be
required to authorize and approve such transaction. 

Our manager will review each acquisition or disposition
opportunity presented to our manager to determine if such opportunity satisfies the acquisition and disposition criteria established by
our board of directors. The acquisition and disposition criteria provide that our manager will review each acquisition opportunity presented
to it to determine if such opportunity satisfies our acquisition and disposition criteria, and if it is determined, in our manager s
sole discretion, that an opportunity satisfies the criteria, our manager will refer the opportunity to our board of directors for its
authorization and approval prior to the consummation of any such opportunity. 

10 

Our investment criteria include the following: 

Revenue of at least 5.0 million 

Current year EBITDA/Pre-tax Income of at least 1.5 million with a history of positive cash flow 

Clearly identifiable blueprint for growth with the potential for break-out returns 

Well-positioned companies within our core industry categories (consumer-driven, business-to-business,
light manufacturing and specialty finance) with strong returns on capital 

Opportunities wherein building management team, infrastructure and access to capital are the primary drivers
of creating value 

Headquartered in North America 

We believe we will be able to acquire small businesses
for multiples ranging from three to six times EBITDA. With respect to investment opportunities that do not fall within the criteria set
forth above, our manager must first present such opportunities to our board of directors. Our board of directors and our manager will
review these criteria from time to time and our board of directors may make changes and modifications to such criteria as we make additional
acquisitions and dispositions. 

If an acquisition opportunity is referred to our
board of directors by our manager and our board of directors determines not to timely pursue such opportunity in whole or in part, any
part of such opportunity that we do not promptly pursue may be pursued by our manager or may be referred by our manager to any person,
including affiliates of our manager. In this case, our manager is likely to devote a portion of its time to the oversight of this opportunity,
including the management of a business that we do not own. 

If there is a disposition, our manager must use
its commercially reasonable efforts to manage a process through which the value of such disposition can be maximized, taking into consideration
non-financial factors such as those relating to competition, strategic partnerships, potential favorable or adverse effects on us, our
businesses, or our investments or any similar factors that may reasonably perceived as having a short- or long-term impact on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Management Services Agreement 

The management services agreement sets forth the
services performed by our manager. Our manager performs such services subject to the oversight and supervision of our board of directors. 

In general, our manager performs those services
for us that would be typically performed by the executive officers of a company. Specifically, our manager performs the following services,
which we refer to as the management services, pursuant to the management services agreement: 

manage our day-to-day business and operations, including our liquidity and capital resources and compliance
with applicable law; 

11 

identify, evaluate, manage, perform due diligence on, negotiate and oversee acquisitions of target businesses
and any other investments; 

evaluate and oversee the financial and operational performance of our businesses, including monitoring
the business and operations of such businesses, and the financial performance of any other investments that we make; 

provide, on our behalf, managerial assistance to our businesses; 

evaluate, manage, negotiate and oversee dispositions of all or any part of any of our property, assets
or investments, including disposition of all or any part of our businesses; 

provide or second, as necessary, employees of our manager to serve as our executive officers or other
employees or as members of our board of directors; and 

perform any other services that would be customarily performed by executive officers and employees of
a publicly listed or quoted company. 

We and our manager have the right at any time
during the term of the management services agreement to change the services provided by our manager. In performing management services,
our manager has all necessary power and authority to perform, or cause to be performed, such services on our behalf, and, in this respect,
our manager is the only provider of management services to us. Nonetheless, our manager is required to obtain authorization and approval
of our board of directors in all circumstances where executive officers of a corporation typically would be required to obtain authorization
and approval of a corporation s board of directors, including, for example, with respect to the consummation of an acquisition of
a target business, the issuance of securities or the entry into credit arrangements. 

While our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ellery
W. Roberts, intends to devote substantially all of his time to the affairs of our company, neither Mr. Roberts, nor our manager, is expressly
prohibited from investing in or managing other entities. In this regard, the management services agreement does not require our manager
and its affiliates to provide management services to us exclusively. 

Secondment of Our Executive Officers 

In accordance with the terms of the management
services agreement, our manager may second to us our executive officers, which means that these individuals will be assigned by our manager
to work for us during the term of the management services agreement. Our board of directors has appointed Mr. Roberts as an executive
officer of our company. Although Mr. Roberts is an employee of our manager, he will report directly, and be subject, to our board of directors.
In this respect, our board of directors may, after due consultation with our manager, at any time request that our manager replace any
individual seconded to us and our manager will, as promptly as practicable, replace any such individual; however, our Chief Executive
Officer, Mr. Roberts, controls our manager, which may make it difficult for our board of directors to completely sever ties with Mr. Roberts.
Our manager and our board of directors may agree from time to time that our manager will second to us one or more additional individuals
to serve on our behalf, upon such terms as our manager and our board of directors may mutually agree. 

Indemnification by our Company 

We have agreed to indemnify and hold harmless
our manager and its employees and representatives, including any individuals seconded to us, from and against all losses, claims and liabilities
incurred by our manager in connection with, relating to or arising out of the performance of any management services. However, we will
not be obligated to indemnify or hold harmless our manager for any losses, claims and liabilities incurred by our manager in connection
with, relating to or arising out of (i) a breach by our manager or its employees or its representatives of the management services agreement,
(ii) the gross negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or reckless disregard of our manager or its employees or representatives in the
performance of any of its obligations under the management services agreement, or (iii) fraudulent or dishonest acts of our manager or
its employees or representatives with respect to our company or any of its businesses. 

12 

Termination of Management Services Agreement 

Our board of directors may terminate the management
services agreement and our manager s appointment if, at any time: 

a majority of our board of directors vote to terminate the management services agreement, and the holders
of at least a majority of the outstanding shares (other than shares beneficially owned by our manager) then entitled to vote also vote
to terminate the management services agreement; 

neither Mr. Roberts nor his designated successor controls our manager, which change of control occurs
without the prior written consent of our board of directors; 

there is a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final, non-appealable order that (i) our
manager materially breached the terms of the management services agreement and such breach continued unremedied for 60 days after our
manager receives written notice from us setting forth the terms of such breach, or (ii) our manager (x) acted with gross negligence, willful
misconduct, bad faith or reckless disregard in performing its duties and obligations under the management services agreement, or (y) engaged
in fraudulent or dishonest acts in connection with our business or operations; 

our manager has been convicted of a felony under federal or state law, our board of directors finds that
our manager is demonstrably and materially incapable of performing its duties and obligations under the management services agreement,
and the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the then outstanding shares, other than shares beneficially owned by our manager, vote to terminate
the management services agreement; or 

there is a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction that our manager has (i) engaged in fraudulent
or dishonest acts in connection with our business or operations or (ii) acted with gross negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or
reckless disregard in performing its duties and obligations under the management services agreement, and the holders of at least 66 2/3 
of the then outstanding shares (other than shares beneficially owned by our manager) vote to terminate the management services agreement. 

In addition, our manager may resign and terminate
the management services agreement at any time upon 120 days prior written notice to us, and this right is not contingent upon the finding
of a replacement manager. However, if our manager resigns, until the date on which the resignation becomes effective, it will, upon request
of our board of directors, use reasonable efforts to assist our board of directors to find a replacement manager at no cost and expense
to us. 

Upon the termination of the management services
agreement, seconded officers, employees, representatives and delegates of our manager and its affiliates who are performing the services
that are the subject of the management services agreement will resign their respective position with us and cease to work at the date
of such termination or at any other time as determined by our manager. Any director appointed by our manager may continue serving on our
board of directors, subject to the terms of the operating agreement. 

If we terminate the management services agreement,
we have agreed to cease using the term 1847 , including any trademarks based on the name of our company that may be licensed
to them by our manager, under the licensing provisions of the management services agreement, entirely in our business and operations within
180 days of such termination. Such licensing provisions of the management services agreement would require our company and its businesses
to change their names to remove any reference to the term 1847 or any reference to trademarks licensed to them by our manager.
In this respect, our right to use the term 1847 and related intellectual property is subject to licensing provisions between
our manager, on the one hand, and our company, on the other hand. 

Except with respect to the termination fee payable
to our manager due to a termination of the management services agreement based solely on a vote of our board of directors and our shareholders,
no other termination fee is payable upon termination of the management services agreement for any other reason. See Our
Manager as a Service Provider Termination Fee for more information about the termination fee payable upon termination
of the management services agreement. 

While termination of the management services agreement
will not affect any terms and conditions, including those relating to any payment obligations, that exist under any offsetting management
services agreements or transaction services agreements, such agreements will be terminable by our businesses upon 60 days prior written
notice and there will be no termination or other similar fees due upon such termination. Notwithstanding termination of the management
services agreement, our manager will maintain its rights with respect to the allocation shares it then owns, including its rights under
the supplemental put provision of our operating agreement. See Our Manager as an Equity Holder Supplemental Put
Provision for more information on our manager s put right with respect to the allocation shares. 

13 

Our Relationship with Our Manager, Manager
Fees and Manager Profit Allocation 

Our relationship with our manager is based on
our manager having two distinct roles: first, as a service provider to us and, second, as an equity holder of the allocation shares. 

As a service provider, our manager performs a
variety of services for us, which entitles it to receive a management fee. As holder of our allocation shares, our manager has the right
to a preferred distribution in the form of a profit allocation upon the occurrence of certain events. Our manager paid 1,000 for the
allocation shares. In addition, our manager will have the right to cause us to purchase the allocation shares then owned by our manager
upon termination of the management services agreement. 

These relationships with our manager are governed
principally by the following agreements: 

the management services agreements relating to the services our manager performs for us and our businesses;
and 

our operating agreement relating to our manager s rights with respect to the allocation shares it
owns and which contains the supplemental put provision relating to our manager s right to cause us to purchase the allocation shares
it owns. 

We also expect that our manager will enter into
offsetting management services agreements and transaction services agreements with our businesses directly. These agreements, and some
of the material terms relating thereto, are discussed in more detail below. The management fee, profit allocation and put price under
the supplemental put provision will be our payment obligations and, as a result, will be paid, along with other company obligations, prior
to the payment of distributions to common shareholders. 

The following table provides a simplified description
of the fees and profit allocation rights held by our manager. Further detail is provided in the following subsections. 

Description 
 
 Fee Calculation 
 
 Payment Term 
 
 Management Fees 

Determined by management services agreement 
 
 0.5 of adjusted net assets (2.0 annually) 
 
 Quarterly 

Determined by offsetting management services agreement 
 
 Payment of fees by our subsidiary businesses that result in a dollar for dollar reduction of manager fees paid by us to our manager such that our manager cannot receive duplicate fees from both us and our subsidiary 
 
 Quarterly 

Termination fee determined by management services agreement 
 
 Accumulated management fee paid in the preceding 4 fiscal quarters multiplied by 2. Paid only upon termination by our board and a majority in interest of our shareholders 

Determined by management services agreement 
 
 Reimbursement of manager s costs and expenses in providing services to us, but not including: (1) costs of overhead; (2) due diligence and other costs for potential acquisitions our board of directors does not approve pursuing or that are required by acquisition target to be reimbursed under a transaction services agreement; and (3) certain seconded officers and employees 
 
 Ongoing 

Transaction Services Fees 

Acquisition services of target businesses or disposition of subsidiaries fees determined by transaction services agreements 
 
 2.0 of aggregate purchase price up to 50 million; plus 1.5 of aggregate purchase price in excess of 50 million and up to and equal to 100 million; plus 1.0 of aggregate purchase price in excess of 100 million 
 
 Per transaction 

Manager profit allocation determined by our operating agreement 

20 of certain profits and gains on a sale
 of subsidiary after clearance of the 8 annual hurdle rate 
 8 hurdle rate determined for any subsidiary
 by multiplying the subsidiary s average quarterly share of our assets by an 8 annualized rate 

Sale of a material amount of capital stock
 or assets of one of our businesses or subsidiaries. 
 
 Holding event: at the option of our manager,
 for the 30 day period following the 5th anniversary of an acquired business (but only based on historical profits of the business) 

14 

Our Manager as a Service Provider 

Management Fee 

We will pay our manager a quarterly management
fee equal to 0.5 (2.0 annualized) of its adjusted net assets, as discussed in more detail below (which we refer to as the parent management
fee). 

Subject to any adjustments discussed below, for
performing management services under the management services agreement during any fiscal quarter, we will pay our manager a management
fee with respect to such fiscal quarter. The management fee to be paid with respect to any fiscal quarter will be calculated as of the
last day of such fiscal quarter, which we refer to as the calculation date. The management fee will be calculated by an administrator,
which will be our manager so long as the management services agreement is in effect. The amount of any management fee payable by us as
of any calculation date with respect to any fiscal quarter will be (i) reduced by the aggregate amount of any offsetting management fees,
if any, received by our manager from any of our businesses with respect to such fiscal quarter, (ii) reduced (or increased) by the amount
of any over-paid (or under-paid) management fees received by (or owed to) our manager as of such calculation date, and (iii) increased
by the amount of any outstanding accrued and unpaid management fees. 

The management fee will be paid prior to the payment
of distributions to our common shareholders. If we do not have sufficient liquid assets to pay the management fee when due, we may be
required to liquidate assets or incur debt in order to pay the management fee. 

Offsetting Management Services Agreements

Pursuant to the management services agreement,
we have agreed that our manager may, at any time, enter into offsetting management services agreements with our businesses pursuant to
which our manager may perform services that may or may not be similar to management services. Any fees to be paid by one of our businesses
pursuant to such agreements are referred to as offsetting management fees and will offset, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, the management
fee otherwise due and payable by us under the management services agreement with respect to a fiscal quarter. The management services
agreement provides that the aggregate amount of offsetting management fees to be paid to our manager with respect to any fiscal quarter
shall not exceed the management fee to be paid to our manager with respect to such fiscal quarter. 

Our manager entered into offsetting management
services agreements with 1847 Asien, 1847 Cabinet, 1847 Wolo and 1847 ICU. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management Fees for a description of these agreements. Our manager may
also enter into offsetting management services agreements with our future subsidiaries, which agreements would be in the form prescribed
by our management services agreement. The offsetting management fee paid to our manager for providing management services to a future
subsidiary will vary. 

15 

The services that our manager provides under the
offsetting management services agreements include: conducting general and administrative supervision and oversight of the subsidiary s
day-to-day business and operations, including, but not limited to, recruiting and hiring of personnel, administration of personnel and
personnel benefits, development of administrative policies and procedures, establishment and management of banking services, managing
and arranging for the maintaining of liability insurance, arranging for equipment rental, maintenance of all necessary permits and licenses,
acquisition of any additional licenses and permits that become necessary, participation in risk management policies and procedures; and
overseeing and consulting with respect to our business and operational strategies, the implementation of such strategies and the evaluation
of such strategies, including, but not limited to, strategies with respect to capital expenditure and expansion programs, acquisitions
or dispositions and product or service lines. If our manager and the subsidiary do not enter into an offsetting management services agreement,
our manager will provide these services for our subsidiaries under our management services agreement. 

Example of Calculation of Management Fee
with Adjustment for Offsetting Management Fees 

In order to better understand how the management
fee is calculated, we are providing the following example: 

Quarterly management fee: 
 (in thousands) 
 
 1 
 Consolidated total assets 
 100,000 
 
 2 
 Consolidated accumulation amortization of intangibles 
 5,000 
 
 3 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 
 5,000 
 
 4 
 Adjusted total liabilities 
 (10,000 
 
 5 
 Adjusted net assets (Line 1 + Line 2 Line 3 Line 4) 
 90,000 
 
 6 
 Multiplied by quarterly rate 
 0.5 
 
 7 
 Quarterly management fee 
 450 

Offsetting management fees: 

8 
 Acquired company A offsetting management fees 
 (100 
 
 9 
 Acquired company B offsetting management fees 
 (100 
 
 10 
 Acquired company C offsetting management fees 
 (100 
 
 11 
 Acquired company D offsetting management fees 
 (100 
 
 12 
 Total offsetting management fees (Line 8 + Line 9 Line 10 Line 11) 
 (400 
 
 13 
 Quarterly management fee payable by Company (Line 7 + Line 12) 
 50 

The foregoing example provides hypothetical information
only and does not intend to reflect actual or expected management fee amounts. 

For purposes of the calculation of the management
fee: 

Adjusted net assets will be equal to, as of any calculation date, the sum of (i) our consolidated
total assets (as determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP) as of such calculation date, plus
(ii) the absolute amount of our consolidated accumulated amortization of intangibles (as determined in accordance with GAAP) as of such
calculation date, minus (iii) total cash and cash equivalents, minus (iv) the absolute amount of our adjusted total liabilities as of
such calculation date. 

Adjusted total liabilities will be equal to, as of any calculation date, our consolidated
total liabilities (as determined in accordance with GAAP) as of such calculation date after excluding the effect of any outstanding third-party
indebtedness. 

Quarterly management fee will be equal to, as of any calculation date, the product of (i)
0.5 , multiplied by (ii) our adjusted net assets as of such calculation date; provided, however, that with respect to any fiscal quarter
in which the management services agreement is terminated, we will pay our manager a management fee with respect to such fiscal quarter
equal to the product of (i)(x) 0.5 , multiplied by (y) our adjusted net assets as of such calculation date, multiplied by (ii) a fraction,
the numerator of which is the number of days from and including the first day of such fiscal quarter to but excluding the date upon which
the management services agreement is terminated and the denominator of which is the number of days in such fiscal quarter. 

Total offsetting management fees will be equal to, as of any calculation date, fees paid
to our manager by the businesses that we acquire in the future under separate offsetting management services agreements. 

16 

Transaction Services Agreements 

Pursuant to the management services agreement,
we have agreed that our manager may, at any time, enter into transaction services agreements with any of our businesses relating to the
performance by our manager of certain transaction-related services in connection with the acquisitions of target businesses by us or dispositions
of our property or assets. These services may include those customarily performed by a third-party investment banking firm or similar
financial advisor, which may or may not be similar to management services, in connection with the acquisition of target businesses by
us or our subsidiaries or disposition of subsidiaries or any of our property or assets or those of our subsidiaries. In connection with
providing transaction services, our manager will generally receive a fee equal to the sum of (i) 2.0 of the aggregate purchase price
of the target business up to and equal to 50 million, plus (ii) 1.5 of the aggregate purchase price of the target business in excess
of 50 million and up to and equal to 100 million, plus (iii) 1.0 of the aggregate purchase price over 100 million, subject to annual
review by our board of directors. The purchase price of a target business shall be defined as the aggregate amount of consideration, including
cash and the value of any shares issued by us on the date of acquisition, paid for the equity interests of such target business plus the
aggregate principal amount of any debt assumed by us of the target business on the date of acquisition or any similar formulation. The
other terms and conditions relating to the performance of transaction services will be established in accordance with market practice. 

Our manager may enter into transaction services
agreements with our subsidiaries and future subsidiaries, which agreements would be in the form prescribed by our management services
agreement. 

The services that our manager will provide to
our subsidiaries and future subsidiaries under the transaction services agreements will include the following services that would be provided
in connection with a specific transaction identified at the time that the transaction services agreement is entered into: reviewing, evaluating
and otherwise familiarizing itself and its affiliates with the business, operations, properties, financial condition and prospects of
the future subsidiary and its target acquisition and preparing documentation describing the future subsidiary s operations, management,
historical financial results, projected financial results and any other relevant matters and presenting such documentation and making
recommendations with respect thereto to certain of our manager s affiliates. 

Any fees received by our manager pursuant to such
a transaction services agreement will be in addition to the management fee payable by us pursuant to the management services agreement
and will not offset the payment of such management fee. A transaction services agreement with any of our businesses may provide for the
reimbursement of costs and expenses incurred by our manager in connection with the acquisition of such businesses. 

Transaction services agreements will be reviewed,
authorized and approved by our board of directors on an annual basis. 

Reimbursement of Expenses 

We are responsible for paying costs and expenses
relating to its business and operations. We agreed to reimburse our manager during the term of the management services agreement for all
costs and expenses that are incurred by our manager or its affiliates on our behalf of, including any out-of-pocket costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the performance of services under the management services agreement, and all costs and expenses the reimbursement
of which are specifically approved by our board of directors. 

We will not be obligated or responsible for reimbursing
or otherwise paying for any costs or expenses relating to our manager s overhead or any other costs and expenses relating to our
manager s conduct of its business and operations. Also, we will not be obligated or responsible for reimbursing our manager for
costs and expenses incurred by our manager in the identification, evaluation, management, performance of due diligence on, negotiation
and oversight of potential acquisitions of new businesses for which we (or our manager on our behalf) fail to submit an indication of
interest or letter of intent to pursue such acquisition, including costs and expenses relating to travel, marketing and attendance of
industry events and retention of outside service providers relating thereto. In addition, we will not be obligated or responsible for
reimbursing our manager for costs and expenses incurred by our manager in connection with the identification, evaluation, management,
performance of due diligence on, negotiating and oversight of an acquisition by us if such acquisition is actually consummated and the
business so acquired entered into a transaction services agreement with our manager providing for the reimbursement of such costs and
expenses by such business. In this respect, the costs and expenses associated with the pursuit of add-on acquisitions may be reimbursed
by any businesses so acquired pursuant to a transaction services agreement. 

All reimbursements will be reviewed and, in certain
circumstances, approved by our board of directors on an annual basis in connection with the preparation of year-end financial statements. 

17 

Termination Fee 

We will pay our manager a termination fee upon
termination of the management services agreement if such termination is based solely on a vote of our board of directors and our shareholders;
no other termination fee will be payable to our manager in connection with the termination of the management services agreement for any
other reason. The termination fee that is payable to our manager will be equal to the product of (i) two (2) multiplied by (ii) the sum
of the amount of the quarterly management fees calculated with respect to the four fiscal quarters immediately preceding the termination
date of the management services agreement. The termination fee will be payable in eight equal quarterly installments, with the first such
installment being paid on or within five (5) business days of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which the management services agreement
was terminated and each subsequent installment being paid on or within five (5) business days of the last day of each subsequent fiscal
quarter, until such time as the termination fee is paid in full to our manager. 

Our Manager as an Equity Holder 

Manager s Profit Allocation 

Our manager owns 100 of our allocation shares,
which generally will entitle our manager to receive a 20 profit allocation as a form of preferred distribution. Upon the sale of a subsidiary,
our manager will be paid a profit allocation if the sum of (i) the excess of the gain on the sale of such subsidiary over a high-water
mark plus (ii) the subsidiary s net income since its acquisition by us exceeds the 8 hurdle rate. The 8 hurdle rate is the product
of (i) a 2 rate per quarter, multiplied by (ii) the number of quarters such subsidiary was held by us, multiplied by (iii) the subsidiary s
average share (determined based on gross assets, generally) of our consolidated net equity (determined according to GAAP with certain
adjustments). In certain circumstances, after a subsidiary has been held for at least 5 years, our manager may also trigger a profit allocation
with respect to such subsidiary (determined based solely on the subsidiary s net income since its acquisition). The calculation
of the profit allocation and the rights of our manager, as the holder of the allocation shares, are governed by the operating agreement. 

Our board will have the opportunity to review
and approve the calculation of manager s profit allocation when it becomes due and payable. Our manager will not receive a profit
allocation on an annual basis. Instead, our manager will be paid a profit allocation only upon the occurrence of one of the following
events, which we refer to collectively as the trigger events: 

the sale of a material amount, as determined by our manager and reasonably consented to by a majority
of our board of directors, of the capital stock or assets of one of our subsidiaries or a subsidiary of one of our subsidiaries, including
a distribution of our ownership of a subsidiary to our shareholders in a spin-off or similar transaction, which event we refer to as a
sale event; or 

at the option of our manager, for the 30-day period following the fifth anniversary of the date upon which
we acquired a controlling interest in a business, which event we refer to as a holding event. If our manager elects to forego declaring
a holding event with respect to such business during such period, then our manager may only declare a holding event with respect to such
business during the 30-day period following each anniversary of such fifth anniversary date with respect to such business. Once declared,
our manager may only declare another holding event with respect to a business following the fifth anniversary of the calculation date
with respect to a previously declared holding event. 

We believe this payment timing, rather than a
method that provides for annual allocation payments, more accurately reflects the long-term performance of each of our businesses and
is consistent with our intent to hold, manage and grow our businesses over the long term. We refer generally to the obligation to make
this payment to our manager as the profit allocation and, specifically, to the amount of any particular profit allocation
as the manager s profit allocation. 

Definitions used in, and an example of the calculation
of profit allocation, are set forth in more detail below. 

The amount of our manager s profit allocation
will be based on the extent to which the total profit allocation amount (as defined below) with respect to any business,
as of the last day of any fiscal quarter in which a trigger event occurs, which date we refer to as the calculation date ,
exceeds the relevant hurdle amounts (as described below) with respect to such business, as of such calculation date. Our manager s
profit allocation will be calculated by an administrator, which will be our manager so long as the management services agreement is in
effect, and such calculation will be subject to a review and approval process by our board of directors. For this purpose, total
profit allocation amount will be equal to, with respect to any business as of any calculation date, the sum of: 

the contribution-based profit (as described below) of such business as of such calculation date, which
will be calculated upon the occurrence of any trigger event with respect to such business; plus 

the excess of our cumulative gains and losses (as described below) over the high-water mark (as described
below) as of such calculation date, which will only be calculated upon the occurrence of a sale event with respect to such business, and
not on a holding event (we generally expect this component to be the most significant component in calculating total profit allocation
amount). 

18 

Specifically, manager s profit allocation
will be calculated and paid as follows: 

manager s profit allocation will not be paid with respect to a trigger event relating to any business
if the total profit allocation amount, as of any calculation date, with respect to such business does not exceed such business 
level 1 hurdle amount (based on an 8 annualized hurdle rate, as described below), as of such calculation date; and 

manager s profit allocation will be paid with respect to a trigger event relating to any business
if the total profit allocation amount, as of any calculation date, with respect to such business exceeds such business level 1
hurdle amount, as of such calculation date. Our manager s profit allocation to be paid with respect to such calculation date will
be equal to the sum of the following: 

o 100 of such business total profit allocation amount, as of such calculation date, with respect
to that portion of the total profit allocation amount that exceeds such business level 1 hurdle amount (but is less than or equal
to such business level 2 hurdle amount (which is based on a 10 annualized hurdle rate, as described below), in each case, as of
such calculation date. We refer to this portion of the total profit allocation amount as the catch-up. The catch-up 
is intended to provide our manager with an overall profit allocation of 20 of the business total profit allocation amount until
such business level 2 hurdle amount has been reached; plus 

o 20 of the total profit allocation amount, as of such calculation date, that exceeds such business 
level 2 hurdle amount as of such calculation date; minus 

o the high-water mark allocation, if any, as of such calculation date. The effect of deducting the high-water
mark allocation is to take into account profit allocations our manager has already received in respect of past gains attributable to previous
sale events. 

The administrator will calculate our manager s
profit allocation on or promptly following the relevant calculation date, subject to a true-up calculation upon availability
of audited or unaudited consolidated financial statements, as the case may be, to the extent not available on such calculation date. Any
adjustment necessitated by the true-up calculation will be made in connection with the next calculation of manager s profit allocation.
Because of the length of time that may pass between trigger events, there may be a significant delay in our ability to realize the benefit,
if any, of a true-up of our manager s profit allocation. 

Once calculated, the administrator will submit
the calculation of our manager s profit allocation, as adjusted pursuant to any true-up, to our board of directors for its review
and approval. The board of directors will have ten business days to review and approve the calculation, which approval shall be automatic
absent disapproval by the board of directors. Our manager s profit allocation will be paid ten business days after such approval. 

If the board of directors disapproves of the administrator s
calculation of manager s profit allocation, the calculation and payment of manager s profit allocation will be subject to
a dispute resolution process, which may result in our manager s profit allocation being determined, at our cost and expense, by
two independent accounting firms. Any determination by such independent accounting firms will be conclusive and binding on us and our
manager. 

We will also pay a tax distribution to our manager
if our manager is allocated taxable income by us but does not realize distributions from us at least equal to the taxes payable by our
manager resulting from allocations of taxable income. Any such tax distributions will be paid in a similar manner as profit allocations
are paid. 

For any fiscal quarter in which a trigger event
occurs with respect to more than one business, the calculation of our manager s profit allocation, including the components thereof,
will be made with respect to each business in the order in which controlling interests in such businesses were acquired or obtained by
us and the resulting amounts shall be aggregated to determine the total amount of manager s profit allocation. If controlling interests
in two or more businesses were acquired at the same time and such businesses give rise to a calculation of manager s profit allocation
during the same fiscal quarter, then manager s profit allocation will be further calculated separately for each such business in
the order in which such businesses were sold. 

19 

The profit allocations and tax distributions will
be paid prior to the payment of distributions to our shareholders. If we do not have sufficient liquid assets to pay the profit allocations
or tax distributions when due, we may be required to liquidate assets or incur debt in order to pay such profit allocation. Our manager
will have the right to elect to defer the payment of our manager s profit allocation due on any payment date. Once deferred, our
manager may demand payment thereof upon 20 business days prior written notice. 

Termination of the management services agreement,
by any means, will not affect our manager s rights with respect to the allocation shares that it owns, including its right to receive
profit allocations, unless our manager exercises its put right to sell such allocation shares to us. 

Example of Calculation of Manager s
Profit Allocation 

Our manager will receive a profit allocation at
the end of the fiscal quarter in which a trigger event occurs, as follows (all dollar amounts are in millions): 

Assumptions 

Year 1: 

Acquisition of Company A 

Acquisition of Company B 

Year 4 

Company A (or assets thereof) sold for
 25 capital gain (as defined below) over its net book value of assets at time of sale, which is a qualifying trigger event 

Company A s average allocated
share of our consolidated net equity over its ownership is 50 

Company A s holding period in
quarters is 12 (assuming that Company A is acquired on the first day of the year) 

Company A s contribution-based
profit since acquisition is 5 

Year 6: 

Company B s contribution-based
profit since acquisition is 7 

Company B s average allocated
share of our consolidated net equity over its ownership is 25 

Company B s holding period in
quarters is 20 

Company B s cumulative gains and
losses are 20 

Manager elects to have holding period
measured for purposes of profit allocation for Company B 

Profit Allocation Calculation: 
 Year
 4 
 A, due to 
 sale 
 Year
 6 
 B, due to 
 5 year hold 
 
 1 
 Contribution-based profit since acquisition for respective subsidiary 
 5 
 7 
 
 2 
 Gain/ Loss on sale of company 
 25 
 0 
 
 3 
 Cumulative gains and losses 
 25 
 20 
 
 4 
 High-water mark prior to transaction 
 0 
 20 
 
 5 
 Total Profit Allocation Amount (Line 1 + Line 3) 
 30 
 27 
 
 6 
 Business holding period in quarters since ownership or last measurement due to holding event 
 12 
 20 
 
 7 
 Business average allocated share of consolidated net equity 
 50 
 25 
 
 8 
 Business level 1 hurdle amount (2.00 Line 6 Line 7) 
 12 
 10 
 
 9 
 Business excess over level 1 hurdle amount (Line 5 Line 8) 
 18 
 17 
 
 10 
 Business level 2 hurdle amount (125 Line 8) 
 15 
 12.5 
 
 11 
 Allocated to manager as catch-up (Line 10 Line 8) 
 3 
 2.5 
 
 12 
 Excess over level 2 hurdle amount (Line 9 Line 11) 
 15 
 14.5 
 
 13 
 Allocated to manager from excess over level 2 hurdle amount (20 Line 12) 
 3 
 2.9 
 
 14 
 Cumulative allocation to manager (Line 11 + Line 13) 
 6 
 5.4 
 
 15 
 High-water mark allocation (20 Line 4) 
 0 
 4 
 
 16 
 Manager s Profit Allocation for Current Period (Line 14 Line 15,> 0) 
 6 
 1.4 

20 

For purposes of calculating profit allocation: 

An entity s adjusted net assets will be equal to, as of any date, the sum of
(i) such entity s consolidated total assets (as determined in accordance with GAAP) as of such date, plus (ii) the absolute amount
of such entity s consolidated accumulated amortization of intangibles (as determined in accordance with GAAP) as of such date, minus
(iii) the absolute amount of such entity s adjusted total liabilities as of such date. 

An entity s adjusted total liabilities will be equal to, as of any date, such
entity s consolidated total liabilities (as determined in accordance with GAAP) as of such date after excluding the effect of any
outstanding third-party indebtedness of such entity. 

A business allocated share of our overhead will be equal to, with respect
to any measurement period as of any calculation date, the aggregate amount of such business quarterly share of our overhead for
each fiscal quarter ending during such measurement period. 

A business average allocated share of our consolidated equity will be equal
to, with respect to any measurement period as of any calculation date, the average (i.e., arithmetic mean) of a business quarterly
allocated share of our consolidated equity for each fiscal quarter ending during such measurement period. 

Capital gains (i) means, with respect to any entity, capital gains (as determined
in accordance with GAAP) that are calculated with respect to the sale of capital stock or assets of such entity and which sale gave rise
to a sale event and the calculation of profit allocation and (ii) will be equal to the amount, adjusted for minority interests, by which
(x) the net sales price of such capital stock or assets, as the case may be, exceeded (y) the net book value (as determined in accordance
with GAAP) of such capital stock or assets, as the case may be, at the time of such sale, as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet
prepared in accordance with GAAP; provided, that such amount shall not be less than zero. 

Capital losses (i) means, with respect to any entity, capital losses (as determined
in accordance with GAAP) that are calculated with respect to the sale of capital stock or assets of such entity and which sale gave rise
to a sale event and the calculation of profit allocation and (ii) will be equal to the amount, adjusted for minority interests, by which
(x) the net book value (as determined in accordance with GAAP) of such capital stock or assets, as the case may be, at the time of such
sale, as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, exceeded (y) the net sales price of such
capital stock or assets, as the case may be; provided , that such absolute amount thereof shall not be less than zero. 

Our consolidated net equity will be equal to, as of any date, the sum of (i)
our consolidated total assets (as determined in accordance with GAAP) as of such date, plus (ii) the aggregate amount of asset
impairments (as determined in accordance with GAAP) that were taken relating to any businesses owned by us as of such date, plus 
(iii) our consolidated accumulated amortization of intangibles (as determined in accordance with GAAP), as of such date minus (iv)
our consolidated total liabilities (as determined in accordance with GAAP) as of such date. 

A business contribution-based profits will be equal to, for any measurement
period as of any calculation date, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of such business net income (as determined in accordance
with GAAP and as adjusted for minority interests) with respect to such measurement period (without giving effect to (x) any capital gains
or capital losses realized by such business that arise with respect to the sale of capital stock or assets held by such business and which
sale gave rise to a sale event and the calculation of profit allocation or (y) any expense attributable to the accrual or payment of any
amount of profit allocation or any amount arising under the supplemental put agreement, in each case, to the extent included in the calculation
of such business net income), plus (ii) the absolute aggregate amount of such business loan expense with respect
to such measurement period, minus (iii) the absolute aggregate amount of such business allocated share of our overhead with
respect to such measurement period. 

Our cumulative capital gains will be equal to, as of any calculation date, the aggregate
amount of capital gains realized by us as of such calculation date, after giving effect to any capital gains realized by us on such calculation
date, since its inception. 

21 

Our cumulative capital losses will be equal to, as of any calculation date, the aggregate
amount of capital losses realized by us as of such calculation date, after giving effect to any capital losses realized by us on such
calculation date, since its inception. 

Our cumulative gains and losses will be equal to, as of any calculation date, the
 sum of (i) the amount of cumulative capital gains as of such calculation date, minus (ii) the absolute amount of cumulative
capital losses as of such calculation date. 

The high-water mark will be equal to, as of any calculation date, the highest positive
amount of capital gains and losses as of such calculation date that were calculated in connection with a qualifying trigger event that
occurred prior to such calculation date. 

The high-water mark allocation will be equal to, as of any calculation date, the
product of (i) the amount of the high-water mark as of such calculation date, multiplied by (ii) 20 . 

A business level 1 hurdle amount will be equal to, as of any calculation date,
the product of (i) (x) the quarterly hurdle rate of 2.00 (8 annualized), multiplied by (y) the number of fiscal quarters ending
during such business measurement period as of such calculation date, multiplied by (ii) a business average allocated
share of our consolidated equity for each fiscal quarter ending during such measurement period. 

A business level 2 hurdle amount will be equal to, as of any calculation date,
the product of (i) (x) the quarterly hurdle rate of 2.5 (10 annualized, which is 125 of the 8 annualized hurdle rate), multiplied
by (y) the number of fiscal quarters ending during such business measurement period as of such calculation date, multiplied
by (ii) a business average allocated share of our consolidated equity for each fiscal quarter ending during such measurement
period. 

A business loan expense will be equal to, with respect to any measurement
period as of any calculation date, the aggregate amount of all interest or other expenses paid by such business with respect to indebtedness
of such business to either our company or other company businesses with respect to such measurement period. 

The measurement period will mean, with respect to any business as of any calculation
date, the period from and including the later of (i) the date upon which we acquired a controlling interest in such business and (ii)
the immediately preceding calculation date as of which contribution-based profits were calculated with respect to such business and with
respect to which profit allocation were paid (or, at the election of the allocation member, deferred) by us up to and including such calculation
date. 

Our overhead will be equal to, with respect to any fiscal quarter, the sum 
of (i) that portion of our operating expenses (as determined in accordance with GAAP) (without giving effect to any expense attributable
to the accrual or payment of any amount of profit allocation or any amount arising under the supplemental put agreement to the extent
included in the calculation of our operating expenses), including any management fees actually paid by us to our manager, with respect
to such fiscal quarter that are not attributable to any of the businesses owned by us (i.e., operating expenses that do not correspond
to operating expenses of such businesses with respect to such fiscal quarter), plus (ii) our accrued interest expense (as determined
in accordance with GAAP) on any outstanding third-party indebtedness with respect to such fiscal quarter, minus (iii) revenue,
interest income and other income reflected in our unconsolidated financial statements as prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

A qualifying trigger event will mean, with respect to any business, a trigger event
that gave rise to a calculation of total profit allocation with respect to such business as of any calculation date and (ii) where the
amount of total profit allocation so calculated as of such calculation date exceeded such business level 2 hurdle amount as of
such calculation date. 

A business quarterly allocated share of our consolidated equity will be equal
to, with respect to any fiscal quarter, the product of (i) our consolidated net equity as of the last day of such fiscal quarter,
 multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is such business adjusted net assets as of the last day of such fiscal
quarter and the denominator of which is the sum of (x) our adjusted net assets as of the last day of such fiscal quarter, minus 
(y) the aggregate amount of any cash and cash equivalents as such amount is reflected on our consolidated balance sheet as prepared in
accordance with GAAP that is not taken into account in the calculation of any business adjusted net assets as of the last day of
such fiscal quarter. 

22 

A business quarterly share of our overhead will be equal to, with respect
to any fiscal quarter, the product of (i) the absolute amount of our overhead with respect to such fiscal quarter, multiplied
by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is such business adjusted net assets as of the last day of such fiscal quarter and
the denominator of which is our adjusted net assets as of the last day of such fiscal quarter. 

An entity s third-party indebtedness means any indebtedness of such entity
owed to any third-party lenders that are not affiliated with such entity. 

Supplemental Put Provision 

In addition to the provisions discussed above,
in consideration of our manager s acquisition of the allocation shares, our operating agreement contains a supplemental put provision
pursuant to which our manager will have the right to cause us to purchase the allocation shares then owned by our manager upon termination
of the management services agreement. 

If the management services agreement is terminated
at any time or our manager resigns, then our manager will have the right, but not the obligation, for one year from the date of such termination
or resignation, as the case may be, to elect to cause us to purchase all of the allocation shares then owned by our manager for the put
price as of the put exercise date. 

For purposes of this provision, the put
price is equal to, as of any exercise date, (i) if we terminate the management services agreement, the sum of two separate, independently
made calculations of the aggregate amount of manager s profit allocation as of such exercise date or (ii) if our manager resigns,
the average of two separate, independently made calculations of the aggregate amount of manager s profit allocation as of such exercise
date, in each case, calculated assuming that (x) all of the businesses are sold in an orderly fashion for fair market value as of such
exercise date in the order in which the controlling interest in each business was acquired or otherwise obtained by us, (y) the last day
of the fiscal quarter ending immediately prior to such exercise date is the relevant calculation date for purposes of calculating manager s
profit allocation as of such exercise date. Each of the two separate, independently made calculations of our manager s profit allocation
for purposes of calculating the put price will be performed by a different investment bank that is engaged by us at our cost and expense.
The put price will be adjusted to account for a final true-up of our manager s profit allocation. 

We and our manager can mutually agree to permit
us to issue a note in lieu of payment of the put price when due; provided, that if our manager resigns and terminates the management services
agreement, then we will have the right, in our sole discretion, to issue a note in lieu of payment of the put price when due. In either
case the note would have an aggregate principal amount equal to the put price, would bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 4.0 per annum,
would mature on the first anniversary of the date upon which the put price was initially due, and would be secured by the then-highest
priority lien available to be placed on our equity interests in each of our businesses. 

Our obligations under the put provision of our
operating agreement are absolute and unconditional. In addition, we will be subject to certain obligations and restrictions upon exercise
of our manager s put right until such time as our obligations under the put provision of our operating agreement, including any
related note, have been satisfied in full, including: 

subject to our right to issue a note in the circumstances described above, we must use commercially reasonable
efforts to raise sufficient debt or equity financing to permit us to pay the put price or note when due and obtain approvals, waivers
and consents or otherwise remove any restrictions imposed under contractual obligations or applicable law or regulations that have the
effect of limiting or prohibiting us from satisfying our obligations under the supplemental put agreement or note; 

our manager will have the right to have a representative observe meetings of our board of directors and
have the right to receive copies of all documents and other information furnished to the board of directors; 

our company and its businesses will be restricted in their ability to sell or otherwise dispose of their
property or assets or any businesses they own and in their ability to incur indebtedness (other than in the ordinary course of business)
without granting a lien on the proceeds therefrom to our manager, which lien will secure our obligations under the put provision of our
operating agreement or note; and 

we will be restricted in our ability to (i) engage in certain mergers or consolidations, (ii) sell, transfer
or otherwise dispose of all or a substantial part of our business, property or assets or all or a substantial portion of the stock or
beneficial ownership of our businesses or a portion thereof, (iii) liquidate, wind-up or dissolve, (iv) acquire or purchase the property,
assets, stock or beneficial ownership or another person, or (v) declare and pay distributions to our common shareholders. 

23 

We have also agreed to indemnify our manager for
any losses or liabilities it incurs or suffers in connection with, arising out of or relating to its exercise of its put right or any
enforcement of terms and conditions of the supplemental put provision of our operating agreement. 

The put price will be paid prior to the payment
of distributions to our shareholders. If we do not have sufficient liquid assets to pay the put price when due, we may be required to
liquidate assets or incur debt in order to pay the put price. 

Termination of the management services agreement,
by any means, will not affect our manager s rights with respect to the allocation shares that it owns. In this regard, our manager
will retain its put right and its allocation shares after ceasing to serve as our manager. As a result, if we terminate our manager, regardless
of the reason for such termination, it would retain the right to exercise the put right and demand payment of the put price. 

RETAIL AND APPLIANCES BUSINESS 

Our retail and appliances business is operated
by Asien s. This business segment accounted for approximately 21.8 and 41.6 of our total revenues for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Overview 

Since 1948, we have been providing a wide variety
of appliance services, including sales, delivery/installation, in-home service and repair, extended warranties, and financing in the North
Bay area of Sonoma County, California. Our main focus is delivering personal sales and exceptional service to our customers at competitive
prices. 

We operate one of the area s oldest appliance
stores and are well known and highly respected throughout the North Bay area. We have strong, established relationships with customers
and contractors in the community. We provide products and services to a diverse group of customers, including homeowners, builders, and
designers. As a member of BrandSource, a buying group that offers vendor programs, factory direct deals, marketing support, opportunity
buys, close-outs, consumer rebates, finance offers, and similar benefits, we offer a full line of top brands from U.S. and international
manufacturers. 

Products and Services 

Appliance Sales 

With a showroom display area of approximately
6,000 square feet, we offer a complete line of home and kitchen appliances to residential customers, including: 

Cooking : Products include cooktops, microwaves, warming drawers, ventilation, wall ovens,
ranges and range tops. Major brands include Beko, BlueStar, Caf , DCS, Fisher Paykel, Five Star, Fulgor Milano, GE, Haier, Jenn-Air,
KitchenAid, Maytag, Miele, Monogram, Sub-Zero, Viking, Whirlpool and Wolf. 

Refrigeration : Products include a wide variety of refrigerator configurations, freezers
and ice makers, and wine and beer coolers. Major brands include Fisher Paykel, Jenn-Air, KitchenAid, Liebherr, Miele, Monogram, Perlick,
Sub-Zero, Viking and Whirlpool. 

Laundry : Products include washers, dryers and laundry extras. Major brands include Amana,
ASKO, Beko, Fisher Paykel, GE, Maytag, Miele, Speed Queen and Whirlpool. 

Clean Up : Products include dishwashers, trash compactors, and in-sink food waste disposers.
Major brands include AGA, Amana, ASKO, Beko, Caf , Cove, Crosley, Fisher Paykel, GE, Hot Point, Jenn-Air, KitchenAid, Maytag, Miele,
Monogram, Viking and Whirlpool. 

Outdoor : Products include outdoor grills, refrigeration, and storage. Major brands include
DCS, Green Mountain Grills, LYNX, Marvel, Perlick, Sub-Zero, Viking and Wolf. 

Appliance Services 

We also offer a variety of appliance services,
including delivery, installation, warranty service and appliance repair and maintenance. We are the largest independent appliance service
company in Sonoma County. Our service technicians are experts, averaging 15 years of field experience with factory training. They are
vendor certified to handle our customers kitchen appliance, laundry, and outdoor appliance service needs. We also offer extended
warranties. 

24 

Pricing 

We provide premium and super premium products to the North Bay customer.
A significant number of the appliances in our catalog are subject to a unilateral minimum retail price policy, or UMRP, or
minimum advertised pricing restrictions. UMRP restricts a reseller from discounting the customer price for an appliance below a vendor
published UMRP and product promotions are solely those specified by the vendor and unilaterally available. We thrive in the premium market
by providing the customer with a higher overall perceived value as well as a competitive total invoice cost by offering premium service
at reasonable rates. Our sales associates are industry professionals with an average of more than 15 years of experience selling appliances.
This team of six averages over twelve years seniority with the senior member having been with us for 27 years. The premium appliance market
requires this expertise as very often sales and customer service teams are interacting with designers, builders, and contractors, as well
as our core customer, the homeowner. Our hard-earned reputation for this expertise in sales, installation and service accretes to our
advantage when we compete directly across product lines that are also available from other local resellers and big box competitors. Our
merchant and sales team are responsible to ensure that pricing and promotion for these appliances are competitive. 

Vendor/Supplier Relationships 

The
following table sets forth the vendors and suppliers that accounted for more than 10 of our purchases for the year ended December 31,
2022: 

Supplier 
 
 Total Purchases (2021) 
 
 Total Purchases (2022) 
 
 Percent of 
 Purchases 
 (2022) 
 
 Riggs Distributing, Inc. 

2,558,915 

1,753,121 

24.3 

General Electric 

2,411,825 

1,798,537 

24.9 

Whirlpool 

1,203,187 

830,283 

11.5 

Products are purchased from all suppliers on an
at-will basis. We have no long-term purchase agreements with any supplier. Relationships with suppliers are subject to change from time
to time. Changes in relationships with suppliers occur periodically and could positively or negatively impact our net sales and operating
profits. We believe that we can be successful in mitigating negative effects resulting from unfavorable changes in the relationships with
suppliers through, among other things, the development of new or expanded supplier relationships. Please see Item 1A Risk Factors Risks
Related to Our Retail and Appliances Business and Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure The
COVID-19 pandemic may cause a material adverse effect on our business for a description of the risks related to our supplier
relationships, including those associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. 

BrandSource Membership 

We are part of the member-owned buying group,
BrandSource, which has an internal marketing company as well as a company to finance their purchases from some brands. 

Members of BrandSource can compete with box stores
by banding together under the buying group; the dealers/members own the buying group/co-op. Simply put, the group aids members in helping
them buy better, reduce costs, drive business into their stores and educate them in a way an independent dealer could not do it alone. 

We believe that the benefits of our membership
with this group include: 

19 billion dollar buying power allowing members to compete on the price of products (same as box store); 

BrandSource finance through Progressive Leasing so members can get credit approved to purchase goods; 

25 

BrandSource marketing so members can compete for consumer store traffic. This includes turnkey websites,
digital and social marketing, as well as print and video marketing. This allows members to actually out-market the box stores locally; 

National and regional education forums for members to be in the know on industry trends,
vendor product knowledge and idea exchange; and 

BrandSource AVB retail technology solutions and consulting. 

Marketing 

We market our products through a variety of methods,
both digital and traditional. Some examples include digital advertising, radio, billboards and go local marketing. 

Digital Advertising 

We participate in pay-per-click ads, digital banner
ads, YouTube videos, Facebook posts, and similar digital media, through our membership in BrandSource. We also have a professional and
easy-to-use website (www.asiensappliance.com), which allows customers to research, compare, and order products online. This site is hosted
and maintained by BrandSource. 

Radio 

We run radio spots on various stations throughout
the year, with most spots promoting our brand. These advertisements strive to promote our experience, expertise, service, local ownership,
and more than 70 years in business. Some radio spots are paid for by appliance manufacturers, in which case we will promote the quality
of the brand, rather than the price. 

Billboards 

We have secured two prominent billboards in Sonoma
County: 

Northbound 101 across from the Corby Avenue auto row in Santa Rosa. We advertise on it half the year at
different intervals. 

Southbound 101 in Petaluma near the Petaluma Village Premium Outlets. 

In many cases, as with the radio ads, appliance
manufacturers will pay for advertising on the billboards. 

Go Local Marketing 

We also participate in the GO LOCAL 
marketing organization for locally owned independent businesses. Members of this organization use a shared brand, targeted advertising,
and a rewards card to increase sales and gain market share. 

Customers and Markets 

We currently serve customers in the areas of Sonoma,
Napa, Marin, Lake and Mendocino counties, California. The large majority of customers are homeowners and their contractors, with the homeowner
being key in the final decisions. We have a diverse customer base, with no one customer accounting for more than 10 of total revenue. 

Customer Support 

Customer Service is of critical importance to
our success. We primarily conduct customer service in person or on the telephone, although web-initiated chat, text and email are available
and rapidly growing coordination and communication. We believe in allowing our customer to set the preferred method for communication.
Our role in providing premium appliances can often require substantial pre-sales support, such as when quoting a multi-appliance bid package
for a builder. Since 2020, there has been a material shift toward online sales and the appliance industry is no exception. 

Our customer service is available to field inbound
customer calls from 8:00 am to 5:30 pm PST, Monday through Friday and Saturday from 9:00 am to 5:00 pm. 

26 

Logistics 

The large majority of our inventory consists of
customers completed orders, most of which are selected from models on display in our extensive showroom. We do, however, maintain
a supply of common and in-demand appliances for walk-in customers who are looking to make same-day purchases. 

We take ownership of inventory when it is delivered
to our warehouse. At this point, warehouse staff unloads the product, determines the delivery location and arranges for delivery of the
product. Customers may arrange for a delivery service or their third-party installers and contractors to pick-up their appliances at our
warehouse or have it scheduled for drop-off or installation. We will coordinate third-party delivery or recommend factory trained third-party
installation services when necessary. We also offer installation services. Another important service is haul-away of a customer s
used appliances. This service is included with drop-off or installation. We contract with a local third-party recycling firm to ensure
that used appliances receive optimum recycling and appropriate disposal. 

Our return and exchange policy is designed to
be as worry-free and customer friendly as possible. A customer may cancel or exchange an item that is on order or is not subject to a
vendor mandated restocking fee. We may pass any supplier assessed restocking fee on to the customer in the event a special ordered appliance
is returned or exchanged without defect. 

Competition 

We compete with big box retailers, independent
appliance retailers, hybrid retail and direct-to-consumer companies and web only companies. As a hybrid retail and direct-to-consumer
company, we have the ability to successfully rival the offerings of each competitor, utilizing impressions from both online and traditional
marketing, our consultative selling practice and customer service expertise, and a curated assortment of premier brands to attract and
retain new customers. 

The U.S. appliance market in general is highly
fragmented with thousands of local and regional retailers competing for share. Our primary competitors in the appliance market include
big box retailers, such as Home Depot, Lowe s and Costco; specialty retailers, such as TeeVax, Ferguson and Premier Bath and Kitchen;
and online marketplaces, such as Amazon. 

The shifting landscape to online sales in the
segment is providing a significant market share capture and positioning opportunity for companies. We are rapidly evolving our business
processes to capitalize on this market shift. While premium brands continue to place restrictions on the pure ecommerce distribution models,
we are adapting the concierge selling available on our showroom floor for the web customer at home. The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated
this shift and is rewarding the entrepreneurial innovation necessary for this transition. This ongoing adaptation and continual process
improvement will allow us to continue to enjoy a preferred reseller status with the premium brands that differentiate our offerings. 

Competitive Strengths 

Based on management s belief and experience
in the industry, we believe that the following competitive strengths enable us to compete effectively. 

Name and reputation . We believe that we enjoy a long-standing (more than 70 years) reputation
with vendors and customers for our focus on offering a full line of appliances, including premium brands unavailable from the competition,
with consultative selling, competitive pricing and superior customer service. 

Highly experienced management and personnel . We believe that our personnel are its most
important asset. We have an experienced management team with decades of industry knowledge and a team of experienced, knowledgeable and
skilled field personnel. 

Diverse product and service offerings . We offer a full line of top brands from U.S. and
international manufacturers. We also offer delivery, installation and repair
and maintenance services provided by our highly knowledgeable personnel. 

Inventory discipline . Resellers in the appliance industry are experiencing unprecedented
supply chain issues with backorder on many appliance categories. Increasingly, the most success in appliance sales is found for those
with available inventory on hand. We react quickly to the expression of customer demand by confirming availability for products and placing
orders to reserve potential stock needs. Our curated assortment allows us to react to micro-trends and adjust assortment and buying decisions
quickly. On the showroom floor, our experienced team has quickly pivoted to first sell what is available and then over-communicate with
the customer when an item is on backorder. As a result, we are maintaining a low cancelation rate. Customer service processes and resources
to allow more efficient ongoing customer communication and coordination will allow us to earn loyalty within our market by exceeding the
service levels customers receive from other specialty retailers. 

27 

Extended repair, delivery, and loaner services . Many of our sales are duress 
sales to replace broken or antiquated equipment. It is not uncommon for service to provide a gateway sales. A customer looking to replace
their appliance still wants a quality product and they need it quickly. This is where the value of our full-service approach wins customer
loyalty. 

Online sales expertise . We believe that our ability to transact online, big ticket, home
delivery sales give us strategic positioning and capability to sell more products to our current customer base, as well as to add new
big ticket product categories. 

Membership in BrandSource . As discussed in more detail above, we believe that our membership
in BrandSource provides us with a number of competitive advantages. 

Growth Strategies 

We will strive to grow our business by pursuing
the following growth strategies: 

Digital strategy . We plan to implement best-in-class solutions from parallel industries
focused on a click-to-brick digital strategy. This includes enhancing our web presence and digital advertising while providing tools to
facilitate consultation, guided customer support and service. We also plan to enhance the full-cycle customer relationship including loyalty,
incentives for referral, and long-tail satisfaction surveys. We also plan to enhance our geographic reach through installation partnerships. 

Increase local marketing spend . We plan to increase our local marketing spending. Outreach
messaging will increase the emphasis on us as a trusted community resource and other local first values. We plan to build incrementally
on ad spending where a return is measurable. This involves first optimizing local market internet search and digital advertising campaigns,
while at the same time innovating a COVID-19 appropriate approach to what was traditionally outside sales by more regularly engaging builders,
designers, and contractors and encouraging regular digital meeting place. We plan to provide local leadership by being efficient and providing
secure online tools to enable project management and data exchange. 

Store growth . We are actively looking for underserved and growing communities on the west
coast that echo the attributes that serve our success in the current Sonoma County location. 

Intellectual Property 

We do not own any registered intellectual property
for our retail and appliances business. The agreements with our suppliers generally provide us with a limited, non-exclusive license to
use the supplier s trademarks, service marks and trade names for the sole purpose of promoting and selling their products. 

To protect intellectual property, we rely on a
combination of laws and regulations, as well as contractual restrictions. We rely on the protection of laws regarding unregistered copyrights
for certain content we create. We also rely on trade secret laws to protect our proprietary technology and other intellectual property.
To further protect our intellectual property, we enter into confidentiality agreements with our executive officers and directors. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we employed 22
full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by labor unions, and we believe that we have an excellent relationship
with our employees. 

28 

Regulation 

Our business is subject a variety of laws and
regulations applicable to companies that are conducting business on the Internet. Jurisdictions vary as to how, or whether, existing laws
governing areas such as personal privacy and data security, consumer protection or sales and other taxes, among other areas, apply to
the Internet and e-commerce, and these laws are continually evolving. For example, certain applicable privacy laws and regulations require
us to provide customers with our policies on sharing information with third parties, and advance notice of any changes to these policies.
Related laws may govern the manner in which we transfer sensitive information or impose obligations on us in the event of a security breach
or inadvertent disclosure of such information. Additionally, tax regulations in jurisdictions where we do not currently collect state
or local taxes may subject us to the obligation to collect and remit such taxes, or to additional taxes, or to requirements intended to
assist jurisdictions with their tax collection efforts. New legislation or regulation, the application of laws from jurisdictions whose
laws do not currently apply to our business, or the application of existing laws and regulations to the Internet and e-commerce generally
could result in significant additional taxes on our business. Further, we could be subject to fines or other payments for any past failures
to comply with these requirements. The continued growth and demand for e-commerce is likely to result in more laws and regulations that
impose additional compliance burdens on companies doing business on the Internet. 

CUSTOM CARPENTRY BUSINESS 

Our custom carpentry business is operated
through our subsidiaries Kyle s, High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets. Kyle s was acquired in the third quarter of 2020 and
High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets were acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. This business segment accounted for approximately 64.9 
and 39.8 of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Overview 

We specialize in all aspects of finished carpentry
products and services, including doors, door frames, base boards, crown molding, cabinetry, bathroom sinks and cabinets, bookcases, built-in
closets, and fireplace mantles, among others. We also install windows and kitchen countertops. We primarily service large homebuilders
and homeowners of single-family homes and commercial and multi-family developers in the greater Reno-Sparks-Fernley metro area in Nevada
and in the Boise, Idaho area. 

Products and Services 

We provide a wide variety of finished carpentry
products and services to single-family homeowners and builders, builders of multi-family homes, as well as commercial clients in the greater
Reno-Sparks-Fernley metro area in Nevada, which is one of the fastest growing economic regions in the Western U.S. This includes selling
and installing doors, door frames, basic trim, base boards, crown molding, kitchen and bathroom cabinets and countertops, walk-in closets,
bookcases, fireplace mantles, even staircases, staircase handles and spindles. 

We also install windows in this market. Revenue
from window installation is projected to grow significantly. Window installation does not require any manufacturing or assembly of windows
and minimal inventory levels of product is needed. We can simply either install the windows that have already been purchased by the client
or buy them for a specific job and install them. 

We also build cabinets for every area of a home
- kitchen and bath cabinets, fireplace mantels and surrounds, entertainment systems and wall units, bookcases and office cabinets - in
Boise, Idaho and the surrounding area, for builders, designers and homeowners when they are building a new home or conduct remodeling.
In this market, most of the focus has been on supplying custom or semi-custom builders of residential properties. 

Manufacturing 

Most of our services consist of design, assembly,
and installation services. As a result, we do not manufacture most of our products, although we do have limited manufacturing operations
consisting of value-add activities such as drilling pre-manufactured doors for holes and attaching hinges. 

In the Boise, Idaho market, Kyle s operates
a cabinet shop that is equipped with state-of-the-art tools operated by skilled cabinetmakers. It manufactures its cabinets using its
computer numerical control machinery in order to maximize efficiency. The details of each custom cabinet it makes are created by its own
employees, from hand sanding to staining and painting to adding a wide array of specialty finishes, coatings, distressing and glazing. 

29 

Pricing 

Our strategy has been to deliver quality and performance
at a value-based price target. Our pricing model is generally offering better features or efficiencies than general market competitors
in each product category to our builder markets. 

Supplier Relationships 

We source products and raw materials from multiple
regional, national and foreign suppliers. Certain of our products and materials come from Asian-based suppliers. Products and materials
from Asian-based suppliers may be subjected to import tariffs, depending on various foreign policies of the US government. As such, we
continue to explore partnership or supplier opportunities to optimize our costs. 

The primary raw materials used in the manufacture
of Kyle s products are melamine and veneered sheet goods, lumber, doors and hardware. Cost of these raw materials is a key factor
in pricing its products. 

We have historically purchased certain key products
and raw materials from a limited number of suppliers. We purchase products and raw materials on the basis of purchase orders. While we
believe that there is an ample supply of most of the products and raw materials that we need, in the absence of firm and long-term contracts,
we may not be able to obtain a sufficient supply of these products and raw materials from our existing suppliers or alternates in a timely
fashion or at a reasonable cost. If we fail to secure a sufficient supply of key products and raw materials in a timely fashion, it would
result in a significant delay in delivering our products and services, which may cause us to breach our sales contracts with our customers.
Furthermore, failure to obtain sufficient supply of these products and raw materials at a reasonable cost could also harm our revenue
and gross profit margins. Please see Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Custom Carpentry Business for
a description of the risks related to our supplier relationships. 

Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic has had and
may continue to have an adverse impact on the overall supply chain, including labor shortages at saw mills, shipping delays, and increased
prices, all of which may negatively affect our profitability and financial condition. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related
to Our Business and Structure The COVID-19 pandemic may cause a material adverse effect on our business . 

Sales and Marketing 

In the Reno-Sparks-Fernley, Nevada market, we
primarily work with large homebuilders of single-family homes, single-family homeowners and commercial and multi-family developers with
revenue that is well diversified across multiple large homebuilding companies such as Mountain West, MSL, DR Horton, Tanamera, Allco Construction,
Artisan Communities, Toll Brothers and Lennar, to name several of the more prominent commercial relationships we maintain. 

In the Boise, Idaho market, we primarily work
with custom or semi-custom home builders, but due to strong housing demands in the area, we are also tapping into the residential multi-family,
new construction segment of the market. 

We have high customer retention levels and have
generated a considerable number of broader revenue opportunities through direct and specific interaction with our customer base. We have
negotiated pricing with several long-term recurring contractor customers, which have accounted for a majority of our revenues. There can
be no assurance that we will maintain or improve the relationships with those customers. If we cannot maintain long-term relationships
with major customers or replace major customers from period to period with equivalent customers, the loss of such sales could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Please also see Item 1A Risk Factors Risks
Related to Our Custom Carpentry Business The loss of any of our key customers could have a materially adverse effect on our results
of operations . 

We primarily rely on direct consumer marketing
and our extensive relationships with local builders to market our products. We also maintain websites at www.kylescabinets.com and www.innovativecabinetsanddesign.com
and conduct social media marketing through Facebook pages. 

30 

Competition 

The finished carpentry industry consists of contractors
that provide specialist finish carpentry services, such as on-site construction and the installation of doors, windows, stairs, shelving,
cupboards, cabinets and decks. Carpenters experience steep competition from do-it-yourself (DIY) homeowners in the housing alterations
and additions market and from other skilled tradespeople in the new building construction market, such as general building contractors 
in-house staff. 

We compete with numerous competitors in our primary
markets, with reputation, price, workmanship and services being the principal competitive factors. We primarily compete with other specialty
builders in our markets, such as Franklin s, Western Idaho, and to a lesser extent against national retail chains such as Home Depot
and Lowes. Barriers to entry exist from other similar companies coming into the regions given the pool of available labor working in finished
carpentry in the regions, and the close working relationships that exist between industry players in the regions. These barriers to entry
are also experienced by larger competitors from outside the regions, providing them with substantial challenges in establishing a foothold.
As a result of the implementation of our business strategy, which is delivering high value, quality products and customized solutions
and installations, we anticipate that we will continue to effectively compete against the aforementioned competition. 

Competitive Strengths 

Based on management s belief and experience
in the industry, we believe that the following competitive strengths enable us to compete effectively. 

Superior name and reputation . We are well established in our markets (including for over
40 years in the Boise market), and have built strong reputations for best-in-class processes, product quality, and timeliness. We have
strong visibility both online and among industry professionals. Over our many years in business, we have established a stellar reputation
for integrity, superior service, and genuine concern for our clients and their businesses. 

Established blue-chip clients . We have customer lists that include many regional contractors
in the areas that we service, many of whom have used us as their go-to vendors for many years. 

Streamlined operations . We believe that our processes and operational systems have led to
higher than average efficiencies, accuracy and profitability. 

Diversified capabilities . We have diversified capabilities to support large homebuilders
of single-family homes and commercial and multi-family developers, providing flexibility toward trending markets and growth opportunities. 

Outstanding growth opportunities . Our portfolio, brand and reputation, and streamlined operational
platform can be leveraged for expansion, both in existing regions, and other high-value surrounding areas. 

Strong regional presence . We operate in the in the greater Reno-Sparks-Fernley metro area,
which is one of the fastest growing economic regions in the Western U.S. due to its day drive distance to many of the largest commercial
centers and port facilities in the United States and favorable tax and business regulation environment. There are multiple national homebuilders
and multi-family developers are active in the region. We are among the largest custom carpentry companies in this region. 

Growth Strategies 

We will strive to grow our business by pursuing
the following growth strategies. 

Product line expansion . There are a number of opportunities to expand our product and servicing
offerings. Notably, as discussed above, we intend to expand our window installation services, which has a large market potential. 

Geographic expansion . With more service requests in the surrounding area, there is immediate
opportunities for expansion to homeowners and contractors located near Twin Falls, McCall, and Sun Valley areas of Idaho, as well as Northern
Nevada. We believe that we are well positioned to expand into these surrounding areas. 

31 

Expansion to commercial projects . There are opportunities for us to exploit additional opportunities
in the commercial real estate sector. That could be office buildings and hotel and resort properties. In the Boise market, we primarily
focus on the residential single family, new construction segment of the construction market. Evidence of market demand is ongoing for
multi-family projects, both within our current customer markets and within other potential customers. Given appropriate infrastructure
to support the market s volume, immediate market penetration for multi-family projects could be achieved. 

Capacity and infrastructure expansion . In the Boise market, we plan to purchase more machinery
and build a separate finishing facility with automated spray finishing for stains, clear lacquers and pigmented lacquers. In the Reno
market, we are in the process expanding our warehouse space and operations. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, our custom carpentry
companies employed 174 full-time employees. None of the employees are represented by labor unions, and we believe that our custom carpentry
companies have excellent relationships with their employees. 

Regulation 

The facility in Boise, Idaho is subject to Idaho
Department of Environmental Quality in connection with air quality and regulations relating to pollution and the protection of the environment,
including those governing emissions to air, discharges to water, storage, treatment and disposal of waste, remediation of contaminated
sites and protection of worker health and safety. 

We believe that we are in substantial compliance
with all applicable requirements. However, our efforts to comply with environmental requirements do not remove the risk that we may be
held liable, or incur fines or penalties, and that the amount of liability, fines or penalties may be material, for, among other things,
releases of hazardous substances occurring on or emanating from current or formerly owned or operated properties or any associated offsite
disposal location, or for contamination discovered at any of our properties from activities conducted by previous occupants. 

Permits are required for certain of our operations,
and these permits are subject to revocation, modification and renewal by issuing authorities. Governmental authorities have the power
to enforce compliance with their regulations, and violations may result in the payment of fines or the entry of injunctions, or both. 

Changes in environmental laws and regulations
or the discovery of previously unknown contamination or other liabilities relating to our properties and operations could result in significant
environmental liabilities. In addition, we might incur significant capital and other costs to comply with increasingly stringent air emission
control laws and enforcement policies which would decrease our cash flow. 

32 

AUTOMOTIVE SUPPLIES BUSINESS 

Our automotive supplies business is operated
by Wolo. This business segment, which was acquired at the end of the first quarter of 2021, accounted for approximately 13.3 and 18.6 
of our total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Overview 

Our automotive supplies business is headquartered
in Deer Park, New York and was founded in 1965. We design and sell horn and safety products (electric, air, truck, marine, motorcycle
and industrial equipment), and offer vehicle emergency and safety warning lights for cars, trucks, industrial equipment and emergency
vehicles. Focused on the automotive and industrial after-market, we sell our products to big-box national retail chains, through specialty
and industrial distributors, as well as on- line/mail order retailers and OEMs. 

Products 

We design and sell a broad range
of branded vehicle horns, warning lights, sirens, back-up alarms and accessories. 

Horns 

We design and sell an innovative and extensive
selection of electromechanical, air and electronic-speaker horns. The horns are used in many industries such as: heavy duty truck, motorcycle,
marine, industrial and the automotive aftermarket. We also sell hand-held gas horns which can be used for sporting events, as well as
marine, construction sites and outdoor activities. 

Our top-selling product is the Bad Boy horn,
which has a one-piece design that requires no hoses. It installs in minutes by simply transferring the vehicle s factory horn wires
to the compressor, and mounts with one bolt included in kit. The Bad Boy produces a powerful dual tone air horn sound that is two times
louder than the factory horn. It is compact in size to fit any car, truck, motorcycle and any 12-volt vehicle that wants a loud air horn
sound. A heavy-duty maintenance free compressor provides years of dependable service. 

In the past three years, we have brought a number
of new and innovative horn products to the markets to which we sell. Some highlights include: 

Midnight
 Express . A high-pressure truck train horn that is three trumpets, all metal and painted
 semi-gloss black. Train horns are purchased by the vehicle owner that wants the ultra-powerful
 sound of a train. 

Quadraphonic
 Express . Four metal trumpets that are triple chrome plated, produce an ultra-powerful
 train horn sound that will be heard and will dress-up the appearance of any vehicle. 

Nexgen
 Express Train Horn . A totally new design by us, a state-of-the-art fully electronic
 train horn, compact in size and produces more than 150-watts output. Engineered to fit into
 the engine compartment of cars, SUVs and even compact vehicles with a simple two wire hook-up,
 Nexgen offers two distinctive train horn sounds controlled by a wireless key fab. 

Mighty
 Mo . An industrial equipment horn designed to withstand off-road and construction
 site conditions, while being able to penetrate noisy environments and still be heard. 

Compressor and Tank Systems 

We also sell air compressor systems, consisting
of air storage tanks, compressors and everything needed to hookup a high-pressure air horn. Two years ago, we started offering complete
kits of train horns and choice of high-pressure air systems. Additionally, we offer replacement parts for all products. 

Electric Sirens and Speakers 

We have an array of emergency electronic sirens
with built-in public address systems used by emergency responders. 

Back-Up Alarms 

We offer a variety of back-up alarm systems from
basic beep-style horn sold in all aftermarket retailers, to hi-tech intelligent alarms that adjust audio output to be louder than surrounding
ambient noise. Our Model BA-697 has three super bright 1-watt LEDs that flash while the vehicle is in reverse and the auditable warning
sound is turned on. In addition, we have a selection of white noise Psss Psss sound alarms required in the state of California. 

Warning Lights 

We offer a large selection of warning lights
for road assistance as well as emergency vehicles, construction, road safety and snow plowing vehicles. Warning lights come in a variety
of types, sizes and shapes such as rotating, strobe and state-of-the-art LED models ranging in sizes from 8 inches to fifty-seven 57
inches. A recent addition to warning lights that has become an everyday bestseller for us is the new WATCHMAN , which is a 24-inch
magnet light bar that can be converted to permanent mounting in minutes with no special tools. Because of the products popularity,
we designed a larger 48 version of the Watchman, which has seen very good acceptance in the market. 

33 

Another recent addition is Luminous, a high-performance,
low profile linear light bar designed with the latest state-of-the-art electronic circuitry that has low power consumption and will provide
years of reliable service. Luminous produces an intense beam of light which can be seen 360 degrees even in bright daylight. Available
in three lengths in color amber, blue, red, green and any combination of colors. Luminous is certified SAE J845 Class 1 and California
Title 13. 

Manufacturing 

Most of our manufacturing is outsourced
to contract manufacturers in China and Taiwan. In-house manufacturing consists of changes to fully assembled products,
as per custom orders. For example, converting the voltage of a horn for truck use, or the standard color of a particular warning light. 

We have implemented a strict quality control
program which is run by our warehouse/production manager. We believe that our high quality standards assure customers that they are getting
the best and most reliable products in the market. Our manufacturing operations are designed to allow low-cost production of a wide variety
of products while maintaining a high level of customer service and quality. 

We believe that our manufacturing facilities
generally have sufficient capacity to meet our current business requirements and our currently anticipated sales. 

Vendor/Supplier Relationships 

We have developed long term relationships with contact manufacturers based in China and Taiwan. All materials are sourced by the contract manufacturers. The following table sets
forth the vendors and suppliers that accounted for more than 10 of our purchases for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Supplier 
 
 Product 
 
 Total Purchases (2021) 
 
 Total Purchases (2022) 
 
 Percent of Purchases (2022) 
 
 E-own Corporation 
 
 Warning Lights Horns 

430,937 

418,780 

28.6 

Zhejiang Jiejia Automobile 
 
 Horns 

162,491 

304,228 

20.8 

Changz 
 
 Warning Lights 

- 

271,611 

18.5 

Ruian Jiani Auto Parts 
 
 Horns 

178,324 

246,799 

16.8 

We have established relationships with our vendors,
with many of these relationships spanning more than 15 years. We implement vendor agreements with all our major accounts and some mid-size
accounts. The typical length of a vendor agreement is 2-3 years, and in most cases automatically renew. 

We have also established volume discounts with
our suppliers which help to offset increased material, tariffs and increased labor costs domestically and overseas. With the unstable
world market, we have carefully started to engage secondary suppliers to make sure we have no interruptions in the supply chain and to
be sure we maintain a competitive price. 

We believe that our strong relationships with
suppliers yield high quality, competitive pricing and overall good service to our customers. Although we cannot be sure that our sources
of supply will be adequate in all circumstances, we believe that we can develop alternate sources in a timely and cost-effective manner
if our current sources become inadequate. Due to availability of numerous alternative suppliers, we do not believe that the loss of any
single supplier would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. See Item 1A Risk
Factors Risks Related to Our Automotive Supply Business for a description of the risks related to our supplier relationships. 

34 

Sales and Marketing 

Our sales team consists of an in-house national
sales manager who coordinates with contracted sales representatives from thirteen regional sales companies in North America, Mexico,
Puerto Rico, the U.K., Europe, the Middle East and the industrial aftermarket. The sales representative s agreement with us is
limited to automotive, internet-based companies and occasionally motorcycle aftermarket distributors. 

Sales representatives are responsible for the
solicitation and development of new accounts, as well as working with existing customers to develop promotions and incentives for our
products. We have had relationships with these regional sales companies for 13 to 15 years on-average. All major customers are serviced
frequently by their sales representatives. 

Our innovative retail product packaging design
is also a highly effective marketing tool in direct-to-consumer selling. Featuring quick response (QR) barcode technology, customers
are able to scan product packaging using their smart phone or mobile device to instantly see product information, watch demonstration
videos, or even hear horn demos. There is no need for special in-store displays or additional shelf space as all information is accessible
directly by scanning the product packaging. It is like having a virtual sales associate in-store. Packaging also features scan-back s,
an instant rebate that is applied at the register upon checkout. 

Additional marketing programs include in-store
promotional programs for customers, e-commerce via our website, as well as email blasts and customer print catalogs. We mail print and/or
electronic CD catalogs to established accounts every 18 months with new product information inserted via supplemental sell-sheets. New
product launches and updates are also sent to customers via email blast periodically. 

We exhibit at key industry and customer tradeshows
and belongs to the National Marine Manufacturers Association and American Boat and Yacht Council. 

Customers 

We sell products to the automobile aftermarket,
national retailers, direct-to-consumer, mail order, web-based retailers, public safety equipment wholesalers, industrial wholesalers,
as well as the motorcycle and marine aftermarkets. 

We have a diverse customer base, including
Amazon, AutoZone, Advanced Auto Parts, CarQuest, Aries, das, Grainger, FleetFarm and J P Cycles. Internationally, we sell products
in Canada, Mexico, Europe, and Amsterdam. Most of our online customers such as Amazon ship direct internationally. A majority of our sales
are made to repeat customers, with many of our customer relationships spanning more than 10 years. We believe that our customers appreciate
the ease of doing business with all orders placed electronically via electronic data interchange, or EDI. 

In recent years, we have entered into the motorcycle
and industrial (fleet maintenance) aftermarkets, as well a product line of horns for the marine parts aftermarket. 

35 

Order Fulfillment 

Our efficient fulfillment process uses an intergraded
EDI system for receiving orders, advanced shipping notices and invoicing. The custom software is integral in reducing manual order entry,
as well the prevention of errors. 

Implementing an EDI system has allowed us to
improve our fulfillment threshold rate, as well as avoid fines from customers for order fulfillment errors and fill rate.
The following diagram illustrates our order fulfillment process. 

Research and Development 

For the development of new products, we have
implemented a streamlined R D process. The average R D process from initial design to sending a product sample for tooling is
approximately 6-12 months. 

Step
 1: Identify and confirm a problem and/or need for a product 

Step
 2: Draw up many possible solutions and discuss with sales manager and warehouse manager,
 whose focus in on the market demand 

Step
 3: Narrow down to the three best options and create handmade prototype to test which solution
 works best. 

Step
 4: Send sample prototype to patent attorney to determine ability to patent and send hand
 sample to a draftsman for 3D drawing 

Step
 5: The 3D drawing is approved, and a 3D print is made. The 3D print sample is tested, and
 any necessary modifications are made 

Step
 6: The 3D drawing and printed sample are sent to one of our suppliers to start the tooling
 process 

Competition 

The sale of automotive aftermarket items is highly
competitive in many areas, including customer service, product availability, store location, brand recognition and price. We believe
that we have established our brand as an industry-leader in developing innovative products for the automobile aftermarket industry, especially
in horn design and technology (electric, air, truck, marine, motorcycle and industrial equipment). Current competitors in related industries
are FIAMM, Grote, Peterson Manufacturing Company, ECCO, Vixen Horns, HornBlasters and Klienn. 

36 

Competitive Advantages 

Based on management s belief and experience
in the industry, we believe that the following competitive strengths enable us to compete effectively. 

Established
 name and reputation . We believe that we have maintained our excellent reputation
 in the industry for over 55 years through bringing exclusive products and designs to market
 to meet current and future needs. 

Patents and trademarks . We have been granted 51 patents from the U.S., China, Taiwan and the EU. About half of our patents are utility patents, which protect a products methods of functionality. Utility patents are a difficult barrier for competitors to overcome, therefore these products have a higher profit margin. The other half of our patents are design patents. 

Long-term
 supplier and customer relationships . We have established relationships with our vendors,
 with many of these relationships spanning more than 15 years, and a majority of our sales
 are made to repeat customers, with many of our customer relationships spanning more than
 10 years. 

International
 licensing agreements . We have a licensing agreement with a large wholesale supplier
 of auto parts in the U.K. for our patented Bad Boy Horn. The U.K. supplier also has retail
 chain stores and this agreement has been generating year-over-year sales growth for us. 

Growth Strategies 

Management sees the below as the key initiatives for our continued
growth strategy: 

Increase
 sales through new products and online marketing . We are aggressively pursuing our
 current market share and building sales by adding new products to existing accounts. Additionally,
 we will continue to expand our online sales platforms which include Wolo-mfg.com, Wolo-USA.com,
 Autozone.com, Amazon.com, BestAutoAccessories.com and Autoaccessoriesgarage.com, among others.
 There also exists significant growth potential in the purchasing of available key URL s
 and implementing enhanced search engine optimization strategies. 

Expand
 into traditional market and original equipment replacement horns. The automotive
 aftermarket has multiple channels of distribution, and one in which we have limited distribution
 is the traditional channel. This channel distributes products through wholesale warehouse
 distributors such as Federated Auto Parts, Pronto Auto Parts, Bumper-To-Bumper and Auto Value.
 Traditional distribution primarily services the DIFM (Do-It-For-Me) or professional installers.
 Most of the products sold are direct original equipment replacement parts which are researched
 based on year/make/model of the vehicle needing parts. We have limited distribution into
 the traditional channel, primarily due to the fact that there are no original equipment replacement
 horns in our product offerings. We believe that with minor product enhancements, we can offer
 products to serve this channel and improve market share into the traditional channel. 

Expand
 into growing international markets . Currently, we sell our products in the US, Canada,
 Mexico, Europe and the Middle East. We believe that there is great growth opportunity in Mexico. Additionally, we
 have identified Canada and the Netherlands as expansion markets specifically for our Motorcycle
 Air Horn. 

Additional
 focus on the municipal and public safety markets . We have identified a significant
 demand for certified warning lights within the municipal and public safety markets. The certification
 of existing products is immediately possible and very cost effective. 

Grow
 presence within the marine marketplace . We see immediate growth opportunities existing
 within the marine market with certified horns that meet US Coast Guard regulations and other
 regulatory standards. 

Intellectual Property 

We have been granted 51 patents from the United
States, China, Taiwan and the EU. About half of our patents are utility patents, which protect a product s methods of functionality.
Utility patents are a difficult barrier for competitors to overcome, therefore these products have a higher profit margin. The other half
of our patents are design patents. 

We have trademarks registered in the United States
and various countries for some of our core properties, including Taiwan, amongst others. 

Our intellectual property, including patents,
trademarks, service marks, domain names, copyrights and trade secrets, is an important part of our business. To protect our intellectual
property, we rely on a combination of laws and regulations, in addition to intellectual property rights in the United States and other
jurisdictions, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secret laws, together with contractual provisions and technical measures
that we have implemented. To protect our trade secrets, we maintain strict control access to our proprietary systems and technology.
We also enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with employees and consultants, as well as confidentiality and
non-disclosure agreements with third parties that provide products and services to us. 

37 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we employed 15 employees,
including 11 hourly employees. None of our employees are represented by labor unions, and we believe that we have an excellent relationship
with our employees. 

Regulation 

We are subject to various federal, state, and
local laws and governmental regulations relating to the operation of our business, including those related to labor and employment, discrimination,
anti-bribery/anti-corruption, product quality and safety standards, data privacy and taxes. Compliance with any such laws and regulations
has not had a material adverse effect on our operations to date. 

EYEWEAR PRODUCTS BUSINESS 

Our eyewear products business is operated by
ICU Eyewear, which we acquired in the first quarter of 2023. 

Overview 

ICU Eyewear, which was founded in 1956 and is
headquartered in Hollister, California, is a leading designer of over-the-counter, or OTC, non-prescription reading glasses, sunglasses,
blue light blocking eyewear, sun readers and outdoor specialty sunglasses, as well as select health and personal care items, such as
surgical face masks. We sell our products to big-box national retail chains, through various distributors, as well as online direct to
consumer sales. We believe that we are the only OTC eyewear supplier in the U.S. to have meaningful penetration in all significant retail
channels including grocery, specialty, office supply, pharmacy, and outdoor sports stores. 

Products 

We design and sell a broad range of products comprised
of OTC reader eyeglasses, blue light blocking eyewear, sun readers, outdoor specialty sunglasses, and accessories. 

Reader Eyeglasses and Specialty Sunglasses 

We design and sell an extensive selection of
OTC non-prescription reading glasses, sunglasses, sun reading glasses, as well as active and sport sunglasses. Our distinctive eyewear
is marketed under several distinct brand names, each of which addresses a particular product category and price point. 

Our brand names include ICU Eyewear, 
 Studio by ICU Eyewear, ICU Eco Eyewear, Dr. Dean, Wink by ICU Eyewear, SOL, 
 Fisherman, Guideline Eyegear, ICU Health, and Screen Vision. Most of our sales
come from the ICU Eyewear Brand. 

We believe that our distinctive eyewear and eyewear
merchandising has led to our success as an OTC eyewear provider at Target, as well as becoming the exclusive provider of personal care
products to Target. 

Eyeglass Accessories 

We have an array of existing eye health and accessories
products, including contact lens cases and spray lens cleaners that we sell in tandem with our existing eyeglasses products. 

38 

Personal Care Items 

In 2020, we began selling personal care items
such as surgical face masks and other personal protective equipment, or PPE, to serve the needs of our existing and new customers. We
sold both surgical masks as well as the N95 respirators to the United States government, as well as private retailers. In 2021, this
business continued, with large retailers continuing to place significant orders and committing to purchase masks and other personal care
categories, through at least 2023. 

We also sell a variety of products, including
eye masks, eye pillows, white noise machines, and reusable silicone earplugs through our brand Sleep Well by ICU. The products
in our Sleep Well line also include bath salts, bath bombs, body butters, and vapor drops. 

Manufacturing 

All of our manufacturing is outsourced to contract
manufacturers. We believe we have developed meaningful, long-term relationships with our manufacturing vendors, some of which have worked
with us for over 20 years, and which provide valuable collaboration in new product development ideas and formulations. 

We believe that our high-quality standards for
our products ensure that customers are receiving the best products on the market. Our Hollister, California facility shipped 5.7 million
units in 2022 and has the capacity to ship up to 10 million units per year across an array of product categories, made possible by our
partnerships with our suppliers. Our manufacturing operations are designed to allow low-cost production of a wide variety of products
while maintaining a high level of customer service and quality. 

We believe that our manufacturing facilities
generally have sufficient capacity to meet our current business requirements and our currently anticipated sales. 

Vendor/Supplier Relationships 

We have developed long term relationships with
our top four contact manufacturers based in China, Taiwan and the United States. All materials are sourced by the contract manufacturers.
The following table sets forth the vendors and suppliers that accounted for more than 10 of our purchases for the year ended December
31, 2022: 

Supplier 
 Product 
 Total 
 Purchases 
 (2021) 
 Total 
 Purchases 
 (2022) 
 Percent of 
 Purchases 
 (2022) 
 
 Contour Optik Inc. 
 Reading Glasses 
 4,453,915 
 4,118,692 
 49 
 
 Prosben Inc. 
 Accessories/ Private Label 
 1,027,890 
 1,294,240 
 15 
 
 Indiana Face Mask 
 PPE 
 140,550 
 1,645,479 
 19 

While we work primarily with a small, select
group of trusted partners to ensure our quality and reliability, we are under no exclusive supplier contracts, and we have working relationships
with a variety of second-source alternatives for all product manufacturing needs. 

We believe that our strong relationships with
suppliers yield high quality, competitive pricing and overall good service to our customers. Although we cannot be sure that our sources
of supply will be adequate in all circumstances, we believe that we can develop alternate sources in a timely and cost-effective manner
if our current sources become inadequate. Due to the availability of numerous alternative suppliers, we do not believe that the loss
of any single supplier would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. See Item
1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Eyewear Products Business for a description of the risks related to our
supplier relationships. 

Sales and Marketing 

Our innovative retail product packaging design
is also a highly effective marketing tool. We use intuitive merchandizing displays to show the full color spectrum and product choices
of our offering in retail locations. Our eyeglass products are designed to be displayed in a way that is easier to take off, try, package,
and replace each product, as compared to historical tagged eyewear products. Our branded assortments of differentiated fashion forward
product lines are specifically curated for each individual, channel, and retail partner. 

We also market our certificated carbon neutral
status, as well as our eco-friendly reading glasses that are made from recycled plastic, recycled metal, and bamboo. 

39 

Additional marketing programs may include in-store
promotional programs for customers, e-commerce via our website and Amazon.com, as well as email blasts. New product launches and updates
are also sent to customers via email blast periodically. 

We exhibit at key industry and customer tradeshows
and belong to the Vision Council. 

Customers 

We sell products to national retailers, direct-to-consumer,
web-based retailers, and industrial wholesalers. 

We serve multiple large customers, including
Amazon, Raley s, Publix, Whole Foods and Target. Most of our online customers such as Amazon ship
direct. A majority of our sales are made to repeat customers, with many of our retail customer relationships spanning more than 10
years. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had sales agreements
in place with most of our customers, including all national and midsize accounts. Sales agreements specify new store allowances,
terms of sale (discounts), annual stock adjustment, freight routing, company trade shows, rebates, and advertising programs. Agreement
lengths and renewal terms are based on the individual customer relationship. 

In 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we entered
a personal care products market for PPE and other health products, where we sold products to our large retail customers, such as Target,
as well as the United States government. 

Competition 

The OTC eyewear products and accessories industry
is highly competitive with product availability, store location, brand recognition, and price being the principal competitive factors.
We believe that we have established our brand as an industry-leader in the marketing and sale of OTC eyeglasses and eyeglass products
for the retail and direct to consumer industries, especially for reading glasses and sunglasses. Current competitors in related industries
are Foster Grant, SAV Eyewear, Eyebobs, Peepers, Blue Gem, Sees Eyewear, Modo, and EyeOs. 

Many of our current
competitors have, and potential competitors may have, longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger fulfillment infrastructures,
greater technical capabilities, faster and less costly shipping, significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources and larger
customer bases than we do. 

Competitive Advantages 

Based on management s belief and experience
in the industry, we believe that the following competitive strengths enable us to compete effectively. 

Established
 name and reputation . We believe that we have maintained our excellent reputation
 in the industry for over 67 years through bringing unique products and eyeglass designs to
 the market to meet current and future needs. 

Trademarks
 and brands . We have been granted 19 trademarks in the United States, relating to
 each of our specialized brands. We believe that our brands provide unique and distinct focuses,
 each of which provides products in a distinctive product category, retail channel, and for
 a particular price point. 

Long-term
 supplier and customer relationships . We have established relationships with our vendors,
 with many of these relationships spanning more than 20 years, and the majority of our sales
 are to our established retail partners, with many of our customer relationships lasting over
 10 years. Our partnership with companies like Target and Raley s enables us to provide
 quality products to trusted and repeated customers. We believe that we are the only OTC eyewear
 supplier to have meaningful penetration in all significant retail channels, including office
 supply, outdoor brands, and natural grocery channels. 

40 

Growth Strategies 

Management sees the below as the key initiatives
for our continued growth strategy: 

Increase
 sales through new products and online marketing . We are aggressively pursuing our
 current market share and building sales by adding new products to our existing range. We
 look to expand distribution of our new blue light blocking eyewear, which was initially released
 in Target in April 2018, under our Screen Vision by ICU Eyewear brand. Additionally,
 we will continue to expand our online sales platform, including our website and Amazon.com,
 among others. 

Expand
 to new retail partners. The eyeglass product market may have multiple channels of
 distribution, one of which is the retail product market. Presently, this channel distributes
 the majority of our products to our customers, primarily through our contracts with Target,
 Office Depot, and Raley s. We plan to expand our products to new customers, with the
 goal of partnering with other large retailers. 

Acquisition. We are targeting small to mid-size eyewear companies that have products and or channels to complement our current product and customer mix which will increase gross revenue and realize the benefits of economies of scale and scope. 

Intellectual Property 

We have 17 trademarks registered in the United
States for our brands and brand names. 

Our intellectual property, including trademarks,
service marks, domain names, and trade secrets, is an important part of our business. To protect our intellectual property, we rely on
a combination of laws and regulations, in addition to intellectual property rights in the United States, including trademarks and trade
secret laws, together with contractual provisions and technical measures that we have implemented. To protect our trade secrets, we maintain
strict control access to our proprietary systems and technology. We also enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements
with employees and consultants, as well as confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with third parties that provide products and
services to us. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we employed 29 employees,
including 13 hourly employees. None of our employees are represented by labor unions, and we believe that we have an excellent relationship
with our employees. 

Regulation 

We are subject to various federal, state and
local laws and governmental regulations relating to the operation of our business, including those related to labor and employment, discrimination,
anti-bribery/anti-corruption, product quality and safety standards, data privacy and taxes. Compliance with any such laws and regulations
has not had a material adverse effect on our operations to date. 

41 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider all of the risks described below, together with all of the other information
contained or referred to in this report, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following
events occur, our financial condition, business and results of operations (including cash flows) may be materially adversely affected.
In that event, the market price of our shares could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Structure

The COVID-19 pandemic may cause a material
adverse effect on our business. 

In December 2019, a novel coronavirus disease,
or COVID-19, was initially reported and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. COVID-19
has had a widespread and detrimental effect on the global economy as a result of the continued increase in the number of cases and affected
countries and actions by public health and governmental authorities, businesses, other organizations, and individuals to address the
outbreak, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place, stay at home or total lock-down orders and business
limitations and shutdowns. 

Despite recent developments of vaccines, the duration and severity
of COVID-19, mutations and possible additional mutations and the degree of their impact on our business is uncertain and difficult to
predict. The continued spread of the outbreak could result in one or more of the following conditions that could have a material adverse
impact on our business operations and financial condition: delays or difficulty sourcing certain products and raw materials; increased
costs for such products and raw materials; and loss of productivity due to employee absences. Notably, approximately 90 of Wolo s
vendor base is located in China. The pandemic issues impacting ports in the U.S. due to lack of personnel has had a ripple effect on Chinese
suppliers. Containers are slow to be emptied in the U.S., causing a backlog of ships waiting to get into ports and limiting containers
and ships returning to China. The lack of containers and available space on ships has escalated shipping costs by over 400 from 2020.
Our inability to respond to and manage the potential impact of such events effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our efforts to help mitigate the negative impact
of the outbreak on our business may not be effective, and we may be affected by a protracted economic downturn. Furthermore, while many
governmental authorities around the world have and continue to enact legislation to address the impact of COVID-19, including measures
intended to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects of the virus, we may not benefit from such legislation, or
such legislation may prove to be ineffective in addressing COVID-19 s impact on our and our customer s businesses and operations.
Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience impacts to our business as a result of COVID-19 s
global economic impact and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. Further, as the COVID-19 situation is unprecedented
and continuously evolving, COVID-19 may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us
or in a manner that we currently do not consider that may present significant risks to our operations. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may
impact our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted as of the date of this report.
Nevertheless, the pandemic and the current financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in the global
supply chain and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

Our auditors have issued a going concern
opinion on our audited financial statements. 

Although our audited financial statements for
the year ended December 31, 2022 were prepared under the assumption that we would continue our operations as a going concern, the
report of our independent registered public accounting firm that accompanies our financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2022 contains a going concern qualification in which such firm expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern,
based on the financial statements at that time. We have generated losses since inception and have relied on cash on hand, sales of securities,
external bank lines of credit, and issuance of third-party and related party debt to support cashflow from operations. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, we incurred operating losses of 10,801,913 (before deducting losses attributable to non-controlling interests)
and cash flows used in operations of 4,131,477. 

However, management believes, based on our operating
plan, that current working capital and current and expected additional financing is sufficient to fund operations and satisfy our obligations
as they come due for at least one year from the financial statement issuance date. However, we do
believe additional funds are required to execute our business plan and our strategy of acquiring additional businesses. The funds required
to execute our business plan will depend on the size, capital structure and purchase price consideration that the seller of a target business
deems acceptable in a given transaction. The amount of funds needed to execute our business plan also depends on what portion of the purchase
price of a target business the seller of that business is willing to take in the form of seller notes or our equity or equity in one of
our subsidiaries. 

42 

Although we do not believe that we will require
additional cash to continue our operations over the next twelve months, there are no assurances that we will be able to raise our revenues
to a level which supports profitable operations and provides sufficient funds to pay obligations in the future. Our prior losses have
had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition, continued operations and our ability to acquire
additional businesses may be dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing in the future, and there are no assurances that such
financing will be available to us at all or will be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do
not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate additional funds in the
future through our operations, financings or from other sources or transactions, we will exhaust our resources and will be unable to continue
operations. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our shareholders would likely lose most or all of their investment in us. 

We may not be able to effectively
integrate the businesses that we acquire. 

Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits
of acquisitions will depend on our ability to integrate those businesses with our own. The combination of multiple independent businesses
is a complex, costly and time-consuming process and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate businesses
into our business, or if such integration is successfully accomplished, that such integration will not be costlier or take longer than
presently contemplated. Integration of future acquisitions may include various risks and uncertainties, including the factors discussed
in the paragraph below. If we cannot successfully integrate and manage the businesses within a reasonable time, we may not be able to
realize the potential and anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, which could have a material adverse effect on our share price, business,
cash flows, results of operations and financial position. 

We will consider other acquisitions that we believe
will complement, strengthen and enhance our growth. We evaluate opportunities on a preliminary basis from time to time, but these transactions
may not advance beyond the preliminary stages or be completed. Such acquisitions are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including: 

the inability to integrate effectively the operations, products,
technologies and personnel of the acquired companies (some of which are in diverse geographic regions) and achieve expected synergies; 

the potential disruption of existing business and diversion
of management s attention from day-to-day operations; 

the inability to maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures
and policies; 

the need or obligation to divest portions of the acquired
companies; 

the potential failure to identify material problems and liabilities
during due diligence review of acquisition targets; 

the potential failure to obtain sufficient indemnification
rights to fully offset possible liabilities associated with acquired businesses; and 

the challenges associated with operating in new geographic
regions. 

Our future success is dependent on the
employees of our manager, our manager s operating partners and the management team of our business, the loss of any of whom could
materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

Our future success depends, to a significant
extent, on the continued services of the employees of our manager. The loss of their services may materially adversely affect our ability
to manage the operations of our businesses. The employees of our manager may leave our manager and go to companies that compete with
us in the future. In addition, we depend on the assistance provided by our manager s operating partners in evaluating, performing
diligence on and managing our businesses. The loss of any employees of our manager or any of our manager s operating partners may
materially adversely affect our ability to implement or maintain our management strategy or our acquisition strategy. 

The future success of our existing and future
businesses also depends on the respective management teams of those businesses because we intend to operate our businesses on a stand-alone
basis, primarily relying on their existing management teams for day-to-day operations. Consequently, their operational success, as well
as the success of any organic growth strategy, will be dependent on the continuing efforts of the management teams of our businesses.
We will seek to provide these individuals with equity incentives and to have employment agreements with certain persons we have identified
as key to their businesses. However, these measures may not prevent these individuals from leaving their employment. The loss of services
of one or more of these individuals may materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

We may experience difficulty as we evaluate,
acquire and integrate businesses that we may acquire, which could result in drains on our resources, including the attention of our management,
and disruptions of our on-going business. 

We acquire small businesses in various industries.
Generally, because such businesses are privately held, we may experience difficulty in evaluating potential target businesses as much
of the information concerning these businesses is not publicly available. Therefore, our estimates and assumptions used to evaluate the
operations, management and market risks with respect to potential target businesses may be subject to various risks and uncertainties.
Further, the time and costs associated with identifying and evaluating potential target businesses and their industries may cause a substantial
drain on our resources and may divert our management team s attention away from the operations of our businesses for significant
periods of time. 

In addition, we may have difficulty effectively
integrating and managing acquisitions. The management or improvement of businesses we acquire may be hindered by a number of factors,
including limitations in the standards, controls, procedures and policies implemented in connection with such acquisitions. Further,
the management of an acquired business may involve a substantial reorganization of the business operations resulting in the loss
of employees and customers or the disruption of our ongoing businesses. We may experience greater than expected costs or difficulties
relating to an acquisition, in which case, we might not achieve the anticipated returns from any particular acquisition. 

43 

We face competition for businesses that
fit our acquisition strategy and, therefore, we may have to acquire targets at sub-optimal prices or, alternatively, forego certain acquisition
opportunities. 

We have been formed to acquire and manage small
businesses. In pursuing such acquisitions, we expect to face strong competition from a wide range of other potential purchasers. Although
the pool of potential purchasers for such businesses is typically smaller than for larger businesses, those potential purchasers can
be aggressive in their approach to acquiring such businesses. Furthermore, we expect that we may need to use third-party financing in
order to fund some or all of these potential acquisitions, thereby increasing our acquisition costs. To the extent that other potential
purchasers do not need to obtain third-party financing or are able to obtain such financing on more favorable terms, they may be in a
position to be more aggressive with their acquisition proposals. As a result, in order to be competitive, our acquisition proposals may
need to be aggressively priced, including at price levels that exceed what we originally determined to be fair or appropriate. Alternatively,
we may determine that we cannot pursue on a cost-effective basis what would otherwise be an attractive acquisition opportunity. 

We may not be able to successfully fund
acquisitions due to the unavailability of debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, which could impede the implementation of our
acquisition strategy. 

In order to make acquisitions, we intend to raise
capital primarily through debt financing, primarily at our operating company level, additional equity offerings, the sale of equity or
assets of our businesses, offering equity in our company or our businesses to the sellers of target businesses or by undertaking a combination
of any of the above. Because the timing and size of acquisitions cannot be readily predicted, we may need to be able to obtain funding
on short notice to benefit fully from attractive acquisition opportunities. Such funding may not be available on acceptable terms. In
addition, the level of our indebtedness may impact our ability to borrow at our company level. The sale of additional shares of any class
of equity will also be subject to market conditions and investor demand for such shares at prices that may not be in the best interest
of our shareholders. These risks may materially adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition strategy. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions
or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and
results of operations. 

Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or
other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services
industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have
in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB,
was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation,
or the FDIC, as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank Corp., or Signature, and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each
swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC indicated
that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured
deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature or
any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. 

Although we do not have any funds deposited with
SVB, Signature Bank or any financial institution currently in receivership, we regularly maintain cash balances with other financial institutions
in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. A failure of a depository institution to return deposits could impact access
to our invested cash or cash equivalents and could adversely impact our operating liquidity and financial performance. Furthermore, if
any of our partners, suppliers or other parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds with such a financial institution,
such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments
to us could be adversely affected. In this regard, counterparties to credit agreements and arrangements with these financial institutions,
and third parties such as beneficiaries of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts from the closure of these financial
institutions and uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. Similar impacts have occurred
in the past, such as during the 2008-2010 financial crisis. 

44 

Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates
have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest
rates. Although the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25
billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate
the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of
financial institutions for immediately liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. 

Our access to funding sources and other credit
arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly
impaired by factors that affect us, any financial institutions with which we enter into credit agreements or arrangements directly, or
the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints
or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions
or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies
in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which
we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry
generally. 

The results of events or concerns that involve
one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations
and our financial condition and results of operations. These risks include, but may not be limited to, the following: 

delayed access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial
assets; 

inability to enter into credit facilities or other working capital resources; 

potential or actual breach of contractual obligations that require us to maintain letters of credit or
other credit support arrangements; or 

termination of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject
to cash management arrangements. 

In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S.
or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs
and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more
difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity
resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses or other obligations, financial or otherwise,
result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations, or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any
of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors, could have material
adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, any further deterioration in the
macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by our partners, vendors or suppliers, which in
turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial
condition. For example, a partner may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare
bankruptcy, or a supplier may determine that it will no longer deal with us as a customer. In addition, a vendor or supplier could be
adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts
on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing
credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. The bankruptcy or insolvency of any partner, vendor or supplier,
or the failure of any partner to make payments when due, or any breach or default by a partner, vendor or supplier, or the loss of any
significant supplier relationships, could cause us to suffer material losses and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

We may change our management and acquisition
strategies without the consent of our shareholders, which may result in a determination by us to pursue riskier business activities.

We may change our strategy at any time without
the consent of our shareholders, which may result in our acquiring businesses or assets that are different from, and possibly riskier
than, the strategy described in this report. A change in our strategy may increase our exposure to interest rate and currency fluctuations,
subject us to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which we refer to as the Investment Company Act, or subject
us to other risks and uncertainties that affect our operations and profitability. 

45 

If we are unable to generate sufficient
cash flow from the anticipated dividends and interest payments that we expect to receive from our businesses, we may not be able to make
distributions to our shareholders. 

Our primary business is the holding and managing
of controlling interests our operating businesses. Therefore, we will be dependent upon the ability of our businesses to generate cash
flows and, in turn, distribute cash to us in the form of interest and principal payments on indebtedness and distributions on equity
to enable us, first, to satisfy our financial obligations and, second, to make distributions to our common shareholders. The ability
of our businesses to make payments to us may also be subject to limitations under laws of the jurisdictions in which they are incorporated
or organized. If, as a consequence of these various restrictions or otherwise, we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from our
businesses, we may not be able to declare, or may have to delay or cancel payment of, distributions to our common shareholders. 

In addition, the put price and profit allocation
will be payment obligations and, as a result, will be senior in right to the payment of any distributions to our shareholders. Further,
we are required to make a profit allocation to our manager upon satisfaction of applicable conditions to payment. See Item 1 Business Our
Manager Our Manager as an Equity Holder for more information about our manager s put right and profit allocation. 

Our loans with third parties contain certain
terms that could materially adversely affect our financial condition. 

We and our subsidiaries are parties to certain
loans with third parties, which are secured by the assets of our subsidiaries. The loans agreements contain customary representations,
warranties and affirmative and negative financial and other covenants. If an event of default were to occur under any of these loans,
the lender thereto may pursue all remedies available to it, including declaring the obligations under its respective loan immediately
due and payable, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition. See Item 7 Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for further discussion
regarding our borrowing activities. 

In the future, we may seek to enter into
other credit facilities to help fund our acquisition capital and working capital needs. These credit facilities may expose us to additional
risks associated with leverage and may inhibit our operating flexibility and reduce cash flow available for payment of distributions
to our shareholders. 

We may seek to enter into other credit facilities
with third-party lenders to help fund our acquisitions. Such credit facilities will likely require us to pay a commitment fee on the
undrawn amount and will likely contain a number of affirmative and restrictive covenants. 

46 

If we violate any such covenants, our lenders
could accelerate the maturity of any debt outstanding and we may be prohibited from making any distributions to our shareholders. Such
debt may be secured by our assets, including the stock we may own in businesses that we acquire and the rights we have under intercompany
loan agreements that we may enter into with our businesses. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations may be affected by events
beyond our control and will depend primarily upon cash produced by businesses that we currently manage and may acquire in the future
and distributed or paid to us. Any failure to comply with the terms of our indebtedness may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition. 

In addition, we expect that such credit facilities
will bear interest at floating rates which will generally change as interest rates change. We will bear the risk that the rates that
we are charged by our lenders will increase faster than we can grow the cash flow from our businesses or businesses that we may acquire
in the future, which could reduce profitability, materially adversely affect our ability to service our debt, cause us to breach covenants
contained in our third-party credit facilities and reduce cash flow available for distribution. 

We may engage in a business transaction
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with our executive officers, our directors, our manager, our manager s
employees or our manager s operating partners, or any of their respective affiliates, which may create or present conflicts of
interest. 

We may decide to engage in a business transaction
with one or more target businesses with which our executive officers, our directors, our manager, our manager s employees, our
manager s operating partners, or any of their respective affiliates, have a relationship, which may create or present conflicts
of interest. Regardless of whether we obtain a fairness opinion from an independent investment banking firm with respect to such a transaction,
conflicts of interest may still exist with respect to a particular acquisition and, as a result, the terms of the acquisition of a target
business may not be as advantageous to our shareholders as it would have been absent any conflicts of interest. 

The operational objectives and business
plans of our businesses may conflict with our operational and business objectives or with the plans and objective of another business
we own and operate. 

Our businesses operate in different industries
and face different risks and opportunities depending on market and economic conditions in their respective industries and regions. A
business operational objectives and business plans may not be similar to our objectives and plans or the objectives and plans
of another business that we own and operate. This could create competing demands for resources, such as management attention and funding
needed for operations or acquisitions, in the future. 

If, in the future, we cease to control
and operate our businesses or other businesses that we acquire in the future or engage in certain other activities, we may be deemed
to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

We have the ability to make investments in businesses
that we will not operate or control. If we make significant investments in businesses that we do not operate or control, or that we cease
to operate or control, or if we commence certain investment-related activities, we may be deemed to be an investment company under the
Investment Company Act. Our decision to sell a business will be based upon financial, operating and other considerations rather than
a plan to complete a sale of a business within any specific time frame. If we were deemed to be an investment company, we would either
have to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, obtain exemptive relief from the SEC or modify our investments
or organizational structure or our contract rights to fall outside the definition of an investment company. Registering as an investment
company could, among other things, materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations, materially
limit our ability to borrow funds or engage in other transactions involving leverage and require us to add directors who are independent
of us or our manager and otherwise will subject us to additional regulation that will be costly and time-consuming. 

We have identified material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may
not be able to accurately report our financial results and prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose
confidence in our financial statements, which would harm the trading price of our common shares. 

Companies that file reports with the SEC, including
us, are subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX 404. SOX 404 requires management to establish
and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting and annual reports on Form 10-K filed under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, to contain a report from management assessing the effectiveness of a company s internal
control over financial reporting. Separately, under SOX 404, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act of 2010, public companies that are large accelerated filers or accelerated filers must include in their annual reports on Form 10-K
an attestation report of their regular auditors attesting to and reporting on management s assessment of internal control over
financial reporting. Non-accelerated filers and smaller reporting companies, like us, are not required to include an attestation report
of their auditors in annual reports. 

47 

A report of our management is included under
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures . We are a smaller reporting company and, consequently, are not required to
include an attestation report of our auditor in our annual report. However, if and when we become subject to the auditor attestation
requirements under SOX 404, we can provide no assurance that we will receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors. 

During its evaluation of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management identified material weaknesses. These material weaknesses
were associated with our lack of (i) appropriate policies and procedures to evaluate the proper accounting and disclosures of key documents
and agreements, (ii) adequate segregation of duties with our limited accounting personnel and reliance upon outsourced accounting services
and (iii) sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the
application of GAAP commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. We are undertaking remedial measures, which measures
will take time to implement and test, to address these material weaknesses. There can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient
to remedy the material weaknesses identified or that additional material weaknesses or other control or significant deficiencies will
not be identified in the future. If we continue to experience material weaknesses in our internal controls or fail to maintain or implement
required new or improved controls, such circumstances could cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in
material misstatements in our financial statements, or adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and, if required,
annual auditor attestation reports. Each of the foregoing results could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information and lead to a decline in our share price. 

Risks Related to Our Retail and Appliances
Business 

If we fail to acquire new customers or
retain existing customers, or fail to do so in a cost-effective manner, we may not be able to achieve profitability. 

Our success depends on our ability to acquire
and retain customers in a cost-effective manner. We have made significant investments related to customer acquisition and expect to continue
to spend significant amounts to acquire additional customers. We cannot assure you that the net profit from new customers we acquire
will ultimately exceed the cost of acquiring those customers. If we fail to deliver a quality shopping experience, or if consumers do
not perceive the products we offer to be of high value and quality, we may not be able to acquire new customers. If we are unable to
acquire new customers who purchase products in numbers sufficient to grow our business, we may not be able to generate the scale necessary
to drive beneficial network effects with our suppliers or efficiencies in our logistics network, our net revenue may decrease, and our
business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 

We believe that many of our new customers originate
from word-of-mouth and other non-paid referrals from existing customers. Therefore, we must ensure that our existing customers remain
loyal to us in order to continue receiving those referrals. If our efforts to satisfy our existing customers are not successful, we may
not be able to acquire new customers in sufficient numbers to continue to grow our business, or we may be required to incur significantly
higher marketing expenses in order to acquire new customers. 

Our success depends in part on our ability
to increase our net revenue per active customer. If our efforts to increase customer loyalty and repeat purchasing as well as maintain
high levels of customer engagement are not successful, our growth prospects and revenue will be materially adversely affected. 

Our ability to grow our business depends on our
ability to retain our existing customer base and generate increased revenue and repeat purchases from this customer base, and maintain
high levels of customer engagement. To do this, we must continue to provide our customers and potential customers with a unified, convenient,
efficient and differentiated shopping experience by: 

providing imagery, tools and technology that attract customers
who historically would have bought elsewhere; 

maintaining a high-quality and diverse portfolio of products; 

delivering products on time and without damage; and 

maintaining and further developing our in-store and online
platforms. 

If we fail to increase net revenue per active
customer, generate repeat purchases or maintain high levels of customer engagement, our growth prospects, operating results and financial
condition could be materially adversely affected. 

48 

Our business depends on our ability
to build and maintain strong brands. We may not be able to maintain and enhance our brands if we receive unfavorable customer complaints,
negative publicity or otherwise fail to live up to consumers expectations, which could materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations and growth prospects. 

Maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical
to expanding our base of customers and suppliers. Our ability to maintain and enhance our brand depends largely on our ability to maintain
customer confidence in our product and service offerings, including by delivering products on time and without damage. If customers do
not have a satisfactory shopping experience, they may seek out alternative offerings from our competitors and may not return to our stores
and sites as often in the future, or at all. In addition, unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, our practices relating to privacy
and data protection, product quality, delivery problems, competitive pressures, litigation or regulatory activity, could seriously harm
our reputation. Such negative publicity also could have an adverse effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of our customer base and
result in decreased revenue, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

In addition, maintaining and enhancing these
brands may require us to make substantial investments, and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to promote and maintain
our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially
adversely affected. We anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brands may become
increasingly difficult and expensive. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our ability to provide high quality
products to our customers and a reliable, trustworthy and profitable sales channel to our suppliers, which we may not be able to do successfully. 

Customer complaints or negative publicity about
our sites, products, delivery times, customer data handling and security practices or customer support, especially on blogs, social media
websites and our sites, could rapidly and severely diminish consumer use of our sites and consumer and supplier confidence in us and
result in harm to our brands. 

Our efforts to expand our business into
new brands, products, services, technologies, and geographic regions will subject us to additional business, legal, financial, and competitive
risks and may not be successful. 

Our business success depends to some extent on
our ability to expand our customer offerings by launching new brands and services and by expanding our existing offerings into new geographies.
Launching new brands and services or expanding geographically requires significant upfront investments, including investments in marketing,
information technology, and additional personnel. We may not be able to generate satisfactory revenue from these efforts to offset these
costs. Any lack of market acceptance of our efforts to launch new brands and services or to expand our existing offerings could have
a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, as we continue to expand
our fulfillment capability or add new businesses with different requirements, our logistics networks become increasingly complex and
operating them becomes more challenging. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our networks effectively. 

We have also entered and may continue to enter
into new markets in which we have limited or no experience, which may not be successful or appealing to our customers. These activities
may present new and difficult technological and logistical challenges, and resulting service disruptions, failures or other quality issues
may cause customer dissatisfaction and harm our reputation and brand. Further, our current and potential competitors in new market segments
may have greater brand recognition, financial resources, longer operating histories and larger customer bases than we do in these areas.
As a result, we may not be successful enough in these newer areas to recoup our investments in them. If this occurs, our business, financial
condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 

If we fail to manage our growth effectively,
our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 

To manage our growth effectively, we must continue
to implement our operational plans and strategies, improve and expand our infrastructure of people and information systems and expand,
train and manage our employee base. We have rapidly increased employee headcount since our inception to support the growth in our business.
To support continued growth, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large number of new employees. We face significant
competition for personnel. Failure to manage our hiring needs effectively or successfully integrate our new hires may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

49 

Additionally, the growth of our business places
significant demands on our operations, as well as our management and other employees. For example, we typically launch hundreds of promotional
events across thousands of products each month on our sites via emails and personalized displays. These events require us to produce
updates of our sites and emails to our customers on a daily basis with different products, photos and text. Any surge in online traffic
and orders associated with such promotional activities places increased strain on our operations, including our logistics network, and
may cause or exacerbate slowdowns or interruptions. The growth of our business may require significant additional resources to meet these
daily requirements, which may not scale in a cost-effective manner or may negatively affect the quality of our sites and customer experience.
We are also required to manage relationships with a growing number of suppliers, customers and other third parties. Our information technology
systems and our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support future growth of our supplier and employee base. If we
are unable to manage the growth of our organization effectively, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially
adversely affected. 

Our ability to obtain continued financing
is critical to the growth of our business. We will need additional financing to fund operations, which additional financing may not be
available on reasonable terms or at all. 

Our future growth, including the potential for
future market expansion will require additional capital. We will consider raising additional funds through various financing sources,
including the procurement of additional commercial debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that such funds will be available
on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to execute our
growth strategy, and operating results may be adversely affected. Any additional debt financing will increase expenses and must be repaid
regardless of operating results and may involve restrictions limiting our operating flexibility. 

Our ability to obtain financing may be impaired
by such factors as the capital markets, both generally and specifically in our industry, which could impact the availability or cost
of future financings. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations,
are not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, we may be required to decrease the pace of, or eliminate, our future product offerings
and market expansion opportunities and potentially curtail operations. 

Our business is highly competitive. Competition
presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. 

Our business is rapidly evolving and intensely
competitive, and we have many competitors in different industries. Our competition includes big box retailers, such as Home Depot, Lowe s
and Costco, specialty retailers, such as TeeVax, Ferguson and Premier Bath and Kitchen, and online marketplaces, such as Amazon. 

We expect competition to continue to increase.
We believe that our ability to compete successfully depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including: 

the size and composition of our customer base; 

the number of suppliers and products we feature; 

our selling and marketing efforts; 

the quality, price and reliability of products we offer; 

the quality and convenience of the shopping experience that
we provide; 

our ability to distribute our products and manage our operations;
and 

our reputation and brand strength. 

Many of our current competitors have, and potential
competitors may have, longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger fulfillment infrastructures, greater technical capabilities,
faster and less costly shipping, significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources and larger customer bases than we do.
These factors may allow our competitors to derive greater net revenue and profits from their existing customer base, acquire customers
at lower costs or respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in consumer habits. These competitors
may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive
pricing policies, which may allow them to build larger customer bases or generate net revenue from their customer bases more effectively
than we do. 

Our success depends, in substantial part,
on our continued ability to market our products through search engines and social media platforms. 

The marketing of our products depends on our
ability to cultivate and maintain cost-effective and otherwise satisfactory relationships with search engines and social media platforms,
including those operated by Google, Facebook, Bing and Yahoo!. These platforms could decide to change their terms and conditions of use
at any time (and without notice) and/or significantly increase their fees. No assurances can be provided that we will be able to maintain
cost-effective and otherwise satisfactory relationships with these platforms and our inability to do so in the case of one or more of
these platforms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

50 

We obtain a significant number of visits via
search engines such as Google, Bing and Yahoo! Search engines frequently change the algorithms that determine the ranking and display
of results of a user s search and may make other changes to the way results are displayed, which can negatively affect the placement
of links and, therefore, reduce the number of visits to our website. The growing use of online ad-blocking software may also impact the
success of our marketing efforts because we may reach a smaller audience and fail to bring more customers to our website, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

System interruptions that impair customer
access to our sites or other performance failures or incidents involving our logistics network, our technology infrastructure or our
critical technology partners could damage our business, reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

The satisfactory performance, reliability and
availability of our sites, transaction processing systems, logistics network, and technology infrastructure are critical to our reputation
and our ability to acquire and retain customers, as well as maintain adequate customer service levels. 

For example, if one of our data centers fails
or suffers an interruption or degradation of services, we could lose customer data and miss order fulfillment deadlines, which could
harm our business. Our systems and operations, including our ability to fulfill customer orders through our logistics network, are also
vulnerable to damage or interruption from inclement weather, fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks,
labor disputes, cyber-attacks, data loss, acts of war, break-ins, earthquake and similar events. In the event of a data center failure,
the move to a back-up could take substantial time, during which time our sites could be completely shut down. Further, our back-up services
may not effectively process spikes in demand, may process transactions more slowly and may not support all of our site s functionality. 

We use complex proprietary software in our technology
infrastructure, which we seek to continually update and improve. We may not always be successful in executing these upgrades and improvements,
and the operation of our systems may be subject to failure. In particular, we have in the past and may in the future experience slowdowns
or interruptions on some or all of our sites when we are updating them, and new technologies or infrastructures may not be fully integrated
with existing systems on a timely basis, or at all. Additionally, if we expand our use of third-party services, including cloud-based
services, our technology infrastructure may be subject to increased risk of slowdown or interruption as a result of integration with
such services and/or failures by such third parties, which are out of our control. Our net revenue depends on the number of visitors
who shop on our sites and the volume of orders we can handle. Unavailability of our sites or reduced order fulfillment performance would
reduce the volume of goods sold and could also materially adversely affect consumer perception of our brand. 

We may experience periodic system interruptions
from time to time. In addition, continued growth in our transaction volume, as well as surges in online traffic and orders associated
with promotional activities or seasonal trends in our business, place additional demands on our technology platform and could cause or
exacerbate slowdowns or interruptions. If there is a substantial increase in the volume of traffic on our sites or the number of orders
placed by customers, we may be required to further expand and upgrade our technology, logistics network, transaction processing systems
and network infrastructure. There can be no assurance that we will be able to accurately project the rate or timing of increases, if
any, in the use of our sites or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate such increases on a timely basis. In
order to remain competitive, we must continue to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our sites, which
is particularly challenging given the rapid rate at which new technologies, customer preferences and expectations and industry standards
and practices are evolving in the e-commerce industry. Accordingly, we redesign and enhance various functions on our sites on a regular
basis, and we may experience instability and performance issues as a result of these changes. 

Any slowdown, interruption or performance failure
of our sites and the underlying technology and logistics infrastructure could harm our business, reputation and our ability to acquire,
retain and serve our customers, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

51 

Our failure or the failure of third-party
service providers to protect our sites, networks and systems against security breaches, or otherwise to protect our confidential information,
could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and operating results. 

We collect, maintain, transmit and store data
about our customers, employees, contractors, suppliers, vendors and others, including credit card information and personally identifiable
information, as well as other confidential and proprietary information. We also employ third-party service providers that store, process
and transmit certain proprietary, personal and confidential information on our behalf. We rely on encryption and authentication technology
licensed from third parties in an effort to securely transmit, encrypt, anonymize or pseudonymize certain confidential and sensitive
information, including credit card numbers. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries or other developments may
result in the whole or partial failure of this technology to protect transaction and personal data or other confidential and sensitive
information from being breached or compromised. Our security measures, and those of our third-party service providers, may not detect
or prevent all attempts to hack our systems, denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, ransom-ware,
social engineering, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored
in or transmitted by our sites, networks and systems or that we or our third-party service providers otherwise maintain, including payment
card systems and human resources management platforms. We and our service providers may not anticipate, discover or prevent all types
of attacks until after they have already been launched, and techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change
frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers. In addition, security breaches can also
occur as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent breaches by our employees or by persons with whom we
have commercial relationships. 

Breaches of our security measures or those of
our third-party service providers or cyber security incidents could result in unauthorized access to our sites, networks and systems;
unauthorized access to and misappropriation of personal information, including consumers and employees personally identifiable
information, or other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves or third parties; limited or terminated access to certain
payment methods or fines or higher transaction fees to use such methods; viruses, worms, spyware or other malware being served from our
sites, networks or systems; deletion or modification of content or the display of unauthorized content on our sites; interruption, disruption
or malfunction of operations; costs relating to breach remediation, deployment or training of additional personnel and protection technologies,
responses to governmental investigations and media inquiries and coverage; engagement of third-party experts and consultants; litigation,
regulatory action and other potential liabilities. If any of these breaches of security occur, our reputation and brand could be damaged,
our business may suffer, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such
breaches and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability. In addition, any party who
is able to illicitly obtain a customer s password could access that customer s transaction data or personal information.
Any compromise or breach of our security measures, or those of our third-party service providers, could violate applicable privacy, data
security and other laws, and cause significant legal and financial exposure, adverse publicity and a loss of confidence in our security
measures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We may need to devote
significant resources to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches, diverting resources from the growth
and expansion of our business. 

We may be subject to product liability
and other similar claims if people or property are harmed by the products we sell. 

Some of the products we sell may expose us to
product liability and other claims and litigation (including class actions) or regulatory action relating to safety, personal injury,
death or environmental or property damage. Some of our agreements with members of our supply chain may not indemnify us from product
liability for a particular product, and some members of our supply chain may not have sufficient resources or insurance to satisfy their
indemnity and defense obligations. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate
for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 

Risks associated with the suppliers from
whom our products are sourced could materially adversely affect our financial performance as well as our reputation and brand. 

We depend on our ability to provide our customers
with a wide range of products from qualified suppliers, many of whom are located in countries outside of the U.S., in a timely and efficient
manner. Political and economic instability, the financial stability of suppliers, suppliers ability to meet our standards, labor
problems experienced by suppliers, the availability or cost of raw materials, merchandise quality issues, currency exchange rates, trade
tariff developments, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation, and other factors relating to our suppliers are
beyond our control. 

52 

Our agreements with most of our suppliers do
not provide for the long-term availability of merchandise or the continuation of particular pricing practices, nor do they usually restrict
such suppliers from selling products to other buyers. There can be no assurance that our current suppliers will continue to seek to sell
us products on current terms or that we will be able to establish new or otherwise extend current supply relationships to ensure product
acquisitions in a timely and efficient manner and on acceptable commercial terms. Our ability to develop and maintain relationships with
reputable suppliers and offer high quality merchandise to our customers is critical to our success. If we are unable to develop and maintain
relationships with suppliers that would allow us to offer a sufficient amount and variety of quality merchandise on acceptable commercial
terms, our ability to satisfy our customers needs, and therefore our long-term growth prospects, would be materially adversely
affected. 

Further, we rely on our suppliers representations
of product quality, safety and compliance with applicable laws and standards. If our suppliers or other vendors violate applicable laws,
regulations or our supplier code of conduct, or implement practices regarded as unethical, unsafe, or hazardous to the environment, it
could damage our reputation and negatively affect our operating results. Further, concerns regarding the safety and quality of products
provided by our suppliers could cause our customers to avoid purchasing those products from us, or avoid purchasing products from us
altogether, even if the basis for the concern is outside of our control. As such, any issue, or perceived issue, regarding the quality
and safety of any items we sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our brand, reputation, operations and financial results. 

We also are unable to predict whether any of
the countries in which our suppliers products are currently manufactured or may be manufactured in the future will be subject
to new, different, or additional trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. or foreign governments or the likelihood, type or effect of any
such restrictions. Any event causing a disruption or delay of imports from suppliers with international manufacturing operations, including
the imposition of additional import restrictions, restrictions on the transfer of funds or increased tariffs or quotas, could increase
the cost or reduce the supply of merchandise available to our customers and materially adversely affect our financial performance as
well as our reputation and brand. Furthermore, some or all of our suppliers foreign operations may be adversely affected by political
and financial instability, resulting in the disruption of trade from exporting countries, restrictions on the transfer of funds or other
trade disruptions. 

In addition, our business with foreign suppliers
may be affected by changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other foreign currencies. For example, any movement by any other
foreign currency against the U.S. dollar may result in higher costs to us for those goods. Declines in foreign currencies and currency
exchange rates might negatively affect the profitability and business prospects of one or more of our foreign suppliers. This, in turn,
might cause such foreign suppliers to demand higher prices for merchandise in their effort to offset any lost profits associated with
any currency devaluation, delay merchandise shipments, or discontinue selling to us altogether, any of which could ultimately reduce
our sales or increase our costs. 

Our suppliers have imposed conditions in
our business arrangements with them. If we are unable to continue satisfying these conditions, or such suppliers impose additional restrictions
with which we cannot comply, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our suppliers have strict conditions for doing
business with them. Several are sizeable such as General Electric, Whirlpool and Riggs Distributing. If we cannot satisfy these
conditions or if they impose additional or more restrictive conditions that we cannot satisfy, our business would be materially adversely
affected. It would be materially detrimental to our business if these suppliers decided to no longer do business with us, increased the
pricing at which they allow us to purchase their goods or impose other restrictions or conditions that make it more difficult for us
to work with them. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We may be unable to source new suppliers
or strengthen our relationships with current suppliers. 

Our agreements
with suppliers are generally terminable at will by either party upon short notice. If we do not maintain our existing relationships or
build new relationships with suppliers on acceptable commercial terms, we may not be able to maintain a broad selection of merchandise,
and our business and prospects would suffer severely. 

In order to attract quality suppliers, we must: 

demonstrate our ability to help our suppliers increase their
sales; 

offer suppliers a high quality, cost-effective fulfillment
process; and 

continue to provide suppliers with a dynamic and real-time
view of our demand and inventory needs. 

If we are unable to provide our suppliers with
a compelling return on investment and an ability to increase their sales, we may be unable to maintain and/or expand our supplier network,
which would negatively impact our business. 

We depend on our suppliers to perform certain
services regarding the products that we offer. 

As part of offering our suppliers products
for sale on our sites, suppliers are often responsible for conducting a number of traditional retail operations with respect to their
respective products, including maintaining inventory and preparing merchandise for shipment to our customers. In these instances, we
may be unable to ensure that suppliers will perform these services to our or our customers satisfaction in a manner that provides
our customer with a unified brand experience or on commercially reasonable terms. If our customers become dissatisfied with the services
provided by our suppliers, our business, reputation and brands could suffer. 

53 

We
depend on our relationships with third parties, and changes in our relationships with these parties could adversely impact our revenue
and profits. 

We
rely on third parties to operate certain elements of our business. For example, we use carriers such as FedEx, UPS, DHL and the U.S.
Postal Service to deliver products. As a result, we may be subject to shipping delays or disruptions caused by inclement weather, natural
disasters, system interruptions and technology failures, labor activism, health epidemics or bioterrorism. We are also subject to risks
of breakage or other damage during delivery by any of these third parties. We also use and rely on other services from third parties,
such as retail partner services, telecommunications services, customs, consolidation and shipping services, as well as warranty, installation
and design services. 

We
may be unable to maintain these relationships, and these services may also be subject to outages and interruptions that are not within
our control. For example, failures by our telecommunications providers have in the past and may in the future interrupt our ability to
provide phone support to our customers. Third parties may in the future determine they no longer wish to do business with us or may decide
to take other actions or make changes to their practices that could harm our business. We may also determine that we no longer want to
do business with them. If products are not delivered in a timely fashion or are damaged during the delivery process, or if we are not
able to provide adequate customer support or other services or offerings, our customers could become dissatisfied and cease buying products
through our sites, which would adversely affect our operating results. 

The
seasonal trends in our business create variability in our financial and operating results and place increased strain on our operations. 

We
experience surges in orders associated with promotional activities and seasonal trends. This activity may place additional demands on
our technology systems and logistics network and could cause or exacerbate slowdowns or interruptions. Any such system, site or service
interruptions could prevent us from efficiently receiving or fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume or quality of goods or services
we sell and may cause customer dissatisfaction and harm our reputation and brand. 

Our
business may be adversely affected if we are unable to provide our customers a cost-effective shopping platform that is able to respond
and adapt to rapid changes in technology. 

The
number of people who access the Internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones, smartphones, handheld
computers such as notebooks and tablets, video game consoles, and television set-top devices, has increased dramatically in the past
few years. We continually upgrade existing technologies and business applications to keep pace with these rapidly changing and continuously
evolving technologies, and we may be required to implement new technologies or business applications in the future. The implementation
of these upgrades and changes requires significant investments and as new devices and platforms are released, it is difficult to predict
the problems we may encounter in developing applications for these alternative devices and platforms. Additionally, we may need to devote
significant resources to the support and maintenance of such applications once created. Our results of operations may be affected by
the timing, effectiveness and costs associated with the successful implementation of any upgrades or changes to our systems and infrastructure
to accommodate such alternative devices and platforms. Further, in the event that it is more difficult or less compelling for our customers
to buy products from us on their mobile or other devices, or if our customers choose not to buy products from us on such devices or to
use mobile or other products that do not offer access to our sites, our customer growth could be harmed and our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 

Significant
merchandise returns could harm our business. 

We
allow our customers to return products, subject to our return policy. If merchandise returns are significant, our business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. Further, we modify our policies relating to returns from time to time,
which may result in customer dissatisfaction or an increase in the number of product returns. Many of our products are large and require
special handling and delivery. From time to time our products are damaged in transit, which can increase return rates and harm our brand. 

54 

Uncertainties
in economic conditions and their impact on consumer spending patterns, particularly in the home goods segment, could adversely impact
our operating results. 

Consumers
may view a substantial portion of the products we offer as discretionary items rather than necessities. As a result, our results of operations
are sensitive to changes in macro-economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. Some of the factors
adversely affecting consumer spending include levels of unemployment; consumer debt levels; changes in net worth based on market changes
and uncertainty; home foreclosures and changes in home values or the overall housing, residential construction or home improvement markets;
fluctuating interest rates; credit availability, including mortgages, home equity loans and consumer credit; government actions; fluctuating
fuel and other energy costs; fluctuating commodity prices and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment.
Adverse economic changes in any of the regions in which we sell our products could reduce consumer confidence and could negatively affect
net revenue and have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

Our
business relies heavily on email and other messaging services, and any restrictions on the sending of emails or messages or an inability
to timely deliver such communications could materially adversely affect our net revenue and business. 

Our
business is highly dependent upon email and other messaging services for promoting our sites and products. If we are unable to successfully
deliver emails or other messages to our subscribers, or if subscribers decline to open our emails or other messages, our net revenue
and profitability would be materially adversely affected. Changes in how webmail applications organize and prioritize email may also
reduce the number of subscribers opening our emails. For example, in 2013 Google Inc. s Gmail service began offering a feature
that organizes incoming emails into categories (for example, primary, social and promotions). Such categorization or similar inbox organizational
features may result in our emails being delivered in a less prominent location in a subscriber s inbox or viewed as spam 
by our subscribers and may reduce the likelihood of that subscriber opening our emails. Actions by third parties to block, impose restrictions
on or charge for the delivery of emails or other messages could also adversely impact our business. From time to time, Internet service
providers or other third parties may block bulk email transmissions or otherwise experience technical difficulties that result in our
inability to successfully deliver emails or other messages to third parties. Changes in the laws or regulations that limit our ability
to send such communications or impose additional requirements upon us in connection with sending such communications would also materially
adversely impact our business. Our use of email and other messaging services to send communications about our products or other matters
may also result in legal claims against us, which may cause us increased expenses, and if successful might result in fines and orders
with costly reporting and compliance obligations or might limit or prohibit our ability to send emails or other messages. We also rely
on social networking messaging services to send communications and to encourage customers to send communications. Changes to the terms
of these social networking services to limit promotional communications, any restrictions that would limit our ability or our customers 
ability to send communications through their services, disruptions or downtime experienced by these social networking services or decline
in the use of or engagement with social networking services by customers and potential customers could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
are subject to risks related to online payment methods. 

We
accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, PayPal, credit accounts and gift cards. As we offer new
payment options to consumers, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements and fraud. For certain payment methods,
including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower
profitability. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements, including the Payment
Card Industry Data Security Standard and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it
difficult or impossible for us to comply. As our business changes, we may also be subject to different rules under existing standards,
which may require new assessments that involve costs above what we currently pay for compliance. If we fail to comply with the rules
or requirements of any provider of a payment method we accept, if the volume of fraud in our transactions limits or terminates our rights
to use payment methods we currently accept, or if a data breach occurs relating to our payment systems, we may, among other things, be
subject to fines or higher transaction fees and may lose, or face restrictions placed upon, our ability to accept credit card and debit
card payments from consumers or to facilitate other types of online payments. If any of these events were to occur, our business, financial
condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. 

We
occasionally receive orders placed with fraudulent credit card data. We may suffer losses as a result of orders placed with fraudulent
credit card data even if the associated financial institution approved payment of the orders. Under current credit card practices, we
may be liable for fraudulent credit card transactions. If we are unable to detect or control credit card fraud, our liability for these
transactions could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

55 

Government
regulation of the Internet and e-commerce is evolving, and unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with these regulations could
substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

We
are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet and e-commerce.
Existing and future regulations and laws could impede the growth of the Internet, e- commerce or mobile commerce. These regulations and
laws may involve taxes, tariffs, privacy and data security, anti-spam, content protection, electronic contracts and communications, consumer
protection, Internet neutrality and gift cards. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales
and other taxes and consumer privacy apply to the Internet as the vast majority of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the
Internet and do not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by the Internet or e-commerce. It is possible that general business
regulations and laws, or those specifically governing the Internet or e-commerce, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is
inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. We cannot be sure that our practices
have complied, comply or will comply fully with all such laws and regulations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with
any of these laws or regulations could result in damage to our reputation, a loss in business and proceedings or actions against us by
governmental entities or others. Any such proceeding or action could hurt our reputation, force us to spend significant amounts in defense
of these proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business, decrease the use of our sites by consumers and suppliers
and may result in the imposition of monetary liability. We may also be contractually liable to indemnify and hold harmless third parties
from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with any such laws or regulations. Adverse legal or regulatory developments could substantially
harm our business. Further, if we enter into new market segments or geographical areas and expand the products and services we offer,
we may be subject to additional laws and regulatory requirements or prohibited from conducting our business, or certain aspects of it,
in certain jurisdictions. We will incur additional costs complying with these additional obligations and any failure or perceived failure
to comply would adversely affect our business and reputation. 

Failure
to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, or the expansion of current
or the enactment of new laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection, could adversely affect our
business and our financial condition. 

A
variety of laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing, export and security of personal information. Laws and
regulations relating to privacy, data protection and consumer protection are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations.
These requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or may conflict with
other rules or our practices. As a result, our practices may not comply, or may not comply in the future with all such laws, regulations,
requirements and obligations. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any applicable
privacy or consumer protection- related laws, regulations, industry self-regulatory principles, industry standards or codes of conduct,
regulatory guidance, orders to which we may be subject or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection could adversely
affect our reputation, brand and business, and may result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others
or other liabilities or require us to change our operations and/or cease using certain data sets. Any such claim, proceeding or action
could hurt our reputation, brand and business, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of such proceedings, distract our management,
increase our costs of doing business, result in a loss of customers and suppliers and may result in the imposition of monetary penalties.
We may also be contractually required to indemnify and hold harmless third parties from the costs or consequences of non-compliance with
any laws, regulations or other legal obligations relating to privacy or consumer protection or any inadvertent or unauthorized use or
disclosure of data that we store or handle as part of operating our business. 

Federal,
state and international governmental authorities continue to evaluate the privacy implications inherent in the use of proprietary or
third-party cookies and other methods of online tracking for behavioral advertising and other purposes. U.S. and foreign
governments have enacted, have considered or are considering legislation or regulations that could significantly restrict the ability
of companies and individuals to engage in these activities, such as by regulating the level of consumer notice and consent required before
a company can employ cookies or other electronic tracking tools or the use of data gathered with such tools. Additionally, some providers
of consumer devices and web browsers have implemented, or announced plans to implement, means to make it easier for Internet users to
prevent the placement of cookies or to block other tracking technologies, which could if widely adopted significantly reduce the effectiveness
of such practices and technologies. The regulation of the use of cookies and other current online tracking and advertising practices
or a loss in our ability to make effective use of services that employ such technologies could increase our costs of operations and limit
our ability to acquire new customers on cost-effective terms and consequently, materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. 

56 

In
addition, various federal, state and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies, or self-regulatory organizations, may expand current
laws or regulations, enact new laws or regulations or issue revised rules or guidance regarding privacy, data protection and consumer
protection. Any such changes may force us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. This could compromise
our ability to pursue our growth strategy effectively and may adversely affect our ability to acquire customers or otherwise harm our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
rely on the performance of members of management and highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, develop, motivate and
retain well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed. 

We
believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the members of our senior management teams. The loss of any of our senior
management or other key employees could materially harm our business. Our future success also depends on our continuing ability to attract,
develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees, particularly mid-level managers and merchandising and technology
personnel. The market for such positions is competitive. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs
to attract them. Our inability to recruit and develop mid-level managers could materially adversely affect our ability to execute our
business plan, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. All of our officers and other U.S. employees are at-will employees,
meaning that they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would
be extremely difficult to replace. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees,
our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 

We
may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 

We
regard our customer lists, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technology and similar intellectual property as critical
to our success, and we rely on trade secret protection, agreements and other methods with our employees and others to protect our proprietary
rights. We might not be able to obtain broad protection for all of our intellectual property. The protection of our intellectual property
rights may require the expenditure of significant financial, managerial and operational resources. We may initiate claims or litigation
against others for infringement, misappropriation or violation of our intellectual property rights or proprietary rights or to establish
the validity of such rights. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and
divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent
third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights, and we may not be able to broadly enforce all of our intellectual
property rights. Any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or
litigation. Additionally, the process of obtaining intellectual property protections is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not
be able to pursue all necessary or desirable actions at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Even if issued, there can be no assurance
that these protections will adequately safeguard our intellectual property, as the legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability
and scope of protection of patent and other intellectual property rights are uncertain. We also cannot be certain that others will not
independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or intellectual property rights. We may also be exposed
to claims from third parties claiming infringement of their intellectual property rights, or demanding the release or license of open
source software or derivative works that we developed using such software (which could include our proprietary code) or otherwise seeking
to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to purchase
a costly license, publicly release the affected portions of our source code, be limited in or cease using the implicated software unless
and until we can re-engineer such software to avoid infringement or change the use of the implicated open source software. 

We
may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 

The
e-commerce industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights, which has resulted in protracted
and expensive litigation for many companies. We may be subject to claims and litigation by third parties that we infringe their intellectual
property rights. The costs of supporting such litigation and disputes are considerable, and there can be no assurances that favorable
outcomes will be obtained. As our business expands and the number of competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur, we expect
that infringement claims may increase in number and significance. Any claims or proceedings against us, whether meritorious or not, could
be time-consuming, result in considerable litigation costs, require significant amounts of management time or result in the diversion
of significant operational resources, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. 

57 

We
have received in the past, and we may receive in the future, communications alleging that certain items posted on or sold through our
sites violate third-party copyrights, designs, marks and trade names or other intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights.
Brand and content owners and other proprietary rights owners have actively asserted their purported rights against online companies.
In addition to litigation from rights owners, we may be subject to regulatory, civil or criminal proceedings and penalties if governmental
authorities believe we have aided and abetted in the sale of counterfeit or infringing products. 

Such
claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial, managerial and operational resources, injunctions
against us or the payment of damages by us. We may need to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we have violated their
rights, but such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. These risks have been amplified by the increase
in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. 

We
are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management s
time and attention. 

From
time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. Litigation
disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, result in site unavailability, service disruptions, and otherwise occupy a significant
amount of our management s time and attention, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position.
We also from time to time receive inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information requests from government authorities and we
may become subject to related claims and other actions related to our business activities. While the ultimate outcome of investigations,
inquiries, information requests and related legal proceedings is difficult to predict, such matters can be expensive, time-consuming
and distracting, and adverse resolutions or settlements of those matters may result in, among other things, modification of our business
practices, reputational harm or costs and significant payments, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial
position. 

Risks
Related to Our Custom Carpentry Business 

The
loss of any of our key customers could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Historically,
a few long-term recurring contractor customers have accounted for a majority of our revenues. There can be no assurance that we will
maintain or improve the relationships with those customers. Our major customers often change each period based on when a given order
is placed. If we cannot maintain long-term relationships with major customers or replace major customers from period to period with equivalent
customers, the loss of such sales could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business primarily relies on U.S. home improvement, repair and remodel and new home construction activity levels, all of which are impacted
by risks associated with fluctuations in the housing market. Downward changes in the general economy, the housing market or other business
conditions could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Our
business primarily relies on home improvement, repair and remodel and new home construction activity levels in the United States. The
housing market is sensitive to changes in economic conditions and other factors, such as the level of employment, access to labor, consumer
confidence, consumer income, availability of financing and interest rate levels. Adverse changes in any of these conditions generally,
or in any of the markets where we operate, including due to the global pandemic, could decrease demand and could adversely impact our
businesses by: causing consumers to delay or decrease homeownership; making consumers more price conscious resulting in a shift in demand
to smaller, less expensive homes; making consumers more reluctant to make investments in their existing homes, including large kitchen
and bath repair and remodel projects; or making it more difficult to secure loans for major renovations. 

Increases
in interest rates and the reduced availability of financing for home improvements may cause our sales and profitability to decrease. 

In
general, demand for home improvement products may be adversely affected by increases in interest rates and the reduced availability of
financing. Also, trends in the financial industry which influence the requirements used by lenders to evaluate potential buyers can result
in reduced availability of financing. If interest rates or lending requirements increase and consequently, the ability of prospective
buyers to finance purchases of home improvement products is adversely affected, our business, financial condition and results of operations
may also be adversely impacted and the impact may be material. 

58 

Our
custom carpentry business is subject to seasonal and other periodic fluctuations, and affected by factors beyond our control, which may
cause our sales and operating results to fluctuate significantly. 

Our
custom carpentry business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. We believe that we can more effectively control and balance our direct
labor resources and costs during seasonal variations in our custom carpentry business, depending on the dynamics of the market served.
However, extreme winter weather conditions can have an adverse effect on appointments and installations which typically occur during
our fourth and first quarters and can also negatively affect our net sales and operating results. In addition, sales and revenues may
decline in the fourth quarter due to the holiday season. 

Difficulties
in recruiting adequate personnel may have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our growth expectations. 

In
order to fulfill our growth expectations, we must recruit, hire, train and retain qualified sales and installation personnel. In particular,
during the pandemic, we may experience greater difficulty in fulfilling our personnel needs since our employees are not able to work
remotely for installations. When new construction and remodeling are on the rise, recruiting of independent contractors to perform our
installations becomes more difficult. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient contractors or employees to fulfill our
installation requirements. Our inability to fulfill our personnel needs could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our
growth expectations. 

Increases
in the cost of labor, union organizing activity and work stoppages at our facilities or the facilities of our suppliers could materially
affect our financial performance. 

Our
business is labor intensive, and, as a result, our financial performance is affected by the availability of qualified personnel and the
cost of labor. Currently, none of our employees are represented by labor unions. Strikes or other types of conflicts with personnel could
arise or we may become a target for union organizing activity. Some of our direct and indirect suppliers have unionized work forces.
Strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by these suppliers could result in slowdowns or closures of facilities where components
of our products are manufactured. Any interruption in the production of our products could reduce sales of our products and increase
our costs. 

In
the event of a catastrophic loss of our key manufacturing facility, our business would be adversely affected. 

While
we maintain insurance covering our facility, including business interruption insurance, a catastrophic loss of the use of all or a portion
of our manufacturing facility due to accident, labor issues, weather conditions, natural disaster or otherwise, whether short or long-term,
could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The
nature of our custom carpentry business exposes us to product liability, workmanship warranty, casualty, negligence, construction defect,
breach of contract and other claims and legal proceedings. 

We
are subject to product liability, workmanship warranty, casualty, negligence, construction defect, breach of contract and other claims
and legal proceedings relating to the products we install or manufacture that, if adversely determined, could adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. We rely on manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with most of the products
we install. Other than for products manufactured by Kyle s, we generally do not have direct control over the quality of such products
manufactured or supplied by such third-party suppliers. As such, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such products. In
the event that any of our products prove to be defective, we may be required to recall or redesign such products, which would result
in significant unexpected costs. 

We
are also exposed to potential claims arising from the conduct of our employees and contractors, for which we may be contractually
liable. We have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to penalties and other liabilities in connection with injury or damage
incurred in conjunction with the installation of our products. 

In
addition, our contracts, particularly those with large single-family and multi-family homebuilders, contain certain performance and installation
schedule requirements. Many factors, some of which our outside of our control, may affect our ability to meet these requirements, including
shortages of material or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering problems, work stoppages, weather interference, floods, unanticipated
cost increases, and legal or political challenges. If we do not meet these requirements, we may be subject to liquidated damages or other
penalties, as well as claims for breach of contract. 

59 

Product
liability, workmanship warranty, casualty, negligence, construction defect, breach of contract and other claims and legal proceedings
can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless
of the ultimate outcome. In addition, lawsuits relating to construction defects typically have statutes of limitations that can run as
long as ten years. Claims of this nature could also have a negative impact on customer confidence in us and our services. Although we
currently maintain what we believe to be suitable and adequate insurance, we may be unable to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms
or such insurance may not provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. In addition, some liabilities may not be covered
by our insurance. Current or future claims could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

If
we are unable to compete successfully with our competitors, our financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. 

We
operate in a highly fragmented and very competitive industry. Our competitors include national and local carpentry manufacturers. These
can be large, consolidated operations which house their manufacturing facilities in large and efficient plants, as well as relatively
small, local cabinetmakers. Although we believe that we have superior name and reputation of direct marketing of custom designed carpentry,
we compete with numerous competitors in our primary markets in which we operate, with reputation, price, workmanship and services being
the principal competitive factors. Some of our competitors have achieved substantially more market penetration in certain of the markets
in which we operate. Some of our competitors have greater resources available and are less highly leveraged, which may provide them with
greater financial flexibility. We also compete against retail chains, including Sears, Costco, Builders Square, Sam s Warehouse
Club and other stores, which offer similar products and services through licensees. We compete, to a lesser extent, with small home improvement
contractors and with large home center retailers such as Home Depot and Lowes. As a result of the implementation of our
business strategy to conduct more remodel, condo/multi-family, and commercial projects in the new construction markets, we anticipate
that we will compete to a greater degree with large home center retailers. To remain competitive, we will need to invest
continuously in manufacturing, customer service and support, marketing and our dealer network. We may have to adjust the prices of some
of our products to stay competitive, which would reduce our revenues or harm our financial condition and result of operations. We may
not have sufficient resources to continue to make such investments or maintain our competitive position within each of the markets we
serve. 

We
have historically depended on a limited number of third parties to supply key finished goods and raw materials to us. Failure to obtain
a sufficient supply of these finished goods and raw materials in a timely fashion and at reasonable costs could significantly delay our
delivery of products, which would cause us to breach our sales contracts with our customers. 

We
have historically purchased certain key finished goods and raw materials, such as pre-manufactured doors, cabinets, countertops, lumber
and hardware, from a limited number of suppliers. We purchased finished goods and raw materials on the basis of purchase orders. In the
absence of firm and long-term contracts, we may not be able to obtain a sufficient supply of these finished goods and raw materials from
our existing suppliers or alternates in a timely fashion or at a reasonable cost. If we fail to secure a sufficient supply of key finished
goods and raw materials in a timely fashion, it would result in a significant delay in our delivery of products, which may cause us to
breach our sales contracts with our customers. Furthermore, failure to obtain sufficient supply of these finished goods and raw materials
at a reasonable cost could also harm our revenue and gross profit margins. 

Increased
prices for finished goods or raw materials could increase our cost of revenues and decrease demand for our products, which could adversely
affect our revenue or profitability. 

Our
profitability is affected by the prices of the finished goods and raw materials used in the manufacturing and sale of our products. These
prices may fluctuate based on a number of factors beyond our control, including, among others, changes in supply and demand, general
economic conditions, labor costs, competition, import duties, tariffs, currency exchange rates and, in some cases, government regulation.
Increased prices could adversely affect our profitability or revenues. We do not have long-term supply contracts for the finished goods
and raw materials; however, we enter into pricing agreements with certain customers which fix their pricing for specified periods ranging
from one to twelve months. Significant increases in the prices of finished goods and raw materials could adversely affect our profit
margins, especially if we are not able to recover these costs by increasing the prices we charge our customers for our products. 

60 

Interruptions
in deliveries of finished goods and raw materials could adversely affect our revenue or profitability. 

Our
dependency upon regular deliveries from particular suppliers means that interruptions or stoppages in such deliveries could adversely
affect our operations until arrangements with alternate suppliers could be made. If any of our suppliers were unable to deliver finished
goods and raw materials to us for an extended period of time, as the result of financial difficulties, catastrophic events affecting
their facilities or other factors beyond our control, or if we were unable to negotiate acceptable terms for the supply of finished goods
and raw materials with these or alternative suppliers, our business could suffer. We may not be able to find acceptable alternatives,
and any such alternatives could result in increased costs for us. Even if acceptable alternatives are found, the process of locating
and securing such alternatives might be disruptive to our business. Extended unavailability of a necessary finished good or raw material
could cause us to cease manufacturing or selling one or more of our products for a period of time. 

Environmental
requirements applicable to our facilities may impose significant environmental compliance costs and liabilities, which would adversely
affect our results of operations. 

Our
facilities are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to pollution and the protection of the environment,
including those governing emissions to air, discharges to water, storage, treatment and disposal of waste, remediation of contaminated
sites and protection of worker health and safety. We believe we are in substantial compliance with all applicable requirements. However,
our efforts to comply with environmental requirements do not remove the risk that we may be held liable, or incur fines or penalties,
and that the amount of liability, fines or penalties may be material, for, among other things, releases of hazardous substances occurring
on or emanating from current or formerly owned or operated properties or any associated offsite disposal location, or for contamination
discovered at any of our properties from activities conducted by previous occupants. 

Changes
in environmental laws and regulations or the discovery of previously unknown contamination or other liabilities relating to our properties
and operations could result in significant environmental liabilities. In addition, we might incur significant capital and other costs
to comply with increasingly stringent air emission control laws and enforcement policies which would decrease our cash flow. 

We
may fail to fully realize the anticipated benefits of our growth strategy within the multi-family and commercial properties channels.

Part
of our growth strategy depends on expanding our business in the multi-family and commercial properties channels. We may fail to compete
successfully against other companies that are already established providers within those channels. Demand for our products within the
multi-family and commercial properties channels may not grow, or might even decline. In addition, trends within the industry change often,
we may not accurately gauge consumer preferences and successfully develop, manufacture and market our products. Our failure to anticipate,
identify or react to changes in these trends could lead to, among other things, rejection of a new product line, reduced demand and price
reductions for our products, and could adversely affect our sales. Further, the implementation of our growth strategy may place additional
demands on our administrative, operational and financial resources and may divert management s attention away from our existing
business and increase the demands on our financial systems and controls. If our management is unable to effectively manage growth, our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. If our growth strategy is not successful then our
revenue and earnings may not grow as anticipated or may decline, we may not be profitable, or our reputation and brand may be damaged.
In addition, we may change our financial strategy or other components of our overall business strategy if we believe our current strategy
is not effective, if our business or markets change, or for other reasons, which may cause fluctuations in our financial results. 

Risks
Related to Our Automotive Supply Business 

If
we fail to offer a broad selection of products at competitive prices or fail to maintain sufficient inventory to meet customer demands,
our revenue could decline. 

In
order to expand our business, we must successfully offer, on a continuous basis, a broad selection of products that meet the needs of
our customers, including by being the first to market with new products. In addition, to be successful, our product offerings must be
broad and deep in scope, competitively priced, well-made, innovative and attractive to a wide range of consumers. We cannot predict with
certainty that we will be successful in offering products that meet all of these requirements. Moreover, even if we offer a broad selection
of products at competitive prices, we must maintain sufficient in-stock inventory to meet consumer demand. If our product offerings fail
to satisfy our customers requirements or respond to changes in customer preferences or we otherwise fail to maintain sufficient
in-stock inventory, our revenue could decline. 

61 

We
are highly dependent upon key suppliers and an interruption in such relationships or our ability to obtain products from such suppliers
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

In 2022 and 2021, Wolo purchased a substantial portion of finished
goods from four third-party vendors which comprised of 84.7 and 61.4 of its purchases, respectively. Our ability to acquire products
from our suppliers in amounts and on terms acceptable to us is dependent upon a number of factors that could affect our suppliers and
which are beyond our control. For example, financial or operational difficulties that some of our suppliers may face could result in an
increase in the cost of the products we purchase from them. If we do not maintain our relationships with our existing suppliers or develop
relationships with new suppliers on acceptable commercial terms, we may not be able to continue to offer a broad selection of merchandise
at competitive prices and, as a result, we could lose customers and our sales could decline. 

We
also have limited control over the products that our suppliers purchase or keep in stock. Our suppliers may not accurately forecast the
products that will be in high demand or they may allocate popular products to other resellers, resulting in the unavailability of certain
products for delivery to our customers. Any inability to offer a broad array of products at competitive prices and any failure to deliver
those products to our customers in a timely and accurate manner may damage our reputation and brand and could cause us to lose customers
and our sales could decline. 

In
addition, the increasing consolidation among auto parts suppliers may disrupt or end our relationship with some suppliers, result in
product shortages and/or lead to less competition and, consequently, higher prices. Furthermore, as part of our routine business, suppliers
extend credit to us in connection with our purchase of their products. In the future, our suppliers may limit the amount of credit they
are willing to extend to us in connection with our purchase of their products. If this were to occur, it could impair our ability to
acquire the types and quantities of products that we desire from the applicable suppliers on acceptable terms, severely impact our liquidity
and capital resources, limit our ability to operate our business and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
are dependent upon relationships with manufacturers in Taiwan and China, which exposes us to complex regulatory regimes and logistical
challenges. 

Most of our
manufacturing is outsourced to contract manufacturers in China and Taiwan, resulting in additional factors could interrupt our
relationships or affect our ability to acquire the necessary products on acceptable terms, including: 

political,
 social and economic instability and the risk of war or other international incidents in Asia
 or abroad; 

fluctuations
 in foreign currency exchange rates that may increase our cost of products; 

imposition
 of duties, taxes, tariffs or other charges on imports; 

difficulties
 in complying with import and export laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions; 

natural
 disasters and public health emergencies, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic; 

import
 shipping delays resulting from foreign or domestic labor shortages, slow-downs, or stoppage;
 and 

the
 failure of local laws to provide a sufficient degree of protection against infringement of
 our intellectual property; 

imposition
 of new legislation relating to import quotas or other restrictions that may limit the quantity
 of our products that may be imported into the U.S. from countries or regions where we do
 business; 

financial
 or political instability in any of the countries in which our products are manufactured; 

potential
 recalls or cancellations of orders for any products that do not meet our quality standards; 

disruption
 of imports by labor disputes or strikes and local business practices; 

62 

political
 or military conflict involving the U.S. or any country in which our suppliers are located,
 which could cause a delay in the transportation of our products, an increase in transportation
 costs and additional risk to products being damaged and delivered on time; 

heightened
 terrorism security concerns, which could subject imported goods to additional, more frequent
 or more thorough inspections, leading to delays in deliveries or impoundment of goods for
 extended periods; 

inability
 of our non-U.S. suppliers to obtain adequate credit or access liquidity to finance their
 operations; and 

our
 ability to enforce any agreements with our foreign suppliers. 

If
we were unable to import products from China and Taiwan or were unable to import products from China and Taiwan in a cost-effective manner,
we could suffer irreparable harm to our business and be required to significantly curtail our operations, file for bankruptcy or cease
operations. 

From
time to time, we may also have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights with foreign suppliers.
However, it may be more difficult to evaluate the level of legal protection we enjoy in Taiwan and China and the corresponding outcome
of any administrative or court proceedings than in comparison to our suppliers in the United States. 

We
depend on third-party delivery services, for both inbound and outbound shipping, to deliver our products to our distribution centers
and subsequently to our customers on a timely and consistent basis, and any deterioration in our relationship with any one of these third
parties or increases in the fees that they charge could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

We
rely on third parties for the shipment of our products, both inbound and outbound shipping logistics, and we cannot be sure that these
relationships will continue on terms favorable to us, or at all. Shipping costs have increased from time to time, and may continue to
increase, and we may not be able to pass these costs directly to our customers. Any increased shipping costs could harm our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our costs of doing business and reducing gross margins which could
negatively affect our operating results. In addition, we utilize a variety of shipping methods for both inbound and outbound logistics.
For inbound logistics, we rely on trucking and ocean carriers and any increases in fees that they charge could adversely affect our business
and financial condition. For outbound logistics, we rely on Less-than-Truckload and parcel freight based upon the product
and quantities being shipped and customer delivery requirements. These outbound freight costs have increased on a year-over-year basis
and may continue to increase in the future. We also ship a number of oversized auto parts which may trigger additional shipping costs
by third-party delivery services. Any increases in fees or any increased use of Less-than-Truckload shipping would increase
our shipping costs which could negatively affect our operating results. 

In
addition, if our relationships with these third parties are terminated or impaired, or if these third parties are unable to deliver products
for us, whether due to labor shortage, slow down or stoppage, deteriorating financial or business condition, responses to terrorist attacks
or for any other reason, we would be required to use alternative carriers for the shipment of products to our customers. Changing carriers
could have a negative effect on our business and operating results due to reduced visibility of order status and package tracking and
delays in order processing and product delivery, and we may be unable to engage alternative carriers on a timely basis, upon terms favorable
to us, or at all. 

If
commodity prices such as fuel, plastic and steel increase, our margins may be negatively impacted. 

Our
third-party delivery services have increased fuel surcharges from time to time, and such increases negatively impact our margins, as
we are generally unable to pass all of these costs directly to consumers. Increasing prices in the component materials for the parts
we sell may impact the availability, the quality and the price of our products, as suppliers search for alternatives to existing materials
and increase the prices they charge. We cannot ensure that we can recover all the increased costs through price increases, and our suppliers
may not continue to provide the consistent quality of product as they may substitute lower cost materials to maintain pricing levels,
all of which may have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 

63 

If
we are unable to manage the challenges associated with our international operations, the growth of our business could be limited and
our business could suffer. 

In
addition to our relationships with foreign suppliers, we have contracts with sales representatives from thirteen regional sales companies
in North America, Mexico, Puerto Rico, the U.K., Europe, the Middle East and the industrial aftermarket. We are subject to a number of
risks and challenges that specifically relate to our international operations. Our international operations may not be successful if
we are unable to meet and overcome these challenges, which could limit the growth of our business and may have an adverse effect on our
business and operating results. These risks and challenges include: 

difficulties
 and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations; 

restrictions
 imposed by local labor practices and laws on our business and operations; 

exposure
 to different business practices and legal standards; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

the
 imposition of government controls and restrictions; 

political,
 social and economic instability and the risk of war, terrorist activities or other international
 incidents; 

the
 failure of telecommunications and connectivity infrastructure; 

natural
 disasters and public health emergencies; 

potentially
 adverse tax consequences; and 

fluctuations
 in foreign currency exchange rates and relative weakness in the U.S. dollar. 

If
our fulfillment operations are interrupted for any significant period of time or are not sufficient to accommodate increased demand,
our sales could decline and our reputation could be harmed. 

Our
success depends on our ability to successfully receive and fulfill orders and to promptly deliver our products to our customers. Most
of the orders for our products are filled from our inventory in our distribution centers, where all our inventory management, packaging,
labeling and product return processes are performed. Increased demand and other considerations may require us to expand our distribution
centers or transfer our fulfillment operations to larger or other facilities in the future. If we do not successfully expand our fulfillment
capabilities in response to increases in demand, our sales could decline. 

In
addition, our distribution centers are susceptible to damage or interruption from human error, pandemics, fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications
failures, terrorist attacks, acts of war, break-ins, earthquakes and similar events. We do not currently maintain back-up power systems
at our fulfillment centers. We do not presently have a formal disaster recovery plan and our business interruption insurance may be insufficient
to compensate us for losses that may occur in the event operations at our fulfillment center are interrupted. In addition, alternative
arrangements may not be available, or if they are available, may increase the cost of fulfillment. Any interruptions in our fulfillment
operations for any significant period of time, including interruptions resulting from the expansion of our existing facilities or the
transfer of operations to a new facility, could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business and results of operations. 

We
face intense competition and operate in an industry with limited barriers to entry, and some of our competitors may have greater resources
than us and may be better positioned to capitalize on the growing auto parts market. 

The aftermarket auto parts industry is competitive and highly fragmented,
with products distributed through multi-tiered and overlapping channels. We compete with both online and offline retailers who offer OEMs
and aftermarket auto parts. Current or potential competitors include FIAMM, Grote, Peterson Manufacturing Company, ECCO, Vixen Horns,
Grover, HornBlasters, and Kleinn. 

Many
of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, large customer bases, superior brand recognition and significantly
greater financial, marketing, technical, management and other resources than we do. In addition, some of our competitors have used and
may continue to use aggressive pricing tactics and devote substantially more financial resources to website and system development than
we do. We expect that competition will further intensify in the future as Internet use and online commerce continue to grow worldwide.
Increased competition may result in reduced sales, lower operating margins, reduced profitability, loss of market share and diminished
brand recognition. 

64 

We
rely on key personnel and may need additional personnel for the success and growth of our business. 

Our
business is largely dependent on the personal efforts and abilities of highly skilled executive, technical, managerial, merchandising
and marketing personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we cannot assure that we will be successful in attracting and
retaining such personnel. The loss of any key employee or our inability to attract or retain other qualified employees could harm our
business and results of operations. 

If
our product catalog database is stolen, misappropriated or damaged, or if a competitor is able to create a substantially similar catalog
without infringing our rights, then we may lose an important competitive advantage. 

We
have invested significant resources and time to build and maintain our product catalog, which is maintained in the form of an electronic
database. We believe that our product catalog provides us with an important competitive advantage. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to protect our product catalog from unauthorized copying or theft or that our product catalog will continue to operate adequately,
without any technological challenges. In addition, it is possible that a competitor could develop a catalog or database that is similar
to or more comprehensive than ours, without infringing our rights. In the event our product catalog is damaged or is stolen, copied or
otherwise replicated to compete with us, whether lawfully or not, we may lose an important competitive advantage and our business could
be harmed. 

Economic
conditions have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on the demand for aftermarket auto parts and could adversely affect
our sales and operating results. 

Demand
for our products has been and may continue to be adversely affected by general economic conditions. In declining economies, consumers
often defer regular vehicle maintenance and may forego purchases of nonessential performance and accessories products, which can result
in a decrease in demand for auto parts in general. Consumers also defer purchases of new vehicles, which immediately impacts performance
parts and accessories, which are generally purchased in the first six months of a vehicle s lifespan. In addition, during
economic downturns, some competitors may become more aggressive in their pricing practices, which would adversely impact our gross margin.
Certain suppliers may exit the industry which may impact our ability to procure parts and may adversely impact gross margin as the remaining
suppliers increase prices to take advantage of limited competition. 

Vehicle
miles driven, vehicle accident rates and insurance companies willingness to accept a variety of types of parts in the repair process
have fluctuated and may decrease, which could result in a decline of our revenues and negatively affect our results of operations. 

We
and our industry depend on the number of vehicle miles driven, vehicle accident rates and insurance companies willingness to accept
a variety of types of parts in the repair process. Decreased miles driven reduce the number of accidents and corresponding demand for
parts, and reduce the wear and tear on vehicles with a corresponding reduction in demand for vehicle repairs and parts. If consumers
were to drive less in the future and/or accident rates were to decline, as a result of higher gas prices, increased use of ride-shares,
the advancement of driver assistance technologies, or otherwise, our sales may decline and our business and financial results may suffer. 

We
will be required to collect and pay more sales taxes, and could become liable for other fees and penalties, which could have an adverse
effect on our business. 

We
have historically collected sales or other similar taxes only on the shipment of goods to customers in the state of New York. However,
following the U.S. Supreme Court decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair , we are now required to collect sales tax in any state which
passes legislation requiring out-of-state retailers to collect sales tax even where they have no physical nexus. We have historically
enjoyed a competitive advantage to the extent our competitors are already subject to those tax obligations. By collecting sales tax in
additional states, we will lose this competitive advantage as total costs to our customers will increase, which could adversely affect
our sales. 

Moreover,
if we fail to collect and remit or pay required sales or other taxes in a jurisdiction or qualify or register to do business in a jurisdiction
that requires us to do so or if we have failed to do so in the past, we could face material liabilities for taxes, fees, interest and
penalties. If various jurisdictions impose new tax obligations on our business activities, our sales and net income in those jurisdictions
could decrease significantly, which could harm our business. 

65 

Higher
wage and benefit costs could adversely affect our business. 

Changes
in federal and state minimum wage laws and other laws relating to employee benefits could cause us to incur additional wage and
benefit costs. Increased labor costs brought about by changes in minimum wage laws, other regulations or prevailing market conditions
could increase our expenses and have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

We
face exposure to product liability lawsuits. 

The
automotive industry in general has been subject to a large number of product liability claims due to the nature of personal injuries
that result from car accidents or malfunctions. As a distributor of auto parts, including parts obtained overseas, we could be held liable
for the injury or damage caused if the products we sell are defective or malfunction regardless of whether the product manufacturer is
the party at fault. While we carry insurance against product liability claims, if the damages in any given action were high or we were
subject to multiple lawsuits, the damages and costs could exceed the limits of our insurance coverage or prevent us from obtaining coverage
in the future. If we were required to pay substantial damages as a result of these lawsuits, it may seriously harm our business and financial
condition. Even defending against unsuccessful claims could cause us to incur significant expenses and result in a diversion of management s
attention. In addition, even if the money damages themselves did not cause substantial harm to our business, the damage to our reputation
and the brands offered on our websites could adversely affect our future reputation and our brand and could result in a decline in our
net sales and profitability. 

Business
interruptions in our facilities may affect the distribution of our products and/or the stability of our computer systems, which may affect
our business. 

Weather,
terrorist activities, war or other disasters, or the threat of them, may result in the closure of one or more of our facilities, or may
adversely affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty.
 Most of our products are imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the United
States, and we may not be able to obtain such products from other sources at similar prices. Such a disruption in revenue could
potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We
rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and timely provide products to our customers. Our
systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches or
other catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and
interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. Such a disruption of our systems
could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Security
threats, such as ransomware attacks, to our IT infrastructure could expose us to liability, and damage our reputation and business. 

It
is essential to our business strategy that our technology and network infrastructure remain secure and is perceived by our customers
to be secure. Despite security measures, however, any network infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyber-attacks. Information security
risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication
and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign private parties and state actors.
We may face cyber-attacks that attempt to penetrate our network security, including our data centers, to sabotage or otherwise disable
our network of websites and online marketplaces, misappropriate our or our customers proprietary information, which may include
personally identifiable information, or cause interruptions of our internal systems and services. If successful, any of these attacks
could negatively affect our reputation, damage our network infrastructure and our ability to sell our products, harm our relationship
with customers that are affected and expose us to financial liability. 

We
maintain a comprehensive system of preventive and detective controls through our security programs; however, given the rapidly evolving
nature and proliferation of cyber threats, our controls may not prevent or identify all such attacks in a timely manner or otherwise
prevent unauthorized access to, damage to, or interruption of our systems and operations, and we cannot eliminate the risk of human error
or employee or vendor malfeasance. 

In
addition, any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations could cause us to incur significant
costs to protect any customers whose personal data was compromised and to restore customer confidence in us and to make changes to our
information systems and administrative processes to address security issues and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. In addition,
our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to stop shopping on
our sites altogether. Such events could lead to lost sales and adversely affect our results of operations. We also could be exposed to
government enforcement actions and private litigation. 

66 

Failure
to comply with privacy laws and regulations and failure to adequately protect customer data could harm our business, damage our reputation
and result in a loss of customers. 

Federal
and state and regulations may govern the collection, use, sharing and security of data that we receive from our customers. In addition,
we have and post on our websites our own privacy policies and practices concerning the collection, use and disclosure of customer data.
Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any data-related consent orders, U.S. Federal
Trade Commission requirements or other federal, state or international privacy-related laws and regulations could result in proceedings
or actions against us by governmental entities or others, which could potentially harm our business. Further, failure or perceived failure
to comply with our policies or applicable requirements related to the collection, use or security of personal information or other privacy-related
matters could damage our reputation and result in a loss of customers. The regulatory framework for privacy issues is currently evolving
and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. 

Challenges
by OEMs to the validity of the aftermarket auto parts industry and claims of intellectual property infringement could adversely affect
our business and the viability of the aftermarket auto parts industry. 

OEMs
have attempted to use claims of intellectual property infringement against manufacturers and distributors of aftermarket products to
restrict or eliminate the sale of aftermarket products that are the subject of the claims. The OEMs have brought such claims in federal
court and with the United States International Trade Commission. We have received in the past, and we anticipate we may in the future
receive, communications alleging that certain products we sell infringe the patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names or other
intellectual property rights of OEMs or other third parties. 

The
United States Patent and Trademark Office records indicate that OEMs are seeking and obtaining more design patents and trademarks than
they have in the past. In some cases, we have entered into license agreements that allow us to sell aftermarket parts that replicate
OEM patented parts in exchange for a royalty. In the event that our license agreements, or other similar license arrangements are terminated,
or we are unable to agree upon renewal terms, we may be subject to restrictions on our ability to sell aftermarket parts that replicate
parts covered by design patents or trademarks, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Litigation
or regulatory enforcement could also result in interpretations of the law that require us to change our business practices or otherwise
increase our costs and harm our business. We may not maintain sufficient, or any, insurance coverage to cover the types of claims that
could be asserted. If a successful claim were brought against us, it could expose us to significant liability. 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our reputation and brand could be impaired and we could lose customers. 

We
regard our patents, trademarks, trade secrets and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We rely on patent, trademark
and copyright law, and trade secret protection, and confidentiality and/or license agreements with employees, customers, partners and
others to protect our proprietary rights. We cannot be certain that we have taken adequate steps to protect our proprietary rights, especially
in countries where the laws may not protect our rights as fully as in the United States. In addition, our proprietary rights may be infringed
or misappropriated, and we could be required to incur significant expenses to preserve them. In the past we have filed litigation to
protect our intellectual property rights. The outcome of such litigation can be uncertain, and the cost of prosecuting such litigation
may have an adverse impact on our earnings. We have patent and trademark registrations for several patents and marks. However, any registrations
may not adequately cover our intellectual property or protect us against infringement by others. Effective patent, trademark, service
mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services may be made available
online. We also currently own or control a number of Internet domain names and have invested time and money in the purchase of domain
names and other intellectual property, which may be impaired if we cannot protect such intellectual property. We may be unable to protect
these domain names or acquire or maintain relevant domain names in the United States and in other countries. If we are not able to protect
our patents, trademarks, domain names or other intellectual property, we may experience difficulties in achieving and maintaining brand
recognition and customer loyalty. 

67 

Because
we are involved in litigation from time to time and are subject to numerous laws and governmental regulations, we could incur substantial
judgments, fines, legal fees and other costs as well as reputational harm. 

We
are sometimes the subject of complaints or litigation from customers, employees or other third parties for various reasons. The damages
sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings could be substantial. Although we maintain liability insurance for some litigation
claims, if one or more of the claims were to greatly exceed our insurance coverage limits or if our insurance policies do not cover a
claim, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Existing
or future government regulation could expose us to liabilities and costly changes in our business operations and could reduce customer
demand for our products and services. 

We
are subject to federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations, including laws protecting the privacy of customer non-public
information and regulations prohibiting unfair and deceptive trade practices, as well as laws and regulations governing businesses in
general and the Internet and e-commerce and certain environmental laws. Additional laws and regulations may be adopted with respect to
the Internet. These laws may cover issues such as user privacy, spyware and the tracking of consumer activities, marketing e-mails and
communications, other advertising and promotional practices, money transfers, pricing, content and quality of products and services,
taxation, electronic contracts and other communications, intellectual property rights, and information security. Furthermore, it is not
clear how existing laws such as those governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, trespass, data mining and collection,
and personal privacy apply to the Internet and e-commerce. To the extent we expand into international markets, we will be faced with
complying with local laws and regulations, some of which may be materially different than U.S. laws and regulations. Any such foreign
law or regulation, any new U.S. law or regulation, or the interpretation or application of existing laws and regulations to our business
may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations by, among other things,
subjecting us to fines, penalties, damages or other liabilities, requiring costly changes in our business operations and practices, and
reducing customer demand for our products and services. We may not maintain sufficient, or any, insurance coverage to cover the types
of claims or liabilities that could arise as a result of such regulation. 

We
may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory, or market responses to such change. 

The
growing political and scientific sentiment is that global weather patterns are being influenced by increased levels of greenhouse gases
in the earth s atmosphere. This growing sentiment and the concern over climate change have led to legislative and regulatory initiatives
aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions which warm the earth s atmosphere. These warmer weather conditions could result in a
decrease in demand for auto parts in general. Moreover, proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions
continue to be considered by policy makers in the United States. Laws enacted that directly or indirectly affect our suppliers (through
an increase in the cost of production or their ability to produce satisfactory products) or our business (through an impact on our inventory
availability, cost of revenues, operations or demand for the products we sell) could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. Significant increases in fuel economy requirements or new federal or state restrictions on emissions
of carbon dioxide that may be imposed on vehicles and automobile fuels could adversely affect demand for vehicles, annual miles driven
or the products we sell or lead to changes in automotive technology. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or
stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. Our inability to respond to
such changes could adversely impact the demand for our products and our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows. 

Possible
new tariffs that might be imposed by the United States government could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Changes
in U.S. and foreign governments trade policies have resulted in, and may continue to result in, tariffs on imports into and exports
from the U.S., among other restrictions. Throughout 2018 and 2019, the U.S. imposed tariffs on imports from several countries, including
China. If further tariffs are imposed on imports of our products, or retaliatory trade measures are taken by China or other countries
in response to existing or future tariffs, we could be forced to raise prices on all of our imported products or make changes to our
operations, any of which could materially harm our revenue or operating results. Any additional future tariffs or quotas imposed on our
products or related materials may impact our sales, gross margin and profitability if we are unable to pass increased prices onto our
customers. 

68 

Risks
Related to Our Eyewear Products Business 

If
we are unable to successfully introduce new products, develop our brands, and maintain a broad selection of products at competitive prices
or fail to maintain sufficient inventory to meet customer demands, our revenue could decline. 

In
order to expand our business, we must successfully offer, on a continuous basis, a broad selection of products that meet the needs of
our customers, including by being the first to market with new products. In addition, to be successful, our product offerings must be
broad and deep in scope, competitively priced, well-made, innovative and attractive to a wide range of consumers. We cannot predict with
certainty that we will be successful in offering products that meet all of these requirements. Moreover, even if we offer a broad selection
of products at competitive prices, we must maintain sufficient in-stock inventory to meet consumer demand. If our product offerings fail
to satisfy our customers requirements or respond to changes in customer preferences or we otherwise fail to maintain sufficient
in-stock inventory, our revenue could decline. 

The
price categories of the reader glasses and sunglasses markets in which we compete are particularly vulnerable to changes in fashion trends
and consumer preferences. Our historical success is attributable, in part, to our introduction of unique designs, interesting patterns,
and creative marketing, which are perceived to represent an improvement over eyeglasses and accessory products. Our future success will
depend on our continued ability to develop and introduce such innovative products and continued success in building our brands. If we
are unable to continue to do so, our future sales could decline, inventory levels could rise, leading to additional costs for storage
and potential write-downs relating to the value of excess inventory, and there could be a negative impact on production costs since fixed
costs would represent a larger portion of total production costs due to the decline in quantities produced, which could materially adversely
affect our results of operations. 

If
vision correction alternatives to OTC eyeglasses become more widely available, or consumer preferences for such alternatives increase,
our profitability could suffer through a reduction of sales of our reader eyewear products, including lenses and accessories. 

Our
business could be negatively impacted by the availability and acceptance of vision correction alternatives to OTC or reader eyeglasses,
such as contact lenses and refractive optical surgery. Increased use of vision correction alternatives could result in decreased use
of our reader eyewear products, including a reduction of sales of lenses and accessories sold in our retail outlets, which could have
a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Our
business depends on our ability to build and maintain strong brands. We may not be able to maintain and enhance our brands if we receive
unfavorable customer complaints, negative publicity, or otherwise fail to live up to consumers expectations, which could materially
adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects. 

Maintaining
and enhancing our brands is critical to expanding our base of customers and suppliers. Our ability to maintain and enhance our brand
depends largely on our ability to maintain customer confidence in our product and service offerings. If customers do not have a satisfactory
shopping experience, they may seek out alternative offers from our competitors and may not return to our displays and retail sites as
often in the future, or at all. In addition, unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, our practices relating to privacy and data
protection, product quality, delivery problems, competitive pressures, litigation or regulatory activity, could seriously harm our reputation.
Such negative publicity also could have an adverse effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of our customer base and result in decreased
revenue, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

In
addition, maintaining and enhancing these eyeglass product brands may require us to make substantial investments, and these investments
may not be successful. If we fail to promote and maintain our brands, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business,
operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. We anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly
competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brands may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Maintaining and enhancing our brands
will depend largely on our ability to provide high quality products to our customers and a reliable, trustworthy, and profitable sales
channel to our suppliers, which we may not be able to do successfully. 

Customer
complaints or negative publicity about our sites, products, delivery times, customer data handling and security practices or customer
support, especially on blogs, social media websites and our sites, could rapidly and severely diminish consumer use of our sites and
consumer and supplier confidence in us and result in harm to our brands. 

69 

Our
efforts to expand our business into new brands, products, services, technologies, and geographic regions will subject us to additional
business, legal, financial, and competitive risks and may not be successful. 

Our
business success depends to some extent on our ability to expand our customer offerings by launching new brands, which may include new
eyewear designs, new eyewear accessories, or personal care products, and by expanding our existing offerings into new retail locations
and geographies. Launching new brands and products or expanding geographically requires significant upfront investments, including investments
in marketing, information technology, and additional personnel. We may not be able to generate satisfactory revenue from these efforts
to offset the costs of such expansions. Any lack of market acceptance of our efforts to launch new brands and services or to expand our
existing offerings could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. Further,
as we continue to expand our fulfillment capability or add new businesses with different requirements, our logistics networks become
increasingly complex and operating them becomes more challenging. There can be no assurance that we will be able to operate our networks
effectively. 

We
have also entered and may continue to enter new markets in which we have limited or no experience, which may not be successful or appealing
to our customers. For instance, in 2020, we entered the personal care products industry by providing and selling surgical face masks
as well as N95 face masks to support the demand due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This, and other similar activities may present new and
difficult technological and logistical challenges, and resulting service disruptions, failures or other quality issues may cause customer
dissatisfaction and harm our reputation and brand. Further, our current and potential competitors in new market segments may have greater
brand recognition, financial resources, longer operating histories and larger customer bases than we do in these areas. As a result,
we may not be successful enough in these newer areas to recoup our investments in them. If this occurs, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 

The
loss of any of our key customers could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Historically,
a few long-term recurring customers have accounted for a majority of our revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022, a majority of
our revenues were from sales to customers from our retail agreement with Target. There can be no assurance that we will maintain or improve
the relationships with those customers or retailers. Our major customers often change each period based on when a given order is placed.
If we cannot maintain long-term relationships with major customers, lose our contract to sell retail eyewear and eyewear accessories
at Target, or replace major customers from period to period with equivalent customers, the loss of such sales could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we fail to acquire new customers or retain existing customers, or fail to do so in a cost-effective manner, we may not be able to achieve
profitability. 

Our
success depends on our ability to acquire and retain customers and maintain our relationships with retailers in a cost-effective manner.
If we fail to deliver a quality shopping experience, or if consumers do not perceive the products we offer to be of high value and quality,
we may not be able to acquire new customers. If we are unable to acquire new customers who purchase products in numbers sufficient to
grow our business, we may not be able to generate the scale necessary to drive beneficial network effects with our suppliers or efficiencies
in our logistics network, our net revenue may decrease, and our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially
adversely affected. 

If
our efforts to satisfy our existing customers are not successful, we may not be able to acquire new customers in sufficient numbers to
continue to grow our business, or we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenses in order to acquire new customers. 

We
are dependent upon relationships with manufacturers, including many located in Taiwan and China, which exposes us to complex regulatory regimes and logistical
challenges. 

All of our manufacturing is outsourced to contract manufacturers, including
many located in China and Taiwan, resulting in additional factors could interrupt our relationships or affect our ability to acquire the
necessary products on acceptable terms, including: 

political,
 social and economic instability and the risk of war or other international incidents in Asia
 or abroad; 

fluctuations
 in foreign currency exchange rates that may increase our cost of products; 

imposition
 of duties, taxes, tariffs or other charges on imports; 

difficulties
 in complying with import and export laws, regulatory requirements and restrictions; 

natural
 disasters and public health emergencies, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic; 

import
 shipping delays resulting from foreign or domestic labor shortages, slow-downs, or stoppage;
 and 

70 

the
 failure of local laws to provide a sufficient degree of protection against infringement of
 our intellectual property; 

imposition
 of new legislation relating to import quotas or other restrictions that may limit the quantity
 of our products that may be imported into the U.S. from countries or regions where we do
 business; 

financial
 or political instability in any of the countries in which our products are manufactured; 

potential
 recalls or cancellations of orders for any products that do not meet our quality standards; 

disruption
 of imports by labor disputes or strikes and local business practices; 

political
 or military conflict involving the U.S. or any country in which our suppliers are located,
 which could cause a delay in the transportation of our products, an increase in transportation
 costs and additional risk to products being damaged and delivered on time; 

heightened
 terrorism security concerns, which could subject imported goods to additional, more frequent
 or more thorough inspections, leading to delays in deliveries or impoundment of goods for
 extended periods; 

inability
 of our non-U.S. suppliers to obtain adequate credit or access liquidity to finance their
 operations; and 

our
 ability to enforce any agreements with our foreign suppliers. 

If
we were unable to import products from China and Taiwan or were unable to import products from China and Taiwan in a cost-effective manner,
we could suffer irreparable harm to our business and be required to significantly curtail our operations, file for bankruptcy or cease
operations. 

From
time to time, we may also have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights with foreign suppliers.
However, it may be more difficult to evaluate the level of legal protection we enjoy in Taiwan and China and the corresponding outcome
of any administrative or court proceedings than in comparison to our suppliers in the United States. 

Possible
new tariffs that might be imposed by the United States government could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Changes
in U.S. and foreign governments trade policies have resulted in, and may continue to result in, tariffs on imports into and exports
from the U.S., among other restrictions. Throughout 2018 and 2019, the U.S. imposed tariffs on imports from several countries, including
China. If further tariffs are imposed on imports of our products, or retaliatory trade measures are taken by China or other countries
in response to existing or future tariffs, we could be forced to raise prices on all of our imported products or make changes to our
operations, any of which could materially harm our revenue or operating results. Any additional future tariffs or quotas imposed on our
products or related materials may impact our sales, gross margin and profitability if we are unable to pass increased prices onto our
customers. 

We
are highly dependent upon key suppliers and an interruption in such relationships or our ability to obtain products from such suppliers
could adversely affect our business and the results of operations. 

In
2022 and 2021, we purchased a substantial portion of finished goods from four third-party vendors which comprised 87 and 92 of our
purchases, respectively. Our ability to acquire products from our suppliers in amounts and on terms acceptable to us is dependent upon
a number of factors that could affect our suppliers and which are beyond our control. For example, financial or operational difficulties
that some of our suppliers may face could result in an increase in the cost of the products we purchase from them. We also do not have
any exclusive contracts with our suppliers. If we do not maintain our relationships with our existing suppliers or develop relationships
with new suppliers on acceptable commercial terms, we may not be able to continue to offer a broad selection of merchandise at competitive
prices and, as a result, we could lose customers and our sales could decline. 

We
also have limited control over the products that our suppliers purchase or keep in stock. Our suppliers may not accurately forecast the
products that will be in high demand, or they may allocate popular products to other resellers, resulting in the unavailability of certain
products for delivery to our customers. Any inability to offer a broad array of products at competitive prices and any failure to deliver
those products to our customers in a timely and accurate manner may damage our reputation and brand and could cause us to lose customers
and our sales could decline. 

71 

Furthermore,
as part of our routine business, suppliers extend credit to us in connection with our purchase of their products. In the future, our
suppliers may limit the amount of credit they are willing to extend to us in connection with our purchase of their products. If this
were to occur, it could impair our ability to acquire the types and quantities of products that we desire from the applicable suppliers
on acceptable terms, severely impact our liquidity and capital resources, limit our ability to operate our business and could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may be unable to source new suppliers or strengthen our relationships with current suppliers. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, four main suppliers represented
approximately 92 of our product purchases. Our agreements with suppliers are generally terminable at will by either party upon short
notice. If we do not maintain our existing relationships or build new relationships with suppliers on acceptable commercial terms, we
may not be able to maintain a broad selection of merchandise, and our business and prospects would suffer severely. 

In
order to attract quality suppliers, we must: 

demonstrate
 our ability to help our suppliers increase their sales; 

offer
 suppliers a high quality, cost-effective fulfillment process; and 

continue
 to provide suppliers with a dynamic and real-time view of our demand and inventory needs. 

If
we are unable to provide our suppliers with a compelling return on investment and an ability to increase their sales, we may be unable
to maintain and/or expand our supplier network, which would negatively impact our business. 

Increased
prices and interruptions in deliveries for finished goods or raw materials could increase our cost of revenues and decrease demand for our
products, which could adversely affect our revenue or profitability. 

Our
profitability is affected by the prices of the finished goods and raw materials used in the manufacturing and sale of our products. These
prices may fluctuate based on a number of factors beyond our control, including, among others, changes in supply and demand, general
economic conditions, labor costs, competition, import duties, tariffs, currency exchange rates and, in some cases, government regulation.
Increased prices could adversely affect our profitability or revenues. We do not have long-term supply contracts for finished goods and
raw materials. Significant increases in the prices of finished goods and raw materials could adversely affect our profit margins, especially
if we are not able to recover these costs by increasing the prices we charge our customers for our products. 

Our
dependency upon regular deliveries from particular suppliers means that interruptions or stoppages in such deliveries could adversely
affect our operations until arrangements with alternate suppliers could be made. If any of our suppliers were unable to deliver finished
goods and raw materials to us for an extended period of time, as the result of financial difficulties, catastrophic events affecting
their facilities or other factors beyond our control, or if we were unable to negotiate acceptable terms for the supply of finished goods
and raw materials with these or alternative suppliers, our business could suffer. We may not be able to find acceptable alternatives,
and any such alternatives could result in increased costs for us. Even if acceptable alternatives are found, the process of locating
and securing such alternatives might be disruptive to our business. Extended unavailability of a necessary finished good or raw material
could cause us to cease manufacturing or selling one or more of our products for a period of time. 

We
depend on third-party delivery services, for both inbound and outbound shipping, to deliver our products to our distribution centers
and subsequently to our retail partners and customers on a timely and consistent basis, and any deterioration in our relationship with
any one of these third parties or increases in the fees that they charge could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business
and financial condition. 

We rely on third parties for the shipment of our products, both inbound
and outbound shipping logistics, and we cannot be sure that these relationships will continue on terms favorable to us, or at all. Shipping
costs have increased from time to time, and may continue to increase, and we may not be able to pass these costs directly to our customers.
Any increased shipping costs could harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our costs
of doing business and reducing gross margins which could negatively affect our operating results. In addition, we utilize a variety of
shipping methods for both inbound and outbound logistics. For inbound logistics, we rely on trucking, ocean carriers, and air carriers
and any increases in fees that they charge could adversely affect our business and financial condition. For outbound logistics, we rely
on Less-than-Truckload and parcel freight based upon the product and quantities being shipped and customer delivery requirements.
These outbound freight costs have increased on a year-over-year basis and may continue to increase in the future. 

72 

In
addition, if our relationships with these third parties are terminated or impaired, or if these third parties are unable to deliver products
for us, whether due to labor shortage, slow down or stoppage, deteriorating financial or business condition, responses to terrorist attacks
or for any other reason, we would be required to use alternative carriers for the shipment of products to our customers. Changing carriers
could have a negative effect on our business and operating results due to reduced visibility of order status and package tracking and
delays in order processing and product delivery, and we may be unable to engage alternative carriers on a timely basis, upon terms favorable
to us, or at all. 

In
the event of a catastrophic loss of our key distribution facility, our business would be adversely affected. 

While
we maintain insurance covering our facility, including business interruption insurance, a catastrophic loss of the use of all or a portion
of our distribution facility, due to accident, labor issues, weather conditions, natural disaster or otherwise, whether short or long-term,
could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our
business is highly competitive. Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. 

Our
business is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors. Our competition includes big box retailers, such
as Foster Grant, SAV Eyewear, Eyebobs, Peepers, Blue Gem, Sees Eyewear, Modo, and EyeOs, and online marketplaces, such as Amazon. 

We
expect competition to continue to increase. We believe that our ability to compete successfully depends upon many factors both within
and beyond our control, including: 

the
 size and composition of our customer base; 

the
 number of suppliers and products we feature; 

our
 selling and marketing efforts; 

the
 quality, price and reliability of products we offer; 

the
 quality and convenience of the shopping experience that we provide; 

our
 ability to distribute our products and manage our operations; and 

our
 reputation and brand strength. 

Many
of our current competitors have, and potential competitors may have, longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger fulfillment
infrastructures, greater technical capabilities, faster and less costly shipping, significantly greater financial, marketing and other
resources and larger customer bases than we do. These factors may allow our competitors to derive greater net revenue and profits from
their existing customer base, acquire customers at lower costs or respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and
changes in consumer habits. These competitors may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching
marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive pricing policies, which may allow them to build larger customer bases or generate net revenue
from their customer bases more effectively than we do. 

If
we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 

To
manage our growth effectively, we must continue to implement our operational plans and strategies, improve, and expand our infrastructure
of people and information systems and expand, train and manage our employee base. To support continued growth, we must effectively integrate,
develop and motivate new employees. We face significant competition for personnel. Failure to manage our hiring needs effectively or
successfully integrate our new hires may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

73 

Additionally,
the growth of our business places significant demands on our operations, as well as our management and other employees. The growth of
our business may require significant additional resources to meet these daily requirements, which may not scale in a cost-effective manner
or may negatively affect the quality of our sites and customer experience. We are also required to manage relationships with a growing
number of suppliers, customers and other third parties. Our information technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may
not be adequate to support future growth of our supplier and employee base. If we are unable to manage the growth of our organization
effectively, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 

Significant
merchandise returns could harm our business. 

We
allow our customers to return products, subject to our return policy. If merchandise returns are significant, our business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. Further, we modify our policies relating to returns from time to time,
which may result in customer dissatisfaction or an increase in the number of product returns. Many of our products are large and require
special handling and delivery. From time to time our products are damaged in transit, which can increase return rates and harm our brand. 

We
may be subject to product liability and other similar claims if people or property are harmed by the products we sell. 

Some
of the products we sell may expose us to product liability and other claims and litigation (including class actions) or regulatory action
relating to safety, personal injury, death or environmental or property damage. Some of our agreements with members of our supply chain
may not indemnify us from product liability for a particular product, and some members of our supply chain may not have sufficient resources
or insurance to satisfy their indemnity and defense obligations. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that
our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically
reasonable terms, or at all. 

We
are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management s
time and attention. 

From
time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. Litigation
disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, result in site unavailability, service disruptions, and otherwise occupy a significant
amount of our management s time and attention, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position.
We also from time to time receive inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information requests from government authorities and we
may become subject to related claims and other actions related to our business activities. While the ultimate outcome of investigations,
inquiries, information requests and related legal proceedings is difficult to predict, such matters can be expensive, time-consuming
and distracting, and adverse resolutions or settlements of those matters may result in, among other things, modification of our business
practices, reputational harm or costs and significant payments, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial
position. 

We
rely on the performance of members of management and highly skilled personnel, and if we are unable to attract, develop, motivate and
retain well-qualified employees, our business could be harmed. 

We
believe our success has depended, and continues to depend, on the members of our senior management teams. The loss of any of our senior
management or other key employees could materially harm our business. Our future success also depends on our continuing ability to attract,
develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees, particularly mid-level managers and merchandising and technology
personnel. The market for such positions is competitive. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs
to attract them. Our inability to recruit and develop mid-level managers could materially adversely affect our ability to execute our
business plan, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. All of our officers and other U.S. employees are at-will employees,
meaning that they may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business and industry would
be extremely difficult to replace. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining and motivating existing employees,
our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. 

74 

We
are subject to risks related to online payment methods. 

We
accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, PayPal, credit accounts and gift cards. As we offer new
payment options to consumers, we may be subject to additional regulations, compliance requirements and fraud. For certain payment methods,
including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower
profitability. We are also subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements, including the Payment
Card Industry Data Security Standard and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it
difficult or impossible for us to comply. As our business changes, we may also be subject to different rules under existing standards,
which may require new assessments that involve costs above what we currently pay for compliance. If we fail to comply with the rules
or requirements of any provider of a payment method we accept, if the volume of fraud in our transactions limits or terminates our rights
to use payment methods we currently accept, or if a data breach occurs relating to our payment systems, we may, among other things, be
subject to fines or higher transaction fees and may lose, or face restrictions placed upon, our ability to accept credit card and debit
card payments from consumers or to facilitate other types of online payments. If any of these events were to occur, our business, financial
condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected. 

We
occasionally receive orders placed with fraudulent credit card data. We may suffer losses as a result of orders placed with fraudulent
credit card data even if the associated financial institution approved payment of the orders. Under current credit card practices, we
may be liable for fraudulent credit card transactions. If we are unable to detect or control credit card fraud, our liability for these
transactions could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights. 

We
regard our customer lists, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, trademarks, proprietary technology and similar intellectual property
as critical to our success, and we rely on trade secret protection, agreements and other methods with our employees and others to protect
our proprietary rights. We might not be able to obtain broad protection for all of our intellectual property. The protection of our intellectual
property rights may require the expenditure of significant financial, managerial and operational resources. We may initiate claims or
litigation against others for infringement, misappropriation or violation of our intellectual property rights or proprietary rights or
to establish the validity of such rights. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense
to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and operating results. Moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights
or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights, and we may not be able to broadly enforce all of
our intellectual property rights. Any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative
process or litigation. Additionally, the process of obtaining intellectual property protections is expensive and time-consuming, and
we may not be able to pursue all necessary or desirable actions at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. Even if issued, there can
be no assurance that these protections will adequately safeguard our intellectual property, as the legal standards relating to the validity,
enforceability and scope of protection of patent and other intellectual property rights are uncertain. We also cannot be certain that
others will not independently develop or otherwise acquire equivalent or superior intellectual property rights. We may also be exposed
to claims from third parties claiming infringement of their intellectual property rights. These claims could result in litigation that
may materially affect our financial condition and operating results in a material and adverse way. 

We
may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 

We
may be subject to claims and litigation by third parties that we infringe on their intellectual property rights. The costs of supporting
such litigation and disputes are considerable, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. As our business
expands and the number of competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur, we expect that infringement claims may increase in
number and significance. Any claims or proceedings against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time-consuming, result in considerable
litigation costs, require significant amounts of management time or result in the diversion of significant operational resources, any
of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
have received in the past, and we may receive in the future, communications alleging that certain items posted on or sold through our
sites violate third-party copyrights, designs, marks and trade names or other intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights.
Brand and content owners and other proprietary rights owners have actively asserted their purported rights against online companies.
In addition to litigation from rights owners, we may be subject to regulatory, civil or criminal proceedings and penalties if governmental
authorities believe we have aided and abetted in the sale of counterfeit or infringing products. 

75 

Such
claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial, managerial and operational resources, injunctions
against us or the payment of damages by us. We may need to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that we have violated their
rights, but such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. These risks have been amplified by the increase
in third parties whose sole or primary business is to assert such claims. 

If
we do not continue to negotiate and maintain favorable license arrangements, our sales or cost of revenues could suffer. 

We
have entered into license agreements that enable us to manufacture and distribute prescription frames and sunglasses under certain names,
including Dr. Dean Edell. These license agreements typically have terms of multiple years and may contain options for renewal for additional
periods and require us to make guaranteed and contingent royalty payments to the licensor. Accordingly, if we are unable to negotiate
and maintain satisfactory license arrangements with some of our designers, our growth prospects and financial results could materially
suffer from a reduction in sales or an increase in advertising costs and royalty payments to designers. 

Existing
or future government regulation could expose us to liabilities and costly changes in our business operations and could reduce customer
demand for our products and services. 

We
are subject to federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations, including laws protecting the privacy of customer non-public
information and regulations prohibiting unfair and deceptive trade practices, as well as laws and regulations governing businesses in
general and the Internet and e-commerce and certain environmental laws. Additional laws and regulations may be adopted with respect to
the Internet. These laws may cover issues such as user privacy, spyware and the tracking of consumer activities, marketing e-mails and
communications, other advertising and promotional practices, money transfers, pricing, content and quality of products and services,
taxation, electronic contracts and other communications, intellectual property rights, and information security. Furthermore, it is not
clear how existing laws such as those governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, trespass, data mining and collection,
and personal privacy apply to the Internet and e-commerce. To the extent we expand into international markets, we will be faced with
complying with local laws and regulations, some of which may be materially different than U.S. laws and regulations. Any such foreign
law or regulation, any new U.S. law or regulation, or the interpretation or application of existing laws and regulations to our business
may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations by, among other things,
subjecting us to fines, penalties, damages or other liabilities, requiring costly changes in our business operations and practices, and
reducing customer demand for our products and services. We may not maintain sufficient, or any, insurance coverage to cover the types
of claims or liabilities that could arise as a result of such regulation. 

Risks
Related to Our Relationship with Our Manager 

Termination
of the management services agreement will not affect our manager s rights to receive profit allocations and removal of our manager
may cause us to incur significant fees. 

Our
manager owns all of our allocation shares, which generally will entitle our manager to receive a profit allocation as a form of preferred
distribution. In general, this profit allocation is designed to pay our manager 20 of the excess of the gains upon dispositions of our
subsidiaries, plus an amount equal to the net income of such subsidiaries since their acquisition by us, over an annualized hurdle rate.
If our manager resigns or is removed, for any reason, it will remain the owner of our allocation shares. It will therefore remain entitled
to all profit allocations while it holds our allocation shares regardless of whether it is terminated as our manager. If we terminate
our manager, it may therefore be difficult or impossible for us to find a replacement to serve the function of our manager, because we
would not be able to force our manager to transfer its allocation shares to a replacement manager so that the replacement manager could
be entitled to a profit allocation. Therefore, as a practical matter, it may be difficult for us to replace our manager without its cooperation.
If it becomes necessary to replace our manager and we are unable to replace our manager without its cooperation, we may be unable to
continue to manage our operations effectively and our business may fail. 

If
we terminate the management services agreement with our manager, any fees, costs and expenses already earned or otherwise payable to
our manager upon termination would become immediately due. Moreover, if our manager were to be removed and our management services agreement
terminated by a vote of our board of directors and a majority of our common shares other than common shares beneficially owned by our
manager, we would also owe a termination fee to our manager on top of the other fees, costs and expenses. In addition, the management
services agreement is silent as to whether termination of our manager for cause would result in a termination fee; there
is therefore a risk that the agreement may be interpreted to entitle our manager to a termination fee even if terminated for cause .
The termination fee would equal twice the sum of the amount of the quarterly management fees calculated with respect to the four fiscal
quarters immediately preceding the termination date of the management services agreement. As a result, we could incur significant management
fees as a result of the termination of our manager, which may increase the risk that our business may be unable to meet its financial
obligations or otherwise fail. 

76 

Mr.
Ellery W. Roberts, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, controls our manager. If some event were to occur to cause Mr. Roberts (or
his designated successor, heirs, beneficiaries or permitted assigns) not to control our manager without the prior written consent of
our board of directors, our manager would be considered terminated under our agreement. 

Our
manager and the members of our management team may engage in activities that compete with us or our businesses. 

Although
our Chief Executive Officer intends to devote substantially all of his time to the affairs of our company and our manager must present
all opportunities that meet our acquisition and disposition criteria to our board of directors, neither our manager nor our Chief Executive
Officer is expressly prohibited from investing in or managing other entities. In this regard, the management services agreement and the
obligation to provide management services will not create a mutually exclusive relationship between our manager and its affiliates, on
the one hand, and our company, on the other. See Item 1 Business Our Manager for more information about our
relationship with our manager and our management team. 

Our
manager need not present an acquisition opportunity to us if our manager determines on its own that such acquisition opportunity does
not meet our acquisition criteria. 

Our
manager will review any acquisition opportunity to determine if it satisfies our acquisition criteria, as established by our board of
directors from time to time. If our manager determines, in its sole discretion, that an opportunity fits our criteria, our manager will
refer the opportunity to our board of directors for its authorization and approval prior to signing a letter of intent, indication of
interest or similar document or agreement. Opportunities that our manager determines do not fit our criteria do not need to be presented
to our board of directors for consideration. In addition, upon a determination by our board of directors not to promptly pursue an opportunity
presented to it by our manager, in whole or in part, our manager will be unrestricted in its ability to pursue such opportunity, or any
part that we do not promptly pursue, on its own or refer such opportunity to other entities, including its affiliates. If such an opportunity
is ultimately profitable, we will have not participated in such opportunity. See Item 1 Business Our Manager Acquisition
and Disposition Opportunities for more information about our current acquisition criteria. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ellery W. Roberts, controls our manager and, as a result we may have difficulty severing ties with Mr. Roberts. 

Under
the terms of the management services agreement, our board of directors may, after due consultation with our manager, at any time request
that our manager replace any individual seconded to us, and our manager will, as promptly as practicable, replace any such individual.
However, because Mr. Roberts controls our manager, we may have difficulty completely severing ties with Mr. Roberts absent terminating
the management services agreement and our relationship with our manager. Further, termination of the management services agreement could
give rise to a significant financial obligation, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. See
Item 1 Business Our Manager for more information about our relationship with our manager. 

If
the management services agreement is terminated, our manager, as holder of the allocation shares, has the right to cause us to purchase
its allocation shares, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

If:
(i) the management services agreement is terminated at any time other than as a result of our manager s resignation, subject to
(ii); or (ii) our manager resigns, our manager will have the right, but not the obligation, for one year from the date of termination
or resignation, as the case may be, to cause us to purchase the allocation shares for the put price. The put price shall be equal to,
as of any exercise date: (i) if we terminate the management services agreement, the sum of two separate, independently made calculations
of the aggregate amount of the base put price amount as of such exercise date; or (ii) if our manager resigns, the average
of two separate, independently made calculations of the aggregate amount of the base put price amount as of such exercise
date. If our manager elects to cause us to purchase its allocation shares, we are obligated to do so and, until we have done so, our
ability to conduct our business, including our ability to incur debt, to sell or otherwise dispose of our property or assets, to engage
in certain mergers or consolidations, to acquire or purchase the property, assets or stock of, or beneficial interests in, another business,
or to declare and pay distributions, would be restricted. These financial and operational obligations may have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, business and results of operations. See Item 1 Business Our Manager Our Manager as
an Equity Holder Supplemental Put Provision for more information about our manager s put right and our obligations
relating thereto, as well as the definition and calculation of the base put price amount. 

77 

If
the management services agreement is terminated, we will need to change our name and cease our use of the term 1847 , which
in turn could have a material adverse impact upon our business and results of operations as we would be required to expend funds to create
and market a new name. 

Our
manager controls our rights to the term 1847 as it is used in the name of our company. We and any businesses that we acquire
must cease using the term 1847, including any trademark based on the name of our company that may be licensed to them by
our manager under the license provisions of our management services agreement, entirely in their businesses and operations within 180
days of our termination of the management services agreement. The sublicense provisions of the management services agreement would require
our company and its businesses to change their names to remove any reference to the term 1847 or any reference to trademarks
licensed to them by our manager. This also would require us to create and market a new name and expend funds to protect that name, which
may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We
have agreed to indemnify our manager under the management services agreement that may result in an indemnity payment that could have
a material adverse impact upon our business and results of operations. 

The
management services agreement provides that we will indemnify, reimburse, defend and hold harmless our manager, together with its employees,
officers, members, managers, directors and agents, from and against all losses (including lost profits), costs, damages, injuries, taxes,
penalties, interests, expenses, obligations, claims and liabilities of any kind arising out of the breach of any term or condition in
the management services agreement or the performance of any services under such agreement except by reason of acts or omissions constituting
fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence. If our manager is forced to defend itself in any claims or actions arising out of the
management services agreement for which we are obligated to provide indemnification, our payment of such indemnity could have a material
adverse impact upon our business and results of operations. 

Our
manager can resign on 120 days notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a
disruption in our operations that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations, as well
as the market price of our shares. 

Our
manager has the right, under the management services agreement, to resign at any time on 120 days written notice, whether we have found
a replacement or not. If our manager resigns, we may not be able to contract with a new manager or hire internal management with similar
expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 120 days, or at all, in which case our operations
are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations, as well as our ability to pay distributions
are likely to be materially adversely affected and the market price of our shares may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal
management, acquisition activities and supervision of our business is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement
with a single institution or group of executives having the experience and expertise possessed by our manager and its affiliates. Even
if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity
with our businesses may result in additional costs and time delays that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, business
and results of operations as well as the market price of our shares. 

The
amount recorded for the allocation shares may be subject to substantial period-to-period changes, thereby significantly adversely impacting
our results of operations. 

We
will record the allocation shares at the redemption value at each balance sheet date by recording any change in fair value through our
income statement as a dividend between net income and net income available to common shareholders. The redemption value of the allocation
shares is largely related to the value of the profit allocation that our manager, as holder of the allocation shares, will receive. The
redemption value of the allocation shares may fluctuate on a period-to-period basis based on the distributions we pay to our common shareholders,
the earnings of our businesses and the price of our common shares, which fluctuation may be significant, and could cause a material adverse
effect on our results of operations. See Item 1 Business Our Manager Our Manager as an Equity Holder 
for more information about the terms and calculation of the profit allocation and any payments under the supplemental put provisions
of our operating agreement. 

78 

We
cannot determine the amount of management fee that will be paid to our manager over time with certainty, which management fee may be
a significant cash obligation and may reduce the cash available for operations and distributions to our shareholders. 

Our
manager s management fee will be calculated by reference to our adjusted net assets, which will be impacted by the following factors: 

the
 acquisition or disposition of businesses; 

organic
 growth, add-on acquisitions and dispositions by our businesses; and 

the
 performance of our businesses. 

We
cannot predict these factors, which may cause significant fluctuations in our adjusted net assets and, in turn, impact the management
fee we pay to our manager. Accordingly, we cannot determine the amount of management fee that will be paid to our manager over time with
any certainty, which management fee may represent a significant cash obligation and may reduce the cash available for our operations
and distributions to our shareholders. 

We
must pay our manager the management fee regardless of our performance. Therefore, our manager may be induced to increase the amount of
our assets rather than the performance of our businesses. 

Our
manager is entitled to receive a management fee that is based on our adjusted net assets, as defined in the management services agreement,
regardless of the performance of our businesses. In this respect, the calculation of the management fee is unrelated to our net income.
As a result, the management fee may encourage our manager to increase the amount of our assets by, for example, recommending to our board
of directors the acquisition of additional assets, rather than increase the performance of our businesses. In addition, payment of the
management fee may reduce or eliminate the cash we have available for distributions to our shareholders. 

The
management fee is based solely upon our adjusted net assets; therefore, if in a given year our performance declines, but our adjusted
net assets remain the same or increase, the management fee we pay to our manager for such year will increase as a percentage of our net
income and may reduce the cash available for distributions to our shareholders. 

The
management fee we pay to our manager will be calculated solely by reference to our adjusted net assets. If in a given year our performance
declines, but our adjusted net assets remain the same or increase, the management fee we pay to our manager for such year will increase
as a percentage of our net income and may reduce the cash available for distributions to our shareholders. See Item 1 Business Our
Manager Our Manager as a Service Provider Management Fee for more information about the terms and calculation
of the management fee. 

The
amount of profit allocation to be paid to our manager could be substantial. However, we cannot determine the amount of profit allocation
that will be paid over time or the put price with any certainty. 

We
cannot determine the amount of profit allocation that will be paid over time or the put price with any certainty. Such determination
would be dependent on, among other things, the number, type and size of the acquisitions and dispositions that we make in the future,
the distributions we pay to our shareholders, the earnings of our businesses and the market value of common shares from time to time,
factors that cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time. Such factors will have a significant impact on the amount of any profit
allocation to be paid to our manager, especially if our share price significantly increases. See Item 1 Business Our
Manager Our Manager as an Equity Holder Manager s Profit Allocation for more information about the calculation
and payment of profit allocation. Any amounts paid in respect of the profit allocation are unrelated to the management fee earned for
performance of services under the management services agreement. 

The
management fee and profit allocation to be paid to our manager may significantly reduce the amount of cash available for distributions
to shareholders and for operations. 

Under
the management services agreement, we will be obligated to pay a management fee to and, subject to certain conditions, reimburse the
costs and out-of-pocket expenses of our manager incurred on our behalf in connection with the provision of services to us. Similarly,
our businesses will be obligated to pay fees to and reimburse the costs and expenses of our manager pursuant to any offsetting management
services agreements entered into between our manager and our businesses, or any transaction services agreements to which such businesses
are a party. In addition, our manager, as holder of the allocation shares, will be entitled to receive a profit allocation upon satisfaction
of applicable conditions to payment and may be entitled to receive the put price upon the occurrence of certain events. While we cannot
quantify with any certainty the actual amount of any such payments in the future, we do expect that such amounts could be substantial.
See Item 1 Business Our Manager for more information about these payment obligations. The management fee,
put price and profit allocation are payment obligations and, as a result, will be senior in right to the payment of any distributions
to our shareholders. Likewise, the profit allocation may also significantly reduce the cash available for operations. 

79 

Our
manager s influence on conducting our business and operations, including acquisitions, gives it the ability to increase its fees
and compensation to our Chief Executive Officer, which may reduce the amount of cash available for distributions to our shareholders. 

Under
the terms of the management services agreement, our manager is paid a management fee calculated as a percentage of our adjusted net assets
for certain items and is unrelated to net income or any other performance base or measure. See Item 1 Business Our Manager Our
Manager as a Service Provider Management Fee for more information about the calculation of the management fee. Our manager,
which Ellery W. Roberts, our Chief Executive Officer, controls, may advise us to consummate transactions, incur third-party debt or conduct
our operations in a manner that may increase the amount of fees paid to our manager which, in turn, may result in higher compensation
to Mr. Roberts because his compensation is paid by our manager from the management fee it receives from us. 

Fees
paid by our company and our businesses pursuant to transaction services agreements do not offset fees payable under the management services
agreement and will be in addition to the management fee payable by our company under the management services agreement. 

The
management services agreement provides that businesses that we may acquire in the future may enter into transaction services agreements
with our manager pursuant to which our businesses will pay fees to our manager. See Item 1 Business Our Manager Our
Manager as a Service Provider for more information about these agreements. Unlike fees paid under the offsetting management
services agreements, fees that are paid pursuant to such transaction services agreements will not reduce the management fee payable by
us. Therefore, such fees will be in addition to the management fee payable by us or offsetting management fees paid by businesses that
we may acquire in the future. 

The
fees to be paid to our manager pursuant to these transaction service agreements will be paid prior to any principal, interest or dividend
payments to be paid to us by our businesses, which will reduce the amount of cash available for distributions to our shareholders. 

Our
manager s profit allocation may induce it to make decisions and recommend actions to our board of directors that are not optimal
for our business and operations. 

Our
manager, as holder of all of the allocation shares, will receive a profit allocation based on the extent to which gains from any sales
of our subsidiaries plus their net income since the time they were acquired exceed a certain annualized hurdle rate. As a result, our
manager may be encouraged to make decisions or to make recommendations to our board of directors regarding our business and operations,
the business and operations of our businesses, acquisitions or dispositions by us or our businesses and distributions to our shareholders,
any of which factors could affect the calculation and payment of profit allocation, but which may otherwise be detrimental to our long-term
financial condition and performance. 

The
obligations to pay the management fee and profit allocation, including the put price, may cause us to liquidate assets or incur debt. 

If
we do not have sufficient liquid assets to pay the management fee and profit allocation, including the put price, when such payments
are due and payable, we may be required to liquidate assets or incur debt in order to make such payments. This circumstance could materially
adversely affect our liquidity and ability to make distributions to our shareholders. See Item 1 Business Our Manager 
for more information about these payment obligations. 

Risks
Related to Taxation 

Our
shareholders will be subject to taxation on their share of our taxable income, whether or not they receive cash distributions from us. 

Our
company is a limited liability company and is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Consequently, our shareholders
are subject to U.S. federal income taxation and, possibly, state, local and foreign income taxation on their share of our taxable income,
whether or not they receive cash distributions from us. There is, accordingly, a risk that our shareholders may not receive cash distributions
equal to their allocated portion of our taxable income or even in an amount sufficient to satisfy the tax liability that results from
that income. This risk is attributable to a number of variables, such as results of operations, unknown liabilities, government regulations,
financial covenants relating to our debt, the need for funds for future acquisitions and/or to satisfy short- and long-term working capital
needs of our businesses, and the discretion and authority of our board of directors to make distributions or modify our distribution
policy. 

80 

As
a partnership, our company itself will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax (except as may be imposed under certain recently enacted
partnership audit rules), although it will file an annual partnership information return with the IRS. The information return will report
the results of our activities and will contain a Schedule K-1 for each company shareholder reflecting allocations of profits or losses
(and items thereof) to our members, that is, to the shareholders. Each partner of a partnership is required to report on his or her income
tax return his or her share of items of income, gain, loss, deduction, credit, and other items of the partnership (in each case, as reflected
on such Schedule K-1) without regard to whether cash distributions are received. Each holder will be required to report on his or her
tax return his or her allocable share of company income, gain, loss, deduction, credit and other items for our taxable year that ends
with or within the holder s taxable year. Thus, holders of common shares will be required to report taxable income (and thus be
subject to significant income tax liability) without a corresponding current receipt of cash if we were to recognize taxable income and
not make cash distributions to the shareholders. 

Generally,
the determination of a holder s distributive share of any item of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partnership is
governed by the operating agreement, but is also subject to income tax laws governing the allocation of the partnership s income,
gains, losses, deductions or credits. These laws are complex, and there can be no assurance that the IRS would not successfully challenge
any allocation set forth in any Schedule K-1 issued by us. Whether an allocation set forth in any particular K-1 issued to a shareholder
will be accepted by the IRS also depends on a facts and circumstances analysis of the underlying economic arrangement of our shareholders.
If the IRS were to prevail in challenging the allocations provided by the operating agreement, the amount of income or loss allocated
to holders for U.S. federal income tax purposes could be increased or reduced or the character of allocated income or loss could be modified.
See Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations included in our prospectus, dated August 2, 2022 and filed with
the SEC on August 4, 2022, for more information. 

All
of our income could be subject to an entity-level tax in the United States, which could result in a material reduction in cash flow available
for distribution to shareholders and thus could result in a substantial reduction in the value our shares. 

Given
the number of shareholders that we have, and because our shares are listed for trading on the over-the-counter market, we believe that
our company will be regarded as a publicly-traded partnership. Under the federal tax laws, a publicly-traded partnership generally will
be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A publicly-traded partnership will be treated as a partnership, however,
and not as a corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes so long as 90 or more of its gross income for each taxable year in which it is
publicly traded constitutes qualifying income, within the meaning of section 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, or the Code, and we are not required to register under the Investment Company Act. Qualifying income generally includes dividends,
interest (other than interest derived in the conduct of a lending or insurance business or interest the determination of which depends
in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person), certain real property rents, certain gain from the sale or other disposition
of real property, gains from the sale of stock or debt instruments which are held as capital assets, and certain other forms of passive-type 
income. We expect to realize sufficient qualifying income to satisfy the qualifying income exception. We also expect that we will not
be required to register under the Investment Company Act. 

In
certain cases, income that would otherwise qualify for the qualifying income exception may not so qualify if it is considered to be derived
from an active conduct of a business. For example, the IRS may assert that interest received by us from our subsidiaries is not qualifying
income because it is derived in the conduct of a lending business. If we fail to satisfy the qualifying income exception or is required
to register under the Investment Company Act, we will be classified as a corporation for U.S. federal (and certain state and local) income
tax purposes, and shareholders would be treated as shareholders in a domestic corporation. We would be required to pay federal income
tax at regular corporate rates on its income. In addition, we would likely be liable for state and local income and/or franchise taxes
on our income. Distributions to the shareholders would constitute ordinary dividend income (taxable at then existing ordinary income
rates) or, in certain cases, qualified dividend income (which is generally subject to tax at reduced tax rates) to such holders to the
extent of our earnings and profits, and the payment of these dividends would not be deductible to us. Shareholders would receive an IRS
Form 1099-DIV in respect of such dividend income and would not receive a Schedule K-1. Taxation of our company as a corporation could
result in a material reduction in distributions to our shareholders and after-tax return and would likely result in a substantial reduction
in the value of, or materially adversely affect the market price of, our shares. 

81 

The
present U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our shares may be modified by administrative, legislative, or judicial
interpretation at any time, and any such action may affect investments previously made. For example, changes to the U.S. federal tax
laws and interpretations thereof could make it more difficult or impossible to meet the qualifying income exception for our company to
be classified as a partnership, and not as a corporation, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, necessitate that our company restructure
its investments, or otherwise adversely affect an investment in our shares. 

In
addition, we may become subject to an entity level tax in one or more states. Several states are evaluating ways to subject partnerships
to entity level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise, or other forms of taxation. If any state were to impose a
tax upon our company as an entity, our distributions to you would be reduced. 

Complying
with certain tax-related requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive business or investment opportunities or enter into
acquisitions, borrowings, financings, or arrangements we may not have otherwise entered into. 

In
order for our company to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not as a publicly traded partnership taxable
as a corporation, we must meet the qualifying income exception discussed above on a continuing basis and must not be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. In order to effect such treatment, we may be required to invest through foreign
or domestic corporations, forego attractive business or investment opportunities or enter into borrowings or financings we (or any of
our subsidiaries, as the case may be) may not have otherwise entered into. This may adversely affect our ability to operate solely to
maximize our cash flow. In addition, we may not be able to participate in certain corporate reorganization transactions that would be
tax free to our shareholders if we were a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

Non-corporate
investors who are U.S. taxpayers will not be able to deduct certain fees, costs or other expenses for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

We
will pay a management fee (and possibly certain transaction fees) to our manager. We will also pay certain costs and expenses incurred
in connection with activities of our manager. We intend to deduct such fees and expenses to the extent that they are reasonable in amount
and are not capital in nature or otherwise nondeductible. It is expected that such fees and other expenses will generally constitute
miscellaneous itemized deductions for non-corporate U.S. taxpayers who hold our shares. Under current law in effect for taxable years
beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026, non-corporate U.S. taxpayers may not deduct any such miscellaneous itemized
deductions for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A non-corporate U.S. taxpayer s inability to deduct such items could result in
such holder reporting as his or her share of company taxable income an amount that exceeds any cash actually distributed to such U.S.
taxpayer for the year. U.S. holders of our shares that are corporations generally will be able to deduct these fees, costs and expenses
in accordance with applicable U.S. federal income tax law. 

A
portion of the income arising from an investment in our shares may be treated as unrelated business taxable income and taxable to certain
tax-exempt holders despite such holders tax-exempt status. 

We
expect to incur debt with respect to certain of our investments that will be treated as acquisition indebtedness under
section 514 of the Code. To the extent we recognize income from any investment with respect to which there is acquisition indebtedness 
during a taxable year, or to the extent we recognize gain from the disposition of any investment with respect to which there is acquisition
indebtedness, a portion of that income will be treated as unrelated business taxable income and taxable to tax-exempt investors.
In addition, if the IRS successfully asserts that we are engaged in a trade or business for U.S. federal income tax purposes (for example,
if it determines we are engaged in a lending business), tax-exempt holders, and in certain cases non-U.S. holders, would be subject to
U.S. income tax on any income generated by such business. The foregoing would apply only if the amount of such business income does not
cause us to fail to meet the qualifying income test (which would happen if such income exceeded 10 of our gross income, and in which
case such failure would cause us to be taxable as a corporation). 

A
portion of the income arising from an investment in our shares may be treated as income that is effectively connected with our conduct
of a U.S. trade or business, which income would be taxable to holders who are not U.S. taxpayers. 

If
the IRS successfully asserts that we are engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes (for
example, if it determines we are engaged in a lending business), then in certain cases non-U.S. holders would be subject to U.S. income
tax on any income that is effectively connected with such business. It could also cause the non-U.S. holder to be subject to U.S. federal
income tax on a sale of his or her interest in our company. The foregoing would apply only if the amount of such business income does
not cause us to fail to meet the qualifying income test (which would happen if such income exceeded 10 of our gross income, and in which
case such failure would cause us to be taxable as a corporation). 

82 

Risks
related to recently enacted legislation. 

The
rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the
IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. No assurance can be given as to whether, when or in what form the U.S. federal income tax laws
applicable to us and our shareholders may be enacted. Changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws and interpretations of U.S. federal
income tax laws could adversely affect an investment in our shares. 

We
cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new U.S. federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be issued, nor
is the long-term impact of recently enacted tax legislation clear. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding
the effect of potential changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws on an investment in our shares. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Shares 

We
may not be able to maintain a listing of our common shares on NYSE American. 

Our
common shares are listed on NYSE American and we must meet certain financial and liquidity criteria to maintain the listing of our common
shares on NYSE American. If we fail to meet any listing standards or if we violate any listing requirements, our common shares may be
delisted. In addition, our board of directors may determine that the cost of maintaining our listing on a national securities exchange
outweighs the benefits of such listing. A delisting of our common shares from NYSE American may materially impair our shareholders 
ability to buy and sell our common shares and could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading
market for, our common shares. The delisting of our common shares could significantly impair our ability to raise capital and the value
of your investment. 

The
market price, trading volume and marketability of our common shares may, from time to time, be significantly affected by numerous factors
beyond our control, which may materially adversely affect the market price of your common shares, the marketability of your common shares
and our ability to raise capital through future equity financings. 

The
market price and trading volume of our common shares may fluctuate significantly. Many factors that are beyond our control may materially
adversely affect the market price of your common shares, the marketability of your common shares and our ability to raise capital through
equity financings. These factors include the following: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our periodic operating results; 

increases
 in market interest rates that lead investors of our common shares to demand a higher investment
 return; 

changes
 in earnings estimates; 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies; 

actions
 or announcements by our competitors; 

adverse
 market reaction to any increased indebtedness we may incur in the future; 

additions
 or departures of key personnel; 

actions
 by shareholders; 

speculation
 in the media, online forums, or investment community; and 

our
 intentions and ability to maintain the listing our common shares on NYSE American. 

83 

An
active, liquid trading market for our common shares may not be sustained, which may make it difficult for you to sell the common shares
you purchase. 

We
cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in us will sustain a trading market or how active and liquid that market may remain.
If an active and liquid trading market is not sustained, you may have difficulty selling any of our common shares that you purchase at
a price above the price you purchase them or at all. The failure of an active and liquid trading market to continue would likely have
a material adverse effect on the value of our common shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue
to fund operations by selling securities and may impair our ability to acquire other companies or technologies by using our securities
as consideration. 

Future
sales of common shares may affect the market price of our common shares. 

We
cannot predict what effect, if any, future sales of our common shares, or the availability of common shares for future sale, will have
on the market price of our common shares. Sales of substantial amounts of our common shares in the public market, or the perception that
such sales could occur, could materially adversely affect the market price of our common shares and may make it more difficult for you
to sell your common shares at a time and price which you deem appropriate. 

Rule
144 sales in the future may have a depressive effect on our share price. 

All
of the outstanding common shares held by the present officers, directors, and affiliate shareholders are restricted securities 
within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. As restricted shares, these shares
may be resold only pursuant to an effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions
from registration under the Securities Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that
a person who is an affiliate or officer or director who has held restricted securities for six months may, under certain conditions,
sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of 1.0 of a company s
outstanding common shares. There is no limitation on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate after the
owner has held the restricted securities for a period of six months if our company is a current, reporting company under the Exchange
Act. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Securities Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent registration
of common shares of present shareholders, may have a depressive effect upon the price of the common shares in any market that may develop. 

Our
series A senior convertible preferred shares and series B senior convertible preferred shares are senior to our common shares as to distributions
and in liquidation, which could limit our ability to make distributions to our common shareholders. 

Holders
of our series A senior convertible preferred shares and series B senior convertible preferred shares are entitled to quarterly dividends,
payable in cash or in common shares, at a rate per annum of 14.0 of the stated value 2.00 per share for our series A senior convertible
preferred shares and 3.00 per share for our series B senior convertible preferred shares), subject to adjustment. In addition, upon
any liquidation of our company or its subsidiaries, each holder of outstanding series A senior convertible preferred shares and series
B senior convertible preferred shares will be entitled to receive an amount of cash equal to 115 of the stated value, plus an amount
of cash equal to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not declared), before any payment shall be made to
or set apart for the holders of our common shares. This could limit our ability to make regular distributions to our common shareholders
or distributions upon liquidation. 

We
may issue additional debt and equity securities, which are senior to our common shares as to distributions and in liquidation, which
could materially adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 

In
the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by entering into additional debt or debt-like financing that is secured
by all or up to all of our assets, or issuing debt or equity securities, which could include issuances of commercial paper, medium-term
notes, senior notes, subordinated notes or shares. In the event of our liquidation, our lenders and holders of our debt securities would
receive a distribution of our available assets before distributions to our shareholders. 

Any
additional preferred securities, if issued by our company, may have a preference with respect to distributions and upon liquidation,
which could further limit our ability to make distributions to our common shareholders. Because our decision to incur debt and issue
securities in our future offerings will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate
the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings and debt financing. 

Further,
market conditions could require us to accept less favorable terms for the issuance of our securities in the future. Thus, you will bear
the risk of our future offerings reducing the value of your common shares and diluting your interest in us. In addition, we can change
our leverage strategy from time to time without approval of holders of our common shares, which could materially adversely affect the
market share price of our common shares. 

84 

Our
potential future earnings and cash distributions to our shareholders may affect the market price of our common shares. 

Generally,
the market price of our common shares may be based, in part, on the market s perception of our growth potential and our current
and potential future cash distributions, whether from operations, sales, acquisitions or refinancings, and on the value of our businesses.
For that reason, our common shares may trade at prices that are higher or lower than our net asset value per share. Should we retain
operating cash flow for investment purposes or working capital reserves instead of distributing the cash flows to our shareholders, the
retained funds, while increasing the value of our underlying assets, may materially adversely affect the market price of our common shares.
Our failure to meet market expectations with respect to earnings and cash distributions and our failure to make such distributions, for
any reason whatsoever, could materially adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 

Were
our common shares to be considered penny stock, and therefore become subject to the penny stock rules, U.S. broker-dealers may be discouraged
from effecting transactions in our common shares. 

Our
common shares may be subject to the penny stock rules under the Exchange Act. These rules regulate broker-dealer practices for transactions
in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 per share. The penny stock
rules require broker-dealers that derive more than 5 of their customer transaction revenues from transactions in penny stocks to deliver
a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks, and the nature and level of risks in the penny
stock market, to any non-institutional customer to whom the broker-dealer recommends a penny stock transaction. The broker-dealer must
also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations
and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to completing
the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. In addition, the penny
stock rules require that prior to a transaction, the broker and/or dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock
is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. The transaction costs
associated with penny stocks are high, reducing the number of broker-dealers who may be willing to engage in the trading of our common
shares. These additional penny stock disclosure requirements are burdensome and may reduce all the trading activity in the market for
our common shares. As long as our common shares are subject to the penny stock rules, holders of our common shares may find it more difficult
to sell their shares. 

Holders
of our common shares may not be entitled to a jury trial with respect to claims arising under our operating agreement, which could result
in less favorable outcomes to the plaintiffs in any such action. 

Our
operating agreement governing our common shares provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, holders of our common shares waive
the right to a jury trial of any claim they may have against us arising out of or relating to our operating agreement, including any
claim under the U.S. federal securities laws. 

If
we opposed a jury trial demand based on the waiver, the court would determine whether the waiver was enforceable based on the facts and
circumstances of that case in accordance with the applicable state and federal law. To our knowledge, the enforceability of a contractual
pre-dispute jury trial waiver in connection with claims arising under the federal securities laws has not been finally adjudicated by
the United States Supreme Court. However, we believe that a contractual pre-dispute jury trial waiver provision is generally enforceable,
including under the laws of the State of Delaware, which govern our operating agreement, by a federal or state court in the State of
Delaware, which has non-exclusive jurisdiction over matters arising under the operating agreement. In determining whether to enforce
a contractual pre-dispute jury trial waiver provision, courts will generally consider whether a party knowingly, intelligently and voluntarily
waived the right to a jury trial. We believe that this is the case with respect to our operating agreement. It is advisable that you
consult legal counsel regarding the jury waiver provision before entering into the operating agreement. 

If
you or any other holders or beneficial owners of our common shares bring a claim against us in connection with matters arising under
our operating agreement, including claims under federal securities laws, you or such other holder or beneficial owner may not be entitled
to a jury trial with respect to such claims, which may have the effect of limiting and discouraging lawsuits against us. If a lawsuit
is brought against us under our operating agreement, it may be heard only by a judge or justice of the applicable trial court, which
would be conducted according to different civil procedures and may result in different outcomes than a trial by jury would have, including
results that could be less favorable to the plaintiffs in any such action. 

Nevertheless,
if this jury trial waiver provision is not permitted by applicable law, an action could proceed under the terms of the operating agreement
with a jury trial. No condition, stipulation or provision of the operating agreement serves as a waiver by any holder or beneficial owner
of our common shares or by us of compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

85 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Our
principal office is located at 590 Madison Avenue, 21st Floor, New York, NY 10022. We entered into an office service agreement with Regus Management
Group, LLC for use of office space at this location effective January 22, 2013. Under the agreement, in exchange for our right to use
the office space at this location, we are required to pay a monthly fee of 479 (excluding taxes). 

Asien s
is located at 1801 Piner Rd., Santa Rosa, CA 95401. The site is approximately 11,000 square feet in total and consists of a 6,000 square
foot showroom display area as well as a general office, accounting office, service department and 4,000 square foot warehouse. We lease
this site on a month-to-month basis for approximately 9,700 per month. We also rent an additional 3,000 square feet of warehouse and
office space in an adjacent building for 2,000 per month. 

Kyle s
is located at 10849 W. Emerald St. Boise, ID 83713. It operates from a 6,600 square foot facility, which includes corporate offices,
administration, production floor, warehouse, and employee areas. On September 1, 2020, Kyle s entered into an industrial lease
agreement with Stephen Mallatt, Jr. and Rita Mallatt, the sellers of Kyle s. The lease is for a term of five years, with an option
for a renewal term of five years, and provides for a base rent of 7,000 per month for the first 12 months, which will increase to 7,210
for months 13-16 and to 7,426 for months 37-60. In addition, Kyle s is responsible for all taxes, insurance and certain operating
costs during the lease term. The lease agreement contains customary events of default, representations, warranties and covenants. 

On
June 9, 2021, Kyle s entered into a lease agreement for an additional facility located at 11193 W. Emerald St. Boise, ID 83713.
The facility consists of 9,530 square feet of office and warehouse space. The lease commenced on January 1, 2022 and is for a term of
62 months, with an option for a renewal term of five years, and provides for a base rent of 3,336 for months 3-4 (with no payments for
the first two months), with gradual increases to 7,508 for final year. In addition, Kyle s is responsible for its proportionate
share of all taxes, insurance and certain operating costs during the lease term. The lease agreement contains customary events of default,
representations, warranties and covenants. 

High
Mountain is located at 4935 Brookside Ct, Reno, NV 89502. It operates from a 23,115 square foot facility, which includes corporate offices,
a production floor and warehouse space, that it leases. The existing lease for this property commenced on January 1, 2018 and was for
a period of 48 months, expiring on December 31, 2021. High Mountain is continuing to pay on a month-to-month basis until the new facility
described below is ready. The base rent is 12,767 per month. In addition, High Mountain is responsible for its proportionate share of
all taxes, insurance and certain operating costs. The lease agreement contains customary events of default, representations, warranties
and covenants. 

On
October 29, 2021, High Mountain entered into a lease for a new 42,000 square foot facility located at 8895 Double Diamond Pkwy, Reno,
NV 89521. The term of the lease commenced on June 1, 2022 (upon the completion of improvements) and is for a period of 61 months. The
base rent is 29,400 for months 2-13 (with no payments for the first month), with gradual increases to 34,394 for months 50-61. In addition,
High Mountain is responsible for its proportionate share of all taxes, insurance and certain operating costs during the lease term. The
lease agreement contains customary events of default, representations, warranties and covenants. 

Innovative
Cabinets is headquartered at 4690 Longley Lane, Suite 29, Reno, NV 89509. It operates from a 4,078 square foot facility, which includes
corporate offices, showroom and warehouse space. The term of the lease commenced on April 1, 2020 and is for a period of 36 months. The
base rent is 2,936 for the first year, with gradual increases to 3,140 for the final year. In addition, Innovative Cabinets is responsible
for its proportionate share of all taxes, insurance and certain operating costs during the lease term. The lease agreement contains customary
events of default, representations, warranties and covenants. 

86 

Innovative
Cabinets also leases a 24,000 square foot facility located at 875 East Patriot Boulevard, Suite 280, Reno, NV 89511, consisting of warehouse
and production space. The term of the lease commenced on January 1, 2021 and is for a period of 61 months. The base rent is 15,600 for
2021, with gradual increases to 18,085 for 2026. In addition, Innovative Cabinets is responsible for its proportionate share of all
taxes, insurance and certain operating costs during the lease term. The lease agreement contains customary events of default, representations,
warranties and covenants. 

Wolo
is located at 1 Saxwood St., Deer Park, NY 11729. This 10,000 square foot facility houses our offices, production space and stored inventory.
The term of the lease for this space commenced in 1978 and has been extended numerous times. Pursuant to the latest amendment entered
into in April 2022, the lease expires on July 31, 2025 and provides for a monthly rent of 7,518 for the first year, with scheduled annual
increases. The lease agreement contains customary events of default, representations, warranties, and covenants. 

We
believe that all our properties have been adequately maintained, are generally in good condition, and are suitable and adequate for our
businesses. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm our business. We are not currently aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

87 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
Information 

Our
common shares are listed for trading on NYSE American under the symbol EFSH. 

Number
of Holders of Our Common Shares 

As
of April 10, 2023, there were approximately 52 shareholders of record of our common shares. In computing the number of holders of record
of our common shares, each broker-dealer and clearing corporation holding shares on behalf of its customers is counted as a single shareholder. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have in effect any compensation plans under which our equity securities were authorized for issuance
and we did not have any outstanding share options. 

Dividend
Policy 

Holders
of our series A senior convertible preferred shares are entitled to dividends at a rate per annum of 14.0 of the stated value of 2.00
per share (subject to adjustment). Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative. Dividends
shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date in cash or common shares at our discretion. Dividends payable in
common shares shall be calculated based on a price equal to eighty percent (80 of the volume weighted average price for the common
shares on our principal trading market during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable dividend payment date; provided
that if our common shares are not registered, any dividends payable in common shares shall be calculated based upon the fixed price of
 1.57; and provided further that we may only elect to pay dividends in common shares based upon such fixed price if the volume weighted
average price for the common shares on our principal trading market during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable
dividend payment date is 1.57 or higher. 

88 

Holders
of our series B senior convertible preferred shares are entitled to dividends at a rate per annum of 14.0 of the stated value of 3.00
per share (subject to adjustment). Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative. Dividends
shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date in cash or common shares at our discretion. Dividends payable in
common shares shall be calculated based on a price equal to eighty percent (80 of the volume weighted average price for the common
shares our principal trading market during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable dividend payment date; provided
that if our common shares are not registered, any dividends payable in common shares shall be calculated based upon the fixed price of
 2.70; and provided further that we may only elect to pay dividends in common shares based upon such fixed price if the volume weighted
average price for the common shares on our principal trading market during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable
dividend payment date is 2.70 or higher 

We
plan to make regular quarterly distributions on our outstanding common shares in an amount that is equal to 0.13125 (or 0.525 per annum),
subject to our operating subsidiaries generating sufficient cash flow to support such regular cash distributions. 

Our
distribution policy will be based on the liquidity and capital of our businesses and on our intention to pay out as distributions to
our shareholders most of the cash resulting from the ordinary operation of the businesses, and not to retain significant cash balances
in excess of what is prudent for our company or our businesses, or as may be prudent for the consummation of attractive acquisition opportunities.
If our strategy is successful, we expect to maintain and increase the level of quarterly distributions to common shareholders in the
future. 

The
declaration and payment of any monthly distribution to our common shareholders will be subject to the approval of our board of directors.
Our board of directors will take into account such matters as general business conditions, our financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements and any contractual, legal and regulatory restrictions on the payment of distributions by us to our shareholders
or by our subsidiaries to us, and any other factors that the board of directors deems relevant. However, even if our board of directors
were to decide to declare and pay distributions, our ability to pay such distributions may be adversely impacted due to unknown liabilities,
government regulations, financial covenants of our debt, funds needed for acquisitions and to satisfy short- and long-term working capital
needs of our businesses, or if our operating subsidiaries do not generate sufficient earnings and cash flow to support the payment of
such distributions. In particular, we may incur debt in the future to acquire new businesses, which debt will have substantial debt commitments,
which must be satisfied before we can make distributions. These factors could affect our ability to continue to make quarterly distributions
to our common shareholders. 

We
may use cash flow from our operating subsidiaries, capital resources, including borrowings under any third-party credit facilities that
we establish, or reduction in equity to pay a distribution. See Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
included in our prospectus, dated August 2, 2022 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, on August 4, 2022,
for more information about the tax treatment of distributions to our shareholders. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
have not sold any equity securities during the 2022 fiscal year that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q
or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed during the 2022 fiscal year. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities 

No
repurchases of our common shares were made during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

89 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The
following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting our operating results, financial condition, liquidity
and cash flows as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our
financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. The discussion contains forward-looking statements
that are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Actual
results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including
those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in the sections titled Risk Factors and Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Overview 

We
are an acquisition holding company focused on acquiring and managing a group of small businesses, which we characterize as those that
have an enterprise value of less than 50 million, in a variety of different industries headquartered in North America. 

On
May 28, 2020, our subsidiary 1847 Asien acquired Asien s. Asien s has been in business since 1948 serving the North Bay area
of Sonoma County, California. It provides a wide variety of appliance services, including sales, delivery/installation, in-home service
and repair, extended warranties, and financing. Its main focus is delivering personal sales and exceptional service to its customers
at competitive prices. 

On
September 30, 2020, our subsidiary 1847 Cabinet acquired Kyle s. Kyle s is a leading custom cabinetry maker servicing contractors
and homeowners since 1976 in Boise, Idaho and the surrounding area. Kyle s focuses on designing, building, and installing custom
cabinetry primarily for custom and semi-custom builders. 

On
March 30, 2021, our subsidiary 1847 Wolo acquired Wolo. Headquartered in Deer Park, New York and founded in 1965, Wolo designs and sells
horn and safety products (electric, air, truck, marine, motorcycle and industrial equipment), and offers vehicle emergency and safety
warning lights for cars, trucks, industrial equipment and emergency vehicles. 

On
October 8, 2021, our subsidiary 1847 Cabinet acquired High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets. Headquartered in Reno, Nevada and founded
in 2014, High Mountain specializes in all aspects of finished carpentry products and services, including doors, door frames, base boards,
crown molding, cabinetry, bathroom sinks and cabinets, bookcases, built-in closets, and fireplace mantles, among others, working primarily
with large homebuilders of single-family homes and commercial and multi-family developers. Innovative Cabinets is headquartered in Reno,
Nevada and was founded in 2008. It specializes in custom cabinetry and countertops for a client base consisting of single-family homeowners,
builders of multi-family homes, as well as commercial clients. 

On
February 9, 2023, our subsidiary 1847 ICU acquired ICU Eyewear. Headquartered in Hollister, California and founded in 1956, ICU Eyewear
specializes in the sale and distribution of reading eyewear and sunglasses, blue light blocking eyewear, sun readers, and other outdoor
specialty sunglasses, as well as select health and personal care items, including face masks. 

Through
our structure, we offer investors an opportunity to participate in the ownership and growth of a portfolio of businesses that traditionally
have been owned and managed by private equity firms, private individuals or families, financial institutions or large conglomerates.
We believe that our management and acquisition strategies will allow us to achieve our goals of growing regular distributions to
our common shareholders and increasing common shareholder value over time. 

We
seek to acquire controlling interests in small businesses that we believe operate in industries with long-term macroeconomic growth opportunities,
and that have positive and stable earnings and cash flows, face minimal threats of technological or competitive obsolescence and have
strong management teams largely in place. We believe that private company operators and corporate parents looking to sell their businesses
will consider us to be an attractive purchaser of their businesses. We make these businesses our majority-owned subsidiaries and actively
manage and grow such businesses. We expect to improve our businesses over the long term through organic growth opportunities, add-on
acquisitions and operational improvements. 

Recent
Developments 

Warrant
Dividend 

On
January 3, 2023, we issued warrants for the purchase of 407,872 common shares as a dividend to our common shareholders of record as of
December 23, 2022 pursuant to a warrant agent agreement, dated January 3, 2023, with VStock Transfer, LLC. Each holder of common shares
received a warrant to purchase one (1) common share for every ten (10) common shares owned as of the record date (with the number of
shares underlying the warrant received rounded down to the nearest whole number). Each warrant represents the right to purchase common
shares at an initial exercise price of 4.20 per share (subject to certain adjustments as set forth in the warrants). At any time we
may, at our option, voluntarily reduce the then-current exercise price to such amount and for such period or periods of time which may
be through the expiration date as may be deemed appropriate by our board of directors. Cashless exercises of the warrants are not permitted. 

90 

The
warrants will generally be exercisable in whole or in part beginning on the later of (i) January 3, 2024 or (ii) the date that a registration
statement on Form S-3 with respect to the issuance and registration of the common shares underlying the warrants has been filed with
and declared effective by the SEC, and thereafter until January 3, 2026. 

We
may redeem the warrants at any time in whole or in part at 0.001 per warrant (subject to equitable adjustment to reflect share splits,
share dividends, share combinations, recapitalizations and like occurrences) upon not less than 30 days prior written notice to
the registered holders of the warrants. 

Private
Placements 

On
February 3, 2023, we entered into securities purchase agreements with two accredited investors, pursuant to which we issued to such investors
(i) promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 604,000, which include an original issue discount in the amount of 60,400,
(ii) five-year warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of 125,833 common shares at an exercise price of 4.20 per share (subject to
adjustment) and (iii) an aggregate of 125,833 common shares for an aggregate purchase price of 543,600. 

On
February 9, 2023, we entered into securities purchase agreements with the same two accredited investors, pursuant to which we issued
to such investors (i) promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 2,557,575, which include an original issue discount in the
amount of 139,091, and (ii) five-year warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of 532,827 common shares at an exercise price of 4.20
per share (subject to adjustment). We also issued 289,772 common shares to one investor and issued to the other investor a five-year
warrant for the purchase of 243,055 common shares at an exercise price of 0.01 per share (subject to adjustment). The aggregate purchase
price was 2,301,818. 

On
February 22, 2023, we entered into another securities purchase agreement with one of the investors pursuant to which we issued to such
investor (i) a promissory note in the principal amount of 878,000, which includes an original issue discount in the amount of 87,800,
(ii) a five-year warrant for the purchase of 182,917 common shares at an exercise price of 4.20 per share (subject to adjustment) and
(iii) a five-year warrant for the purchase of 198,343 common shares at an exercise price of 0.01 per share (subject to adjustment) for
a total purchase price of 790,200. 

In
the aggregate, we issued promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 4,039,575, warrants for the purchase of an aggregate
of 1,282,975 common shares and 415,605 common shares for gross proceeds of 3,635,618 and net proceeds of approximately 3,553,118. 

The
notes bear interest at a rate of 12 per annum and mature on the first anniversary of the date of issuance; provided that any principal
amount or interest which is not paid when due shall bear interest at a rate of the lesser of 16 per annum or the maximum amount permitted
by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid. The notes require monthly payments of principal and interest commencing in May
2023. We may voluntarily prepay the outstanding principal amount and accrued interest of each note in whole upon payment of certain prepayment
fees. In addition, if at any time we receive cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, including, but
not limited to, the issuance of equity or debt, the exercise of outstanding warrants, the issuance of securities pursuant to an equity
line of credit (as defined in the notes) or the sale of assets outside of the ordinary course of business, each holder shall have the
right in its sole discretion to require us to immediately apply up to 50 of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding
principal amount and interest then due under the notes. The notes are unsecured and have priority over all other unsecured indebtedness.
The notes contain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default for a loan of this type. 

The
notes are convertible into common shares at the option of the holders at any time on or following the date that an event of default (as
defined in the notes) occurs under the notes at a conversion price equal the lower of (i) 4.20 (subject to adjustments) and (ii) 80 
of the lowest volume weighted average price of our common shares on any trading day during the five (5) trading days prior to the conversion
date; provided that such conversion price shall not be less than 0.03 (subject to adjustments). 

91 

The
conversion price of the notes and the exercise price of the warrants are subject to standard adjustments, including a price-based adjustment
in the event that we issue any common shares or other securities convertible into or exercisable for common shares at an effective price
per share that is lower than the conversion or exercise price, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, the notes and the warrants
contain an ownership limitation, such that we shall not effect any conversion or exercise, and the holders shall not have the right to
convert or exercise, any portion of the notes or the warrants to the extent that after giving effect to the issuance of common shares
upon conversion or exercise, such holder, together with its affiliates and any other persons acting as a group together with such holder
or any of its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of common shares outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of common shares upon conversion or exercise. 

Acquisition
of ICU Eyewear 

On
December 21, 2022, our newly formed wholly owned subsidiaries 1847 ICU and 1847 ICU Acquisition Sub Inc. entered into an agreement and
plan of merger, or the merger agreement, with ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc. and San Francisco Equity Partners, as the stockholder representative,
which was amended on February 9, 2023. 

On
February 9, 2023, closing of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement was completed. Pursuant to the merger agreement, 1847
ICU Acquisition Sub Inc. merged with and into ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc., with ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc. surviving the merger as a wholly
owned subsidiary of 1847 ICU. The merger consideration paid by 1847 ICU to the stockholders of ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc. consists of
(i) 4,000,000 in cash, minus any unpaid debt of ICU Eyewear and certain transaction expenses, and (ii) 6 subordinated promissory notes
in the aggregate principal amount of 500,000. 

The
notes bear interest at the rate of 6 per annum with all principal and accrued interest being due and payable in one lump sum on February
9, 2024; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in the notes), such interest rate shall increase to 10 . 1847 ICU may prepay
all or any portion of the notes at any time prior to the maturity date without premium or penalty of any kind. The notes contain customary
events of default, including, without limitation, in the event of (i) non-payment, (ii) a default by 1847 ICU of any of its covenants
in the notes, the merger agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with the merger agreement, or a breach of any of
the representations or warranties under such documents, (iii) the insolvency or bankruptcy of 1847 ICU or ICU Eyewear or (iv) a change
of control (as defined in the notes) of 1847 ICU or ICU Eyewear. The notes are unsecured and subordinated to all senior indebtedness
(as defined in the notes). 

Loan
and Security Agreement 

On
February 9, 2023, 1847 ICU and ICU Eyewear entered into a loan and security agreement, or the loan agreement, with Industrial Funding
Group, Inc. for a revolving loan of up to 5,000,000, which is evidenced by a secured promissory note in the principal amount of
up to 5,000,000. On February 9, 2023, we received an advance of 2,063,182 under the note, of which 1,963,182 was used to repay certain
debt of ICU Eyewear in connection with the merger agreement, with the remaining 100,000 used to pay lender fees. On February 11, 2023,
the Industrial Funding Group, Inc. sold and assigned the loan agreement, the note and related loan documents to GemCap Solutions, LLC. 

The
note matures on February 9, 2025 with all advances bearing interest at an annual rate equal to the greater of (i) the sum of (a) the
 Prime Rate as reported in the Money Rates column of The Wall Street Journal, adjusted as and when such prime
rate changes, plus (b) eight percent (8.00 ), and (ii) fifteen percent (15.00 ); provided that following and during the continuation
of an event of default (as defined in the loan agreement), interest on the unpaid principal balance of the advances shall accrue at an
annual rate equal to such rate plus three percent (3.00 ). Interest accrued on the advances shall be payable monthly commencing on March
7, 2023. We may voluntarily prepay the entire unpaid principal amount of the note without premium or penalty; provided that in the event
that we make such prepayment on or before February 9, 2024, then we must pay certain fees set forth in the note. The note is secured
by all of the assets of 1847 ICU and ICU Eyewear. 

The
loan agreement contains customary representations, warranties and affirmative and negative financial and other covenants for loans of
this type. The loan agreement contains customary events of default, including, among others: (i) for failure to pay principal and interest
on the note when due, or to pay any fees due under the loan agreement; (ii) for failure to perform any covenant or agreement contained
in the loan agreement or any document delivered in connection therewith; (iii) if any statement, representation or warranty in the loan
agreement or any document delivered in connection therewith is at any time found to have been false in any material respect at the time
such representation or warranty was made; (iv) if we default under any agreement or contract with a third party which default would result
in a liability to us in excess of 25,000; (v) for any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, or dissolution or assignment
to creditors; (vi) if any judgments or attachments aggregating in excess of 10,000 at any given time are obtained against us which remain
unstayed for a period of ten (10) days or are enforced or if there is an indictment under an criminal statute or proceeding pursuant
to which remedies sought may include the forfeiture of any property; (vii) if a material adverse effect or change of control (each as
defined in the loan agreement) shall have occurred; (viii) for certain environmental claims; and (ix) for failure to notify the lender
of certain events or failure to deliver certain documentation required by the loan agreement. 

92 

Amendment
to Conversion Agreement 

On March 30, 2023, we entered into an amendment
to the conversion agreement described in Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt Related Party Promissory Note 
below, effective retroactively to October 1, 2022. Pursuant to the amendment, we agreed to pay a total of 642,544 in three monthly payments
commencing on April 5, 2023. 

Amendment to 6 Amortizing Promissory Note 

On April 6, 2023, we entered into an amendment
to the 6 amortizing promissory note described in in Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt 6 Amortizing
Promissory Note below, effective retroactively to October 20, 2022. Pursuant to the amendment, the parties agreed to extend
the maturity date of the note to July 30, 2023 and revised the repayment terms so that the outstanding principal amount and all accrued
interest thereon shall be payable in three payments on April 6, 2023, June 30, 2023 and July 30, 2023. As additional consideration for
entering into the amendment, we also agreed to pay an amendment fee of 84,362 on the maturity date. 

Impact
of Coronavirus Pandemic 

In
December 2019, a novel coronavirus disease, or COVID-19, was initially reported and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization
characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. COVID-19 has had a widespread and detrimental effect on the global economy as a result of the continued
increase in the number of cases and affected countries and actions by public health and governmental authorities, businesses, other organizations,
and individuals to address the outbreak, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place, stay at home or total
lock-down orders and business limitations and shutdowns. 

Despite
recent developments of vaccines, the duration and severity of COVID-19, mutations and possible additional mutations and the degree of
their impact on our business is uncertain and difficult to predict. The continued spread of the outbreak could result in one or more
of the following conditions that could have a material adverse impact on our business operations and financial condition: delays or difficulty
sourcing certain products and raw materials; increased costs for such products and raw materials; and loss of productivity due to employee
absences. Notably, approximately 90 of Wolo s vendor base is located in China. The pandemic issues impacting ports in the U.S.
due to lack of personnel has had a ripple effect on Chinese suppliers. Containers are slow to be emptied in the U.S., causing a backlog
of ships waiting to get into ports and limiting containers and ships returning to China. The lack of containers and available space on
ships has escalated shipping costs by over 300 from 2020. Our inability to respond to and manage the potential impact of such events
effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
efforts to help mitigate the negative impact of the outbreak on our business may not be effective, and we may be affected by a protracted
economic downturn. Furthermore, while many governmental authorities around the world have and continue to enact legislation to address
the impact of COVID-19, including measures intended to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects of the virus, we
may not benefit from such legislation, or such legislation may prove to be ineffective in addressing COVID-19 s impact on our and
our customer s businesses and operations. Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience impacts
to our business as a result of COVID-19 s global economic impact and any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future.
Further, as the COVID-19 situation is unprecedented and continuously evolving, COVID-19 may also affect our operating and financial results
in a manner that is not presently known to us or in a manner that we currently do not consider that may present significant risks to
our operations. 

The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted as of the date of this report. Nevertheless, the pandemic and the current financial, economic and capital markets
environment, and future developments in the global supply chain and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to
our performance, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See also Item 1A Risk Factors for more
information. 

Management
Fees 

On
April 15, 2013, we and our manager entered into a management services agreement, pursuant to which we are required to pay our manager
a quarterly management fee equal to 0.5 of our adjusted net assets for services performed (which we refer to as the parent management
fee). The amount of the parent management fee with respect to any fiscal quarter is (i) reduced by the aggregate amount of any management
fees received by our manager under any offsetting management services agreements with respect to such fiscal quarter, (ii) reduced (or
increased) by the amount of any over-paid (or under-paid) parent management fees received by (or owed to) our manager as of the end of
such fiscal quarter, and (iii) increased by the amount of any outstanding accrued and unpaid parent management fees. We did not expense
any parent management fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

93 

1847
Asien entered into an offsetting management services agreement with our manager on May 28, 2020, 1847 Cabinet entered into an offsetting
management services agreement with our manager on August 21, 2020 (which was amended and restated on October 8, 2021), 1847 Wolo entered
into an offsetting management services agreement with our manager on March 30, 2021 and 1847 ICU entered into an offsetting management
services agreement with our manager on February 9, 2023. Pursuant to the offsetting management services agreements, each of 1847 Asien,
1847 Wolo and 1847 ICU appointed our manager to provide certain services to it for a quarterly management fee equal to the greater of
 75,000 or 2 of adjusted net assets (as defined in the management services agreement) and 1847 Cabinet appointed our manager to provide
certain services to it for a quarterly management fee equal to the greater of 75,000 or 2 of adjusted net assets (as defined in the
management services agreement), which was increased to 125,000 or 2 of adjusted net assets on October 8, 2021; provided, however, in
each case that if the aggregate amount of management fees paid or to be paid by such entities, together with all other management fees
paid or to be paid to our manager under other offsetting management services agreements, exceeds, or is expected to exceed, 9.5 of our
gross income in any fiscal year or the parent management fee in any fiscal quarter, then the management fee to be paid by such entities
shall be reduced, on a pro rata basis determined by reference to the other management fees to be paid to our manager under other offsetting
management services agreements. 

Each
of these entities shall also reimburse our manager for all of their costs and expenses which are specifically approved by their board
of directors, including all out-of-pocket costs and expenses, which are actually incurred by our manager or its affiliates on behalf
of these entities in connection with performing services under the offsetting management services agreements. 

1847
Asien expensed management fees of 300,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

1847
Cabinet expensed management fees of 500,000 and 350,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

1847
Wolo expensed management fees of 300,000 and 225,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On
a consolidated basis, our company expensed total management fees of 1,100,000 and 875,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Segments 

The
Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standard Codification, or ASC, Topic 280, Segment Reporting , requires
that an enterprise report selected information about reportable segments in its financial reports issued to its shareholders. As of December
31, 2022, we have three reportable segments - the retail and appliances segment, which is operated by Asien s, the construction
segment, which is operated by Kyle s, High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets, and the automotive supplies segment, which is operated
by Wolo. 

The retail
and appliances segment is comprised of the business of Asien s, which is based in Santa Rosa, California, and provides a wide variety
of appliance services including sales, delivery, installation, service and repair, extended warranties, and financing. 

The construction
segment is comprised of the businesses of Kyle s, High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets. Kyle s, which is based in Boise,
Idaho, provides a wide variety of construction services including custom design and build of kitchen and bathroom cabinetry, delivery,
installation, service and repair, extended warranties, and financing. High Mountain, which is based in Reno, Nevada, specializes in all
aspects of finished carpentry products and services, including doors, door frames, base boards, crown molding, cabinetry, bathroom sinks
and cabinets, bookcases, built-in closets, and fireplace mantles, among others, as well as window installation. Innovative Cabinets,
also based in Reno, Nevada, specializes in custom cabinetry and countertops. 

The
automotive supplies segment is comprised of the business of Wolo, which is based in Deer Park, New York, and designs and sells horn and
safety products (electric, air, truck, marine, motorcycle and industrial equipment), and offers vehicle emergency and safety warning
lights for cars, trucks, industrial equipment and emergency vehicles. 

We
provide general corporate services to our segments; however, these services are not considered when making operating decisions and assessing
segment performance. These services are reported under Corporate Services below and these include costs associated with
executive management, financing activities and public company compliance. 

94 

Discontinued
Operations 

On
April 19, 2021, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with the original owners of Neese, pursuant to which they purchased our 55 
ownership interest in 1847 Neese for a purchase price of 325,000 in cash. As a result of this transaction, 1847 Neese is no longer a
subsidiary of our company. All financial information of 1847 Neese previously presented as part of land management services operations
are classified as discontinued operations and not presented as part of continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth key components of our results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, both in dollars
and as a percentage of our revenues. 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Amount 
 
 of Revenues 
 Amount 
 
 of Revenues 
 
 Revenues 
 48,929,124 
 100.00 
 30,660,984 
 100.0 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Cost of revenues 
 33,227,730 
 67.9 
 20,100,906 
 65.6 
 
 Personnel 
 9,531,101 
 19.5 
 3,803,497 
 12.4 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 2,037,112 
 4.2 
 908,982 
 3.0 
 
 General
 and administrative 
 9,872,689 
 20.2 
 6,951,498 
 22.7 
 
 Total
 Operating Expenses 
 54,668,632 
 111.7 
 31,764,883 
 103.6 
 
 Loss From Operations 
 (5,739,508 
 (11.7 
 (1,103,899 
 (3.6 
 
 Other Income (Expenses) 

Other
 income (expense) 
 (11,450 
 (0.0 
 876 
 0.0 
 
 Interest
 expense 
 (4,594,740 
 (9.4 
 (1,296,537 
 (4.2 
 
 Gain
 on forgiveness of debt 
 - 
 - 
 360,302 
 1.2 
 
 Gain
 on disposal of property and equipment 
 65,417 
 0.1 
 10,885 
 0.0 
 
 Gain
 on disposition of subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 3,282,804 
 10.7 
 
 Loss
 on extinguishment of debt 
 (2,039,815 
 (4.2 
 (137,692 
 (0.4 
 
 Loss
 on redemption of preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 (4,017,553 
 (13.1 
 
 Loss
 on write-down of contingent note payable 
 (158,817 
 (0.3 
 (602,204 
 (2.0 
 
 Total
 Other Income (Expense) 
 (6,739,405 
 (13.8 
 (2,399,119 
 (7.8 
 
 Net Loss Before Income Taxes 
 (12,478,913 
 (25.5 
 (3,503,018 
 (11.4 
 
 Income
 tax benefit (expense) 
 1,677,000 
 3.4 
 (218,139 
 (0.7 
 
 Net Loss
 From Continuing Operations 
 (10,801,913 
 (22.1 
 (3,721,157 
 (12.1 

Total
revenues . Our total revenues were 48,929,124 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 30,660,984 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

The
retail and appliances segment generates revenue through the sales of home furnishings, including appliances and related products. Revenues
from the retail and appliances segment decreased by 2,069,934, or 16.2 , to 10,671,129 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 12,741,063
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such decrease was primarily due to ongoing supply chain delays and cost increases with appliance
manufacturers, increased time it takes to receive products, and decreased customer demand. 

The
construction segment generates revenue through the sale of finished carpentry products and services, including doors, door frames, base
boards, crown molding, cabinetry, bathroom sinks and cabinets, bookcases, built-in closets, and fireplace mantles, among others, as well
as kitchen countertops. Revenues from the construction segment increased by 19,565,017, or 160.3 , to 31,768,907 for the year ended
December 31, 2022 from 12,203,890 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to the acquisitions of High
Mountain and Innovative Cabinets, which were acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. Excluding these acquisitions, revenues from the
construction segment increased by 514,545, or 9.5 . Such increase was primarily due to increases in the average customer contract in
the construction segment. 

The
automotive supplies segment generates revenue through the design and sale of horn and safety products (electric, air, truck, marine,
motorcycle and industrial equipment), including vehicle emergency and safety warning lights for cars, trucks, industrial equipment and
emergency vehicles. Revenues from the automotive supplies segment increased by 773,057, or 13.5 , to 6,489,088 for the year ended December
31, 2022 from 5,716,031 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Wolo, which was
acquired on March 31, 2021. 

95 

Cost
of revenues . Our total cost of revenues was 33,227,730 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 20,100,906 for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Cost
of revenues for the retail and appliances segment consists of the cost of purchased merchandise plus the cost of delivering merchandise
and where applicable installation, net of promotional rebates and other incentives received from vendors. Cost of revenues for the retail
and appliances segment decreased by 1,579,436, or 16.1 , to 8,203,401 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 9,782,837 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. Such decrease primarily due to the decrease in revenues from the retail and appliance segment. As a percentage
of retail and appliances revenues, cost of revenues for the retail and appliances segment was 76.9 and 76.8 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Cost
of revenues for the construction segment consists of finished goods, lumber, hardware and materials and plus direct labor and related costs,
net of any material discounts from vendors. Cost of revenues for the construction segment increased by 14,270,276, or 212.7 , to 20,980,103
for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 6,709,827 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to the acquisitions
of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets, which were acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. Excluding these acquisitions, cost of revenues
for the construction segment increased by 544,095, or 18.4 . Such increase was primarily due to the corresponding increase in revenues
from the construction segment, as well as increased product and delivery costs. As a percentage of construction revenues, cost of revenues
for the construction segment was 66.0 and 55.0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Cost
of revenues for the automotive supplies segment consists of the costs of purchased finished goods plus freight and tariff costs. Cost of
revenues for the automotive supplies segment increased by 435,984, or 12.1 , to 4,044,226 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 3,608,242
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Wolo, which was acquired on March 31, 2021.
As a percentage of automotive supplies revenues, cost of revenues for the automotive supplies segment was 62.3 and 63.1 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Personnel
costs . Personnel costs include employee salaries and bonuses plus related payroll taxes. It also includes health insurance premiums,
401(k) contributions, and training costs. Our total personnel costs were 9,531,101 for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared
to 3,803,497 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Personnel
costs for the retail and appliances segment increased by 38,626, or 4.9 , to 822,539 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 783,913
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily to increased employee headcount as a result of previous staffing shortages
in the retail and appliances segment. As a percentage of retail and appliances revenue, personnel costs for the retail and appliances
segment were 7.7 and 6.2 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Personnel
costs for the construction segment increased by 4,636,931, or 316.9 , to 6,100,374 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,463,443
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to the acquisitions of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets, which
were acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. Excluding these acquisitions, personnel costs for the construction segment decreased by
 47,132, or 4.9 . Such decrease was primarily due to decreased office personnel headcount in the construction segment. As a percentage
of construction revenue, personnel costs for the construction segment were 19.2 and 12.0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Personnel
costs for the automotive supplies segment increased by 79,466, or 12.1 , to 1,094,361 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,014,895
for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to the acquisition of Wolo, which was acquired on March 31, 2021.
As a percentage of automotive supplies revenues, personnel costs for the automotive supplies segment was 16.9 and 17.8 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Personnel
costs for our holding company increased by 972,581, or 179.7 , to 1,513,827 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 541,246 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to increased headcount and management bonuses. 

Depreciation
and amortization . Our total depreciation and amortization expense increased by 1,128,130, or 124.1 , to 2,037,112 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 from 908,982 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily as a result of the intangible
assets and property and equipment acquired in the acquisitions of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets, which were acquired in the fourth
quarter of 2021. 

96 

General
and administrative expenses . Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of professional advisor fees, stock-based
compensation, bad debts reserve, rent expense, advertising, bank fees, and other expenses incurred in connection with general operations.
Our total general and administrative expenses were 9,872,689 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 6,951,498 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

General
and administrative expenses for the retail and appliances segment decreased by 267,180, or 13.9 , to 1,649,702 for the year ended December
31, 2022 from 1,916,882 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such decrease was primarily due to the decrease in revenues from the retail
and appliance segment. As a percentage of retail and appliances revenue, general and administrative expenses for the retail and appliances
segment were 15.5 and 15.0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

General
and administrative expenses for the construction segment increased by 2,780,074, or 117.0 , to 5,156,425 for the year ended December
31, 2022 from 2,376,351 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to the acquisitions of High Mountain and
Innovative Cabinets, which were acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021. Excluding these acquisitions, general and administrative expenses
for the construction segment decreased by 26,926, or 2.5 . Such decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in management fees
as a result of the acquisitions of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets, offset by increased rent from a new facility lease in the construction
segment. As a percentage of construction revenue, general and administrative expenses for the construction segment were 16.2 and 19.5 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

General
and administrative expenses for the automotive supplies segment decreased by 637,326, or 33.3 , to 1,275,369 for the year ended December
31, 2022 from 1,912,695 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such decrease was primarily due to the lack of acquisition related costs
during the current period. As a percentage of automotive supplies revenue, general and administrative expenses for the automotive supplies
segment were 19.7 and 33.5 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

General
and administrative expenses for our holding company increased by 1,045,623, or 140.2 , to 1,791,193 for the year ended December 31,
2022 from 745,570 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was primarily due to increased professional fees and corporate
insurance. 

Total
other income (expense) . We had 6,739,405 in total other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to other
expense, net, of 2,399,119 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted
of interest expense of 4,594,740, a loss on extinguishment of debt of 2,039,815, a loss on write-down of contingent note payable of
 158,817 and other expense of 11,450, offset by a gain on disposal of property and equipment of 65,417, while other expense, net, for
the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of a loss on redemption of preferred shares of 4,017,553, interest expense of 1,296,537,
a loss on write-down of contingent note payable of 602,204 and a loss on extinguishment of debt of 137,692, offset by a gain on disposition
of subsidiary of 3,282,804 related to the disposition of Neese, a gain on forgiveness of debt of 360,302, a gain on sale of property
and equipment of 10,885 and other income of 876. The loss on extinguishment of debt was a result of partially settling debt through
the issuance of common shares and the significant increase in interest expense was primarily a result of note issuances during the period
and convertible debt issuances during the fourth quarter of 2021 in order to help finance the acquisitions of High Mountain and Innovative
Cabinets. 

Income
tax benefit (expense) . We had an income tax benefit of 1,677,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to an income tax expense of 218,139 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
loss from continuing operations . As a result of the cumulative effect of the factors described above, our net loss from continuing
operations was 10,801,913 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 3,721,157 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase
of 7,080,756, or 190.3 . 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 1,079,355. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through revenue
generated from operations, cash proceeds from financing activities, borrowings, and equity contributions by our shareholders. 

97 

Although we do not believe that we will require additional cash to
continue our operations over the next twelve months, we do believe additional funds are required to execute our business plan and our
strategy of acquiring additional businesses. The funds required to execute our business plan will depend on the size, capital structure
and purchase price consideration that the seller of a target business deems acceptable in a given transaction. The amount of funds needed
to execute our business plan also depends on what portion of the purchase price of a target business the seller of that business is willing
to take in the form of seller notes or our equity or equity in one of our subsidiaries. We will seek growth as funds become available
from cash flow, borrowings, additional capital raised privately or publicly, or seller retained financing. 

Our
primary use of funds will be for future acquisitions, public company expenses including regular distributions to our shareholders, investments
in future acquisitions, payments to our manager pursuant to the management services agreement, potential payment of profit allocation
to our manager and potential put price to our manager in respect of the allocation shares it owns. The management fee, expenses, potential
profit allocation and potential put price are paid before distributions to shareholders and may be significant and exceed the funds we
hold, which may require us to dispose of assets or incur debt to fund such expenditures. Item 1 Business Our Manager 
for more information concerning the management fee, the profit allocation and put price. 

The
amount of management fee paid to our manager by us is reduced by the aggregate amount of any offsetting management fees, if any, received
by our manager from any of our businesses. As a result, the management fee paid to our manager may fluctuate from quarter to quarter.
The amount of management fee paid to our manager may represent a significant cash obligation. In this respect, the payment of the management
fee will reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to shareholders. 

Our
manager, as holder of 100 of our allocation shares, is entitled to receive a twenty percent (20 profit allocation as a form of preferred
equity distribution, subject to an annual hurdle rate of eight percent (8 ), as follows. Upon the sale of a subsidiary, our manager will
be paid a profit allocation if the sum of (i) the excess of the gain on the sale of such subsidiary over a high-water mark plus (ii)
the subsidiary s net income since its acquisition by us exceeds the 8 hurdle rate. The 8 hurdle rate is the product of (i) a
2 rate per quarter, multiplied by (ii) the number of quarters such subsidiary was held by us, multiplied by (iii) the subsidiary s
average share (determined based on gross assets, generally) of our consolidated net equity (determined according to GAAP with certain
adjustments). In certain circumstances, after a subsidiary has been held for at least 5 years, our manager may also trigger a profit
allocation with respect to such subsidiary (determined based solely on the subsidiary s net income since its acquisition). The
amount of profit allocation may represent a significant cash payment and is senior in right to payments of distributions to our shareholders.
Therefore, the amount of profit allocation paid, when paid, will reduce the amount of cash available to us for our operating and investing
activities, including future acquisitions. See Item 1 Business Our Manager Our Manager as an Equity Holder Manager s
Profit Allocation for more information on the calculation of the profit allocation. 

Our
operating agreement also contains a supplemental put provision, which gives our manager the right, subject to certain conditions, to
cause us to purchase the allocation shares then owned by our manager upon termination of the management services agreement. The amount
of put price under the supplemental put provision is determined by assuming all of our subsidiaries are sold at that time for their fair
market value and then calculating the amount of profit allocation would be payable in such a case. If the management services agreement
is terminated for any reason other than our manager s resignation, the payment to our manager could be as much as twice the amount
of such hypothetical profit allocation. As is the case with profit allocation, the calculation of the put price is complex and based
on many factors that cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time. See Item 1 Business Our Manager Our Manager
as an Equity Holder Supplemental Put Provision for more information on the calculation of the put price. The put price
obligation, if our manager exercises its put right, will represent a significant cash payment and is senior in right to payments of distributions
to our shareholders. Therefore, the amount of put price will reduce the amount of cash available to us for our operating and investing
activities, including future acquisitions. 

98 

Summary
of Cash Flow 

The
following table provides detailed information about our net cash flow for the period indicated: 

Cash
Flow 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used
 in operating activities from continuing operations 
 (4,131,477 
 (897,566 
 
 Net cash used in investing
 activities from continuing operations 
 (160,418 
 (15,684,770 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations 
 3,987,717 
 16,585,520 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in
 cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations 
 (304,178 
 3,184 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 1,383,533 
 1,380,349 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalent at end of year 
 1,079,355 
 1,383,533 

Net
cash used in operating activities from continuing operations was 4,131,477 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 897,566
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash used from operating activities was primarily a result of the increased net
loss, decreased receivables, and increased deferred tax liability, offset by increased inventories and increased accounts payable and
accrued expenses. 

Net
cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was 160,418 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 15,684,770
for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily a result of the cash paid in acquisitions
during the prior year. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations was 3,987,717 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to
 16,585,520 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash provided by investing activities was primarily a result of decreased
proceeds from preferred shares and notes payable issuances and increased dividend payments, offset by an equity offering and decreased
notes payable payments. 

Series
A Unit Offering 

On
March 26, 2021, we sold an aggregate of 1,818,182 units, at a price of 1.65 per unit, for aggregate gross proceeds of 3,000,000. Each
unit consists of one (1) series A senior convertible preferred share and a three-year warrant to purchase one (1) common share at an
exercise price of 10.00 per common share (subject to adjustment), which such exercise price was adjusted to 4.20 following the adjustments
described below, which may be exercised on a cashless basis under certain circumstances. As described in further detail below, we contributed
to 1847 Wolo the 3,000,000 raised in this offering in exchange for 1,000 shares of 1847 Wolo s series A preferred stock, at a
price of 3,000 per share, to fund, in part, the planned acquisition of Wolo by 1847 Wolo. 

In
exchange for the consent of the holders of our outstanding series A senior convertible preferred shares to the issuance of these units
at a lower purchase price than such holders paid for their shares, we issued an aggregate of 99,710 common shares to such holders. 

Series
B Unit Offering 

From
February 24, 2022 to March 24, 2022, we sold an aggregate of 426,999 units, at a price of 3.00 per unit, for aggregate gross proceeds
of 1,281,000. From April 20, 2022 to May 19, 2022, we sold an aggregate of 54,567 units to our Chief Executive Officer, Ellery
W. Roberts, for aggregate gross proceeds of 163,700. We had total issuance costs relating to these offerings of approximately 15,000,
resulting in net proceeds of 1,429,700. Each unit consists of one (1) series B senior convertible preferred share and a three-year warrant
to purchase one (1) common share at an exercise price of 12.00 per share (subject to adjustment), which such exercise price was adjusted
to 4.20 following the down round warrant adjustments described below, which may be exercised on a cashless basis under certain circumstances. 

Private
Placement 

On
July 8, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with Mast Hill Fund, L.P., pursuant to which we issued to it a promissory
note in the principal amount of 600,000 and a five-year warrant for the purchase of 100,000 common shares at an exercise price of 6.00
per share (subject to adjustment), which such exercise price was adjusted to 4.20 following the adjustments described below, which may
be exercised on a cashless basis if the market price of our common shares is greater than the exercise price, for total net proceeds
of 499,600. Additionally, we issued a three-year warrant to J.H. Darbie Co (the broker) for the purchase of 3,600 common shares
at an exercise price of 7.50 (subject to adjustment), which such exercise price was adjusted to 4.20 following the adjustments described
below, which may be exercised on a cashless basis if the market price of our common shares is greater than the exercise price. Accordingly,
a portion of the proceeds were allocated to the warrants based on its relative fair value using the Geometric Brownian Motion Stock Path
Monte Carlo Simulation. On August 10, 2022, the promissory note was repaid in full. 

99 

Public
Offering 

On
August 2, 2022, we entered into an underwriting agreement with Craft Capital Management LLC and R.F. Lafferty Co. Inc., as representatives
of the underwriters named on Schedule 1 thereto, relating to our public offering of common shares. Under the underwriting agreement,
we agreed to sell 1,428,572 common shares to the underwriters, at a gross purchase price per share of 4.20 per share, pursuant to our
registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-259011) under the Securities Act. On August 5, 2022, the closing of the public offering
was completed and we sold 1,428,572 common shares for total gross proceeds of 6 million. After deducting underwriting commissions and
expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately 5.15 million. 

Dividends 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we accrued dividends attributable to the series A senior convertible preferred shares in the amount
of 590,162 and paid prior period accrued dividends of 615,593. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we accrued dividends attributable to the series B senior convertible preferred shares in the amount
of 162,268 and paid prior period accrued dividends of 129,103. 

On
November 10, 2021, we declared a common share dividend of 0.05 per share, or an aggregate of 242,160, to shareholders of record as
of December 31, 2021. The dividend paid was paid on January 14, 2022. 

On
March 23, 2022, we declared a common share dividend of 0.05 per share, or an aggregate of 249,762, to shareholders of record as of
March 31, 2022. This dividend was paid on April 15, 2022. 

On
July 29, 2022, we declared a common share dividend of 0.13125 per share, or an aggregate of 337,841, to shareholders of record as of
August 4, 2022. This dividend was paid on August 19, 2022. 

On
August 23, 2022, we declared a common share dividend of 0.13125 per share, or an aggregate of 505,751 to shareholders of record as
of September 30, 2022. This dividend was paid on October 17, 2022. 

Warrant
Adjustments 

As
a result of the issuance of the note to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on July 8, 2022, the exercise price of certain of our outstanding warrants
was adjusted to 5.20 pursuant to certain antidilution provisions of such warrants (down round feature). In addition, certain of our
outstanding warrants include an full ratchet feature, whereby the exercise price was reset to 5.20 and the number of shares
underlying the warrants was increased in the same proportion as the exercise price decrease. As a result, we recognized a deemed dividend
of approximately 6.4 million, which was calculated using a Black-Scholes pricing model. 

As
a result of the public offering, the exercise price of certain of our outstanding warrants was adjusted to 4.20 pursuant to certain
antidilution provisions of such warrants (down round feature). In addition, certain of our outstanding warrants include an full
ratchet feature, whereby the exercise price was reset to 4.20 and the number of shares underlying the warrants was increased
in the same proportion as the exercise price decrease. As a result, we recognized a deemed dividend of approximately 2.6 million, which
was calculated using a Black-Scholes pricing model. 

100 

Debt 

Secured
Convertible Promissory Notes 

On
October 8, 2021, we and each of our subsidiaries 1847 Asien, 1847 Wolo, 1847 Cabinet, Asien s, Wolo, Kyle s, High Mountain
and Innovative Cabinets, entered into a note purchase agreement with two institutional investors, including Leonite, pursuant to which
we issued to these purchasers secured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 24,860,000. The notes contain
an aggregate original issue discount of 497,200. As a result, the total purchase price was 24,362,800. After payment of expenses of
 617,825, we received net proceeds of 23,744,975, of which 10,687,500 was used to fund the cash portion of the purchase price for the
acquisition of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets. In addition, as consideration for the financing, we granted the financing agent
187,500 warrants with a fair value of 956,526 and 7.5 interest in High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets which had a fair value of 1,146,803.
The agent fees were reflected as a discount against the convertible note payable with the warrants being included in additional paid
in capital and the equity interest being including within noncontrolling interest on the consolidated balance sheet. The remaining principal
balance of the convertible notes at December 31, 2022 is 22,432,803, net of debt discounts of 2,427,197, and an accrued interest balance
of 500,702. 

The
notes bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 4.75 plus the U.S. Prime Rate that appears in The Wall Street
Journal from time to time or (ii) 8 ; provided that, upon an event of default (as defined in the notes), such rate shall increase
to 24 or the maximum legal rate. Payments of interest only, computed at such rate on the outstanding principal amount, will be due and
payable quarterly in arrears commencing on January 1, 2022 and continuing on the first day of each calendar quarter thereafter through
and including the maturity date, October 8, 2026. 

We may voluntarily prepay
the notes in whole or in part upon payment of a prepayment fee in an amount equal to 10 of the principal and interest paid in connection
with such prepayment. In addition, immediately upon receipt by our company or any subsidiary of any proceeds from any issuance of indebtedness
(other than certain permitted indebtedness), any proceeds of any sale or disposition by our company or any subsidiary of any of the collateral
or any of its respective assets (other than asset sales or dispositions in the ordinary course of business which are permitted by the
note purchase agreement), or any proceeds from any casualty insurance policies or eminent domain, condemnation or similar proceedings,
we must prepay the notes in an amount equal to all such proceeds, net of reasonable and customary transaction costs, fees and expenses
properly attributable to such transaction and payable by our company or a subsidiary in connection therewith (in each case, paid to non-affiliates). 

The
holders of the notes may, in their sole discretion, elect to convert any outstanding and unpaid principal portion of the notes, and any
accrued but unpaid interest on such portion, into our common shares at a conversion price equal to 10.00 (subject to standard adjustments,
including a full ratchet antidilution adjustment); provided that the notes contain certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the notes, until the date that is eighteen (18) months after the issuance date of the notes, the holders shall have the
right, but not the obligation, to participate in any securities offering other than a permitted issuance (as defined in the note purchase
agreement) in an amount of up to the original principal amount of the notes. In addition, the holders shall have the right of first refusal
to participate in any issuance of indebtedness until the notes have been terminated; provided, however, that this right of first refusal
shall not apply to permitted issuances. 

The
note purchase agreement and the notes contain customary representations, warranties, affirmative and negative financial and other covenants
and events of default for loans of this type. The notes are guaranteed by each subsidiary and are secured by a first priority security
interest in all of our assets. 

6 
Subordinated Convertible Promissory Notes 

On
October 8, 2021, 1847 Cabinet issued 6 subordinated convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 5,880,345 to
Steven J. Parkey and Jose D. Garcia-Rendon, the sellers of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets. On July 26, 2022, we and 1847 Cabinet
entered into a conversion agreement with Steven J. Parkey and Jose D. Garcia-Rendon, pursuant to which they agreed to convert an aggregate
of 3,360,000 of the convertible notes into an aggregate of 800,000 common shares at a conversion price of 4.20 per share. As a result,
we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 1,280,000. The remaining principal balance of the notes at December 31, 2022 is 2,234,996,
net of debt discounts of 285,350, and an accrued interest balance of 381,426. 

The
notes bear interest at a rate of six percent (6 per annum and are due and payable on October 8, 2024; provided that upon an event of
default (as defined in the notes), such interest rate shall increase to ten percent (10 per annum. 1847 Cabinet may prepay the notes
in whole or in part, without penalty or premium, upon ten (10) business days prior written notice to the holders of the notes. 

At
any time prior to October 8, 2022, the holders may, in their sole discretion, elect to convert up to twenty percent (20 of the original
principal amount of the notes and all accrued, but unpaid, interest into such number of shares of the common stock of 1847 Cabinet determined
by dividing the amount to be converted by a conversion price determined by dividing (i) the fair market value of 1847 Cabinet (determined
in accordance with the notes) by (ii) the number of shares of 1847 Cabinet outstanding on a fully diluted basis. In addition, on October 8,
2021, we entered into an exchange agreement with the holders, pursuant to which we granted them the right to exchange all of the principal
amount and accrued but unpaid interest under the notes or any portion thereof for a number of our common shares to be determined by dividing
the amount to be converted by an exchange price equal to the higher of (i) the 30-day volume weighted average price for our common
shares on the primary national securities exchange or over-the-counter market on which our common shares are traded over the thirty
(30) trading days immediately prior to the applicable exchange date or (ii) 10.00 (subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits,
stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar transactions). 

101 

The
notes contain customary events of default, including in the event of a default under the secured convertible promissory notes described
above. The rights of the holders to receive payments under the notes are subordinated to the rights of the purchasers under secured convertible
promissory notes described above. 

6 
Amortizing Promissory Note 

On
July 29, 2020, 1847 Asien entered into a securities purchase agreement with Joerg Christian Wilhelmsen and Susan Kay Wilhelmsen, as trustees
of the Wilhelmsen Family Trust, U/D/T Dated May 1, 1992, or the Asien s Seller, pursuant to which the Asien s Seller sold
103,750 of our common shares to 1847 Asien a purchase price of 10.00 per share. As consideration, 1847 Asien issued to the Asien s
Seller a two-year 6 amortizing promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 1,037,500. On October 8, 2021, the parties entered
into amendment no. 1 to securities purchase agreement to amend certain terms of the securities purchase agreement and the 6 amortizing
promissory note. Pursuant to the amendment, the repayment terms of the 6 amortizing promissory note were revised so that one-half (50 of the outstanding principal amount 518,750) and all accrued interest thereon shall be amortized on a two-year straight-line basis
and payable quarterly in accordance with the amortization schedule set forth on Exhibit A to the amendment, except for the payments that
were initially scheduled on January 1, 2022 and April 1, 2022, which were paid from the proceeds of the senior convertible promissory
notes described above, and the second-half (50 of the outstanding principal amount 518,750) and all accrued, but unpaid interest
thereon shall be paid on the second anniversary of the date of the 6 amortizing promissory note, along with any other unpaid principal
or accrued interest thereon. On October 20, 2022, the parties entered into a letter agreement pursuant to which the parties agreed to
extend the maturity date of the note to February 28, 2023 and revised the repayment terms so that the outstanding principal amount and
all accrued interest thereon shall be payable monthly, beginning on November 30, 2022, in accordance with the payment schedule set forth
on Exhibit A to the letter agreement. As additional consideration for entering into the letter agreement, 1847 Asien also agreed to pay
the Asien s Seller 87,707 as an amendment fee. The note is unsecured and contains customary events of default. The remaining principal
and accrued interest balance of the note at December 31, 2022 was 465,805 and 94,456, respectively. 

Related Party Promissory Note 

On September 30, 2020, a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition
of Kyle s was paid by the issuance of a promissory note by 1847 Cabinet to Stephen Mallatt, Jr. and Rita Mallatt, or the Kyle s
Sellers, in the principal amount of 1,260,000. Payment of the principal and accrued interest on the note was subject to vesting. As of
December 31, 2021, the remaining principal and accrued interest balance of the note was 203,291. 

On
July 26, 2022, we and 1847 Cabinet entered into a conversion agreement with the Kyle s Sellers, pursuant to which they agreed to
convert 797,221 of the vesting note into 189,815 common shares at a conversion price of 4.20 per share. As a result, we recognized
a loss on extinguishment of debt of 303,706. Pursuant to the conversion agreement, the note was cancelled, and we agreed to pay 558,734
to the Kyle s Sellers no later than October 1, 2022. See also Recent Developments above regarding the
amendment to the conversion agreement. 

Financing
Leases 

On
May 6, 2021, Kyle s entered in an equipment financing lease to purchase equipment for 276,896, which matures in December 2027.
The balance payable was 229,080 as of December 31, 2022. 

On
October 12, 2021, Kyle s entered in an equipment financing lease to purchase equipment for 245,376, which matures in December
2027. The balance payable was 203,169 as of December 31, 2022. 

102 

On
March 28, 2022, Kyle s entered an equipment financing lease to purchase machinery and equipment for 316,798, which matures in
January 2028. The balance payable was 274,527 as of December 31, 2022. 

On
April 11, 2022, Kyle s entered in an equipment financing lease to purchase machinery and equipment for 11,706, which matures in
June 2027. The balance payable was 10,237 as of December 31, 2022. 

On
July 13, 2022, Kyle s entered in an equipment financing lease to purchase machinery and equipment for 240,260, which matures in
June 2028. The balance payable was 223,179 as of December 31, 2022. 

Vehicle
Loans 

Asien s
has entered into seven retail installment sale contracts pursuant to which it agreed to finance its delivery trucks at rates ranging
from 3.74 to 8.72 with an aggregate remaining principal amount of 93,140 as of December 31, 2022. 

Kyle s
has entered into two retail installment sale contracts pursuant to which it agreed to finance its delivery trucks at rates ranging from
5.90 to 6.54 with an aggregate remaining principal amount of 50,950 as of December 31, 2022. 

High
Mountain has entered into twelve retail installment sale contracts pursuant to which it agreed to finance delivery trucks and equipment
at rates ranging from 3.74 to 6.34 with an aggregate remaining principal amount of 71,723 as of December 31, 2022. 

Innovative
Cabinets has entered into two retail installment sale contracts pursuant to which it agreed to finance delivery trucks and equipment
at rates of 3.74 with an aggregate remaining principal amount of 14,422 as of December 31, 2022. 

Total
Debt 

The
following table shows aggregate figures for the total debt, net of discounts, described above that is coming due in the short and long
term as of December 31, 2022. See the above disclosures for more details regarding these loans. 

Short-Term 
 Long-Term 
 Total
 Debt 
 
 Secured Convertible
 Promissory Notes 
 - 
 22,432,803 
 24,432,803 
 
 6 Subordinated Convertible
 Promissory Notes 
 - 
 2,234,996 
 2,234,996 
 
 6 Amortizing Promissory Note 
 465,805 
 - 
 465,805 
 
 Related Party Promissory Note 
 362,779 
 - 
 362,779 
 
 Financing Leases 
 185,718 
 784,148 
 969,866 
 
 Vehicle
 Loans 
 85,405 
 144,830 
 230,235 
 
 Total 
 1,099,707 
 25,596,777 
 26,696,484 

Contractual
Obligations 

Our
principal commitments consist mostly of obligations under the loans described above and other contractual commitments described below. 

We
have engaged the Manager to manage our day-to-day operations and affairs. Our relationship with the Manager will be governed principally
by the following agreements: 

the
 management services agreement and offsetting management services agreements relating to the
 management services the Manager will perform for us and the businesses we own and the management
 fee to be paid to the Manager in respect thereof; and 

our
 operating agreement setting forth the Manager s rights with respect to the allocation
 shares it owns, including the right to receive profit allocations from us, and the supplemental
 put provision relating to the Manager s right to cause us to purchase the allocation
 shares it owns. 

103 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
following discussion relates to critical accounting policies for our consolidated company. The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires our management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including
the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies, if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that
are significant to the preparation of our financial statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial
condition and results of operation. Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial
condition and results of operations and require management s difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the
need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting
estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to financial statements and because of the possibility that future
events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management s current judgments. We believe the following critical accounting
policies involve the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements: 

Revenue
Recognition and Cost of Revenue 

We
record revenue in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Revenue is recognized to depict
the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services. ASC 606 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows arising from customer purchase orders, including significant judgments. 

Retail
and Appliances Segment 

We collect payment for special-order models including
tax and partial payment for non-special orders from the customer at the time the order is placed. We do not incur incremental costs obtaining
purchase orders from customers, however, if we did, because all contracts are less than a year in duration, any contract costs incurred
would be expensed rather than capitalized. 

Performance
Obligations The revenue that we recognize arises from orders we receive from customers. Our performance obligations under the
customer orders correspond to each sale of merchandise that we make to customers under the purchase orders; as a result, each purchase
order generally contains only one performance obligation based on the merchandise sale to be completed. Control of the delivery transfers
to customers when the customer can direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the benefits from, our products, which generally occurs
when the customer assumes the risk of loss. The transfer of control generally occurs at the point of pickup, shipment, or installation.
Once this occurs, we have satisfied our performance obligation and we recognize revenue. 

Transaction
Price We agree with customers on the selling price of each transaction. This transaction price is generally based on the agreed
upon sales price. In our contracts with customers, we allocate the entire transaction price to the sales price, which is the basis for
the determination of the relative standalone selling price allocated to each performance obligation. Any sales tax that we collect concurrently
with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. 

Cost
of revenue includes the cost of purchased merchandise plus freight and any applicable delivery charges from the vendor to us. Substantially
all sales are to individual retail consumers (homeowners), builders and designers. The large majority of customers are homeowners and
their contractors, with the homeowner being key in the final decisions. We have a diverse customer base with no one client accounting
for more than 10 of total revenue. 

Customer
deposits We record customer deposits when payments are received in advance of the delivery of the merchandise. We expect that
substantially all of the customer deposits will be recognized within six months as the performance obligations are satisfied. 

104 

Construction
Segment 

We
recognize revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration
we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. We account for a contract when we have approval and commitment from
both parties, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and collectability
of consideration is probable. 

A
contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance
obligation is satisfied. Since most contracts are bundled to include both material and installation services, we combine these items
into one performance obligation as the overall promise to transfer the individual goods or services is not separately identifiable from
other promises in the contract and, therefore, is not distinct. We do offer assurance-type warranties on certain of our installed products
and services that do not represent a separate performance obligation and, as such, do not impact the timing or extent of revenue recognition. 

For
any contracts that are not complete at the reporting date, we recognize revenue over time, because of the continuous transfer of control
to the customer as work is performed at the customer s site and, therefore, the customer controls the asset as it is being installed.
We utilize the output method to measure progress toward completion for the value of the goods and services transferred to the customer
as we believe this best depicts the transfer of control of assets to the customer. Additionally, external factors such as weather, and
customer delays may affect the progress of a project s completion, and thus the timing and amount of revenue recognition, cash
flow, and profitability from a particular contract may be adversely affected. 

An
insignificant portion of sales, primarily retail sales, is accounted for on a point-in-time basis when the sale occurs. Sales taxes,
when incurred, are recorded as a liability and excluded from revenue on a net basis. 

Contracts
can be subject to modification to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements. We consider contract modifications
to exist when the modification either creates new, or changes the existing, enforceable rights and obligations. Most contract modifications
are for goods or services that are not distinct from the existing contract due to the significant integration service provided in the
context of the contract and are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract. The effect of a contract modification on
the transaction price and our measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates, is recognized as an adjustment
to revenue on a cumulative catch-up basis. 

All
contracts are billed either contractually or as work is performed. Billing on long-term contracts occurs primarily on a monthly basis
throughout the contract period whereby we submit progress invoices for customer payment as work is performed. On some contracts, the
customer may withhold payment on an invoice equal to a percentage of the invoice amount, which will be subsequently paid after satisfactory
completion of each project. This amount is referred to as retainage and is common practice in the construction industry, as it allows
for customers to ensure the quality of the service performed prior to full payment. The retention provisions are not considered a significant
financing component. 

Cost
of revenues earned include all direct material and labor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance. 

We
record a contract asset when we have satisfied our performance obligation prior to billing and a contract liability when a customer payment
is received prior to the satisfaction of our performance obligation. The difference between the beginning and ending balances of contract
assets and liabilities primarily results from the timing of our performance and the customer s payment. At times, we have a right
to payment from previous performance that is conditional on something other than passage of time, such as retainage, which is included
in contract assets or contract liabilities, as determined on a contract-by-contract basis. 

Automotive
Supplies Segment 

We collect payment for internet and phone orders,
including tax, from the customer at the time the order is shipped. Customers placing orders with a purchase order through the EDI (Electronic
Data Interface) are allowed to purchase on credit and make payment after receipt of product on the agreed upon terms. 

Performance
Obligations The revenue that we recognize arises from orders we receive from contracts with customers. Our performance obligations
under the customer orders correspond to each sale of merchandise that we make to customers and each order generally contains only one
performance obligation based on the merchandise sale to be completed. Control of the delivery transfers to customers when the customer
can direct the use of, and obtain substantially all the benefits from, our products, which generally occurs when the customer assumes
the risk of loss. The transfer of control generally occurs at the point of shipment of the order. Once this occurs, we have satisfied
our performance obligation and it recognizes revenue. 

105 

Transaction
Price We agree with customers on the selling price of each transaction. This transaction price is generally based on the agreed
upon sales price. In our contracts with customers, we allocate the entire transaction price to the sales price, which is the basis for
the determination of the relative standalone selling price allocated to each performance obligation. Any sales tax that we collect concurrently
with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. 

Cost
of revenues includes the cost of purchased merchandise plus freight, warehouse salaries, tariffs, and any applicable delivery charges from
the vendor to us. We had two major customers who represent a significant portion of revenue in the automotive segment. These two
customers represented 39.4 of total revenue in the automotive segment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Warranties
vary and are typically 90 days to consumers and manufacturing defect warranty to are available to resellers. At times, depending on the
product, we can also offer a warranty up to 12 months. 

Goodwill

Goodwill
represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired. We evaluate goodwill for impairment annually,
or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances that indicate the goodwill is not recoverable. When impairment indicators are
identified, we may elect to perform an optional qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair
value of our reporting units has fallen below their carrying value. This assessment is based on several factors, including industry and
market conditions, overall financial performance, including an assessment of cash flows in comparison to actual and projected results
of prior periods. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
value based on our qualitative analysis, or if we elect to skip this step, we perform a Step 1 quantitative analysis to determine the
fair value of the reporting unit. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no impairments of goodwill. 

Intangible
assets 

These
assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
If impaired, intangible assets are written down to fair value based on discounted cash flows or other valuation techniques. We have no
intangibles with indefinite lives. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no impairments of intangible assets. 

Long-Lived
Assets 

We
review our property and equipment and right-of-use assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. The test for impairment is required to be performed by management upon triggering
events. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future undiscounted
cash flow expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured
by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are
reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no impairments of
long-lived assets. 

Income
Taxes 

Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. 

Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are recorded with respect to temporary differences in the accounting treatment of items for financial
reporting purposes and for income tax purposes. Where, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some
amount of recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is established for the amount that, in management s
judgment, is sufficient to reduce the deferred tax asset to an amount that is more likely than not to be realized. A tax position must
meet a minimum probability threshold before a financial statement benefit is recognized. The minimum threshold is defined as a tax position
that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any related
appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest
amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 

106 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The
full text of our audited consolidated financial statements begins on page F-1 of this annual report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures
refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the
SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As
required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision
of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures, as of December 31, 2022. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer determined that, because of the material weaknesses described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Internal
control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and
principal financial and accounting officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(2) provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are
 being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors; and 

(3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this evaluation,
management used the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system,
including (i) the control environment, (ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring.
Based on our evaluation, we determined that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
due to the following material weaknesses. 

We
 did not have appropriate policies and procedures in place to evaluate the proper accounting
 and disclosures of key documents and agreements. 

We
 do not have adequate segregation of duties with our limited accounting personnel and rely
 upon outsourced accounting services. 

107 

We
 do not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of technical
 accounting knowledge and experience in the application of GAAP commensurate with our financial
 reporting requirements. 

In
order to cure the foregoing material weakness, we have taken or plan to take the following remediation measures: 

We
 plan to make necessary changes by providing training to our financial team and our other
 relevant personnel on the GAAP accounting guidelines applicable to financial reporting requirements. 

In
 the first quarter of 2022, we engaged a financial reporting consultant to provide outsourced
 accounting and financial reporting services. 

In
 the first quarter of 2022, we also put in place new policies and procedures at the subsidiary
 level to standardize accounting procedures across all business units. We also plan to hire
 additional skilled accounting personnel at the subsidiary companies to implement the policies
 and procedures. 

In
 the third quarter of 2022, we hired a corporate controller. 

We
intend to complete the remediation of the material weaknesses discussed above as soon as practicable but we can give no assurance that
we will be able to do so. Designing and implementing an effective disclosure controls and procedures is a continuous effort that requires
us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to devote significant resources
to maintain a financial reporting system that adequately satisfies our reporting obligations. The remedial measures that we have taken
and intend to take may not fully address the material weaknesses that we have identified, and material weaknesses in our disclosure controls
and procedures may be identified in the future. Should we discover such conditions, we intend to remediate them as soon as practicable.
We are committed to taking appropriate steps for remediation, as needed. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

We
regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls
and increase efficiency, while ensuring that we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities
as implementing new, more efficient systems, consolidating activities, and migrating processes. 

Except
for the matters described above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter
of fiscal year 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

108 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December
31, 2022 in connection with the solicitation of proxies for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders, or the 2023 Proxy Statement, and
is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
information required by this Item will be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

109 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) List
of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

(1) Index
to Financial Statements: 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 3627) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

(2) Index
to Financial Statement Schedules: 

All
schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto, or because
it is not required. 

(3) Index
to Exhibits: 

See
exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Formation of 1847 Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 7, 2014) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of 1847 Holdings LLC, dated January 19, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2018) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities of 1847 Holdings LLC 
 
 4.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Share Designation of Series A Senior Convertible Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Share Designation of Series A Senior Convertible Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Share Designation of Series B Senior Convertible Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2022) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Common Share Purchase Warrant issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on February 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Common Share Purchase Warrant issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on February 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023) 
 
 4.7 
 
 Common Share Purchase Warrant issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Leonite Fund I, LP on February 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 

110 

4.8 
 
 Common Share Purchase Warrant issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Leonite Fund I, LP on February 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 4.9 
 
 Common Share Purchase Warrant issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on February 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 4.10 
 
 Common Share Purchase Warrant issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Leonite Fund I, LP on February 3, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023) 
 
 4.11 
 
 Common Share Purchase Warrant issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on February 3, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement, dated January 3, 2023, between 1847 Holdings LLC and VStock Transfer, LLC and form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 9, 2023) 

4.13 
 
 Common Share Purchase Warrant issued to Craft Capital Management LLC on August 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2022) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Common Share Purchase Warrant issued to R.F. Lafferty Co. Inc. on August 5, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2022) 
 
 4.15 
 
 Warrant for Common Shares issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to J.H. Darbie Co., Inc. on July 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on February 1, 2023) 
 
 4.16 
 
 Warrant for Common Shares issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Leonite Capital LLC on October 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 4.17 
 
 Form of Common Share Purchase Warrant relating to 2022 private placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2022) 
 
 4.18 
 
 Form of Common Share Purchase Warrant relating to 2021 private placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2021) 
 
 4.19 
 
 Form of Common Share Purchase Warrant relating to 2020 private placement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2020) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Management Services Agreement, dated April 15, 2013, between 1847 Holdings LLC and 1847 Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on March 14, 2014) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Management Services Agreement, dated September 15, 2013, between 1847 Holdings LLC and 1847 Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 7, 2014) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Management Services Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between 1847 ICU Holdings Inc. and 1847 Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Management Services Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, between 1847 ICU Holdings Inc. and 1847 Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2023) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Management Services Agreement, dated March 30, 2021, between 1847 Wolo Inc. and 1847 Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Management Services Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, between 1847 Wolo Inc. and 1847 Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2023) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, between 1847 Cabinet Inc. and 1847 Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 

111 

10.8 
 
 Management Services Agreement, dated May 28, 2020, between 1847 Asien Inc. and 1847 Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 3, 2020) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Management Services Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, between 1847 Asien Inc. and 1847 Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2023) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated December 21, 2022, among 1847 ICU Holdings Inc., 1847 ICU Acquisition Sub Inc., ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc. and San Francisco Equity Partners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.11 
 
 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 9, 2023, among 1847 ICU Holdings Inc., 1847 ICU Acquisition Sub Inc., ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc. and San Francisco Equity Partners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.12 
 
 6 Subordinated Promissory Note issued by 1847 ICU Holdings Inc. to Oceanus Investment Inc. on February 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.13 
 
 6 Subordinated Promissory Note issued by 1847 ICU Holdings Inc. to San Francisco Equity Partners III, LP on February 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.14 
 
 6 Subordinated Promissory Note issued by 1847 ICU Holdings Inc. to Richard Conti on February 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.15 
 
 6 Subordinated Promissory Note issued by 1847 ICU Holdings Inc. to Kirk Hobbs on February 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.16 
 
 6 Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note issued by 1847 Cabinet Inc. to Steven J. Parkey on October 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Conversion Agreement, dated July 26, 2022, among 1847 Holdings LLC, 1847 Cabinet Inc. and Steven J. Parkey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2022) 
 
 10.18 
 
 6 Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note issued by 1847 Cabinet Inc. to Jose D. Garcia-Rendon on October 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 

10.19 
 
 Conversion Agreement, dated July 26, 2022, among 1847 Holdings LLC, 1847 Cabinet Inc. and Jose D. Garcia-Rendon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2022) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, among 1847 Holdings LLC, Steven J. Parkey and Jose D. Garcia-Rendon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 10.21 
 
 8 Vesting Promissory Note, dated September 30, 2020, issued by 1847 Cabinet Inc. to Stephen Mallatt, Jr. and Rita Mallatt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2020) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Conversion Agreement, dated July 26, 2022, among 1847 Holdings LLC, 1847 Cabinet Inc., Stephen Mallatt, Jr. and Rita Mallatt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 2022) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, among 1847 Holdings LLC, 1847 Cabinet Inc., Stephen Mallatt, Jr. and Rita Mallatt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2023) 
 
 10.24 
 
 6 Amortizing Promissory Note issued by 1847 Asien Inc. to Joerg Christian Wilhelmsen and Susan Kay Wilhelmsen, as trustees of the Wilhelmsen Family Trust, U/D/T Dated May 1, 1992, on July 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 4, 2020) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Securities Purchase Agreement and 6 Amortizing Promissory Note, dated October 8, 2021, between 1847 Asien Inc. and Joerg Christian Wilhelmsen and Susan Kay Wilhelmsen, as Trustees of the Wilhelmsen Family Trust, U/D/T dated May 1, 1992 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated October 20, 2022, between Asien Inc. and Joerg Christian Wilhelmsen and Susan Kay Wilhelmsen, as Trustees of the Wilhelmsen Family Trust, U/D/T dated May 1, 1992 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2022) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated April 6, 2023, between Asien Inc. and Joerg Christian Wilhelmsen and Susan Kay Wilhelmsen, as Trustees of the Wilhelmsen Family Trust, U/D/T dated May 1, 1992 
 
 10.28 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 22, 2023, between 1847 Holdings LLC and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023) 

112 

10.29 
 
 Promissory Note issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on February 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between 1847 Holdings LLC and Leonite Fund I, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Promissory Note issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Leonite Fund I, LP on February 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, between 1847 Holdings LLC and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Promissory Note issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on February 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 3, 2023, between 1847 Holdings LLC and Leonite Fund I, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Promissory Note issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Leonite Fund I, LP on February 3, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 3, 2023, between 1847 Holdings LLC and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Promissory Note issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on February 3, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 8, 2022, between 1847 Holdings LLC and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2022) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Promissory Note issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. on July 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2022) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Secured Promissory Note issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to 1847 Cabinet Inc. on October 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, among Industrial Funding Group, Inc., 1847 ICU Holdings Inc., ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc. and ICU Eyewear, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.42 
 
 Secured Promissory Note issued by 1847 ICU Holdings Inc., ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc. and ICU Eyewear, Inc. to Industrial Funding Group, Inc. on February 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Domain Name, URL and IP Address Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by 1847 ICU Holdings Inc., ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc. and ICU Eyewear, Inc. in favor of Industrial Funding Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Trademark Security Agreement, dated February 9, 2023, by 1847 ICU Holdings Inc., ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc. and ICU Eyewear, Inc. in favor of Industrial Funding Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Indemnity and Release Letter, dated February 11, 2023, among GemCap Solutions, LLC, Industrial Funding Group, Inc., 1847 ICU Holdings Inc., ICU Eyewear Holdings Inc. and ICU Eyewear, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2023) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, among 1847 Holdings LLC, 1847 Asien Inc., 1847 Wolo Inc., 1847 Cabinet Inc., Asien s Appliance, Inc., Wolo Mfg. Corp., Wolo Industrial Horn Signal, Inc., Kyle s Custom Wood Shop, Inc., High Mountain Door Trim Inc., Sierra Homes, LLC, SILAC Insurance Company and Leonite Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 10.47 
 
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to SILAC Insurance Company on October 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 

113 

10.48 
 
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to SILAC Insurance Company on October 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 

10.49 
 
 Secured Convertible Promissory Note issued by 1847 Holdings LLC to Leonite Capital LLC on October 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Guaranty Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, among 1847 Asien Inc., 1847 Wolo Inc., 1847 Cabinet Inc., Asien s Appliance, Inc., Wolo Mfg. Corp., Wolo Industrial Horn Signal, Inc., Kyle s Custom Wood Shop, Inc., High Mountain Door Trim Inc., Sierra Homes, LLC and Leonite Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Security Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, among 1847 Holdings LLC, 1847 Asien Inc., 1847 Wolo Inc., 1847 Cabinet Inc., Asien s Appliance, Inc., Wolo Mfg. Corp., Wolo Industrial Horn Signal, Inc., Kyle s Custom Wood Shop, Inc., High Mountain Door Trim Inc., Sierra Homes, LLC and Leonite Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement, dated October 8, 2021, among Wolo Mfg. Corp., Wolo Industrial Horn Signal, Inc. and Leonite Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 10.53 
 
 Residential Lease Agreement, dated August 5, 2020, between Redwood Gospel Missions and Asien s Appliance, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2022) 
 
 10.54 
 
 Industrial Lease, dated September 1, 2020, between Kyle s Custom Wood Shop, Inc. and Stephen Mallatt, Jr. and Rita Mallatt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 15, 2021) 
 
 10.55 
 
 Standard Lease Agreement, dated June 9, 2021, between Emerald Town, LLC and Kyle s Custom Wood Shop, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2022) 
 
 10.56 
 
 Lease, dated December 1, 2017, between Sage Partnership and High Mountain Door Trim Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2022) 
 
 10.57 
 
 Lease, dated October 29, 2021, between WL-MCK SRI Owner LLC and High Mountain Door Trim Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2022) 
 
 10.58 
 
 Lease, dated January 20, 2020, between Simon Levi Company, Ltd. and Sierra Homes, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2022) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Lease, dated December 7, 2020, between SW Commerce Reno, LLC and Sierra Homes, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2022) 
 
 10.60 
 
 Agreement of Lease, dated October 4, 1978, between PKI Reality LLC and Wolo Mfg. Corp., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2022) 
 
 10.61 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated September 7, 2021, between Vernice L. Howard and 1847 Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2021) 
 
 10.62 
 
 Letter Agreement Regarding the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment of Employment Agreement, dated March 23, 2022, among 1847 Holdings LLC, 1847 HQ Inc. and Vernice L. Howard (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.63 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated January 10, 2022, between 1847 Holdings LLC and Eric VanDam (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 14, 2022) 

114 

10.64 
 
 Letter Agreement Regarding the Assignment, Assumption and Amendment of Employment Agreement, dated March 30, 2022, among 1847 Holdings LLC, 1847 HQ Inc. and Eric VanDam (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022) 
 
 10.65 
 
 Form of Independent Director Agreement between 1847 Holdings LLC and each independent director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2022) 
 
 10.66 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between 1847 Holdings LLC and each independent director (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on January 31, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Ethics and Conduct 
 
 19.1 
 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the registrant 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer filed pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith 

Executive
 compensation plan or arrangement 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

115 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 1847 Holdings LLC: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of 1847 Holdings LLC the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of
operations, shareholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Goodwill 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As of December 31, 2022, the carrying value of
goodwill was 19,452,270. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company tests goodwill for impairment annually
at the reporting unit level, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of
a reporting unit is less than it s carrying amount. The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the
fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company s estimate for each reporting unit is based on the present value
of estimated future cash flows attributable to the respective reporting unit. The Company utilized a third-party valuation specialist
to assist in the preparation of the impairment assessment. The determination of the fair value requires management to make significant
estimates and assumptions. 

We identified the evaluation of the impairment
analysis for goodwill as a critical audit matter because of the significant estimates and assumptions management made in determining the
fair value of its reporting units. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit
procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of such estimates and assumptions. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed
in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the following: 

Testing
 management s processes for estimating the fair value of its reporting units. 

Obtained
 the discounted cash flow models and evaluating the valuation analysis for mathematical accuracy. 

Evaluating
 whether the valuation techniques applied were appropriate. 

Evaluating
 the significant assumptions provided by management or developed by the third-party valuation
 specialist related to revenues, EBITDA, income taxes, long term growth rates, and discount
 rates to discern whether they are reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance
 of the entity; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether
 these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

In
addition, professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were utilized by the Firm to assist in the performance of these procedures. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2017. 

April 10, 2023 

F- 3 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments 

Receivables, net 

Contract assets 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Long-term deposits 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Customer deposits 

Due to related parties 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Current portion of notes payable, net	 

Current portion of related party note payable 
 
 -

Total Current Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Convertible notes payable, net 

Related party note payable, net of current portion 
 -

Deferred tax liability, net 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Mezzanine Equity 

Series A senior convertible preferred shares 
 -

TOTAL MEZZANINE EQUITY 
 -

Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Series A senior convertible preferred shares, no par value, shares designated; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 
 -

Series B senior convertible preferred shares, no par value, shares designated; and zero shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively

-

Allocation shares, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common shares, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Distribution receivable 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL 1847 HOLDINGS SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Operating Expenses 

Cost of revenues 

Personnel 

Depreciation and amortization 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 -

Gain on disposal of property and equipment 

Gain on disposition of subsidiary 
 -

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Loss on redemption of preferred shares 
 -

Loss on write-down of contingent note payable 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

NET LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAX BENEFIT (EXPENSE) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

NET LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

NET INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 -

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 -

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO 1847 HOLDINGS 

NET LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ATTRIBUTABLE TO 1847 HOLDINGS 

NET INCOME FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ATTRIBUTABLE TO 1847 HOLDINGS 
 -

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO 1847 HOLDINGS 

PREFERRED SHARE DIVIDENDS 

DEEMED DIVIDEND 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO 1847 HOLDINGS COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO 1847 HOLDINGS COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

BASIC 

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 -

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 

DILUTED 

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 -

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE 

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

BASIC 

DILUTED 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Series
 A Senior 
 Convertible Preferred Shares 
 Series
 B Senior 
 Convertible Preferred Shares 
 Allocation
 
 Common
 Shares 
 Distribution 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Non- Controlling 
 Total 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Receivable 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance
 at January 1, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of series A preferred shares and warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Discount
 on warrant features 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Discount
 on convertible notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common adjustment shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Dividends
 common shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividends
 series A preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common shares upon conversion of series A preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of series B preferred shares and warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common shares upon cashless exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance
 of common shares upon partial extinguishment of convertible notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common shares upon partial extinguishment of related party note payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common shares upon settlement of debt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common shares and warrants in connection with a public offering 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of warrants in connection with notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Reclassification
 of preferred shares from mezzanine equity to permanent equity 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Redemption
 of series A preferred shares 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Redemption
 of series B preferred shares 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividends
 common shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividends
 series A preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividends
 series B preferred shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed
 dividend down round provision in warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years
 Ended December
 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 used in operating activities: 

Income from discontinued
 operations 
 - 

Gain on disposition of
 subsidiary 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of
 debt 
 - 

Gain on disposal of property
 and equipment 

Loss on redemption of
 preferred shares 
 - 

Loss on extinguishment
 of debt 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on write-down of
 contingent note payable 

Deferred tax asset (liability) 

Inventory reserve 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt
 discounts 

Amortization of right-of-use
 assets 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables 

Contract assets 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets 

Other assets 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and
 accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Customer deposits 

Due to related parties 
 - 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating
 activities from continuing operations 

Net
 cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations 
 - 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Net cash paid in
 acquisitions 
 - 

Purchases of property
 and equipment 

Proceeds from disposal
 of property and equipment 

Proceeds from disposition
 of subsidiary 
 - 

Investments
 in certificates of deposit 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing
 activities from continuing operations 

Net
 cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations 
 - 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from convertible
 notes payable, net of fees and debt discounts 
 - 

Net proceeds from notes
 payable 

Payment of notes
 payable related party 
 - 

Proceeds from (repayment
 on) lines of credit 
 - 

Repayment of grid note
 related party 
 - 

Net proceeds from issuance
 of common shares and warrants in public offering 
 
 - 
 
 Net proceeds from issuance
 of series A senior convertible preferred shares 
 - 

Net proceeds from issuance
 of series B senior convertible preferred shares 
 
 - 
 
 Repayments of notes payable
 and finance lease liabilities 

Repayments to sellers 
 - 

Cash paid for financing
 costs 
 - 

Redemption of series
 A senior convertible preferred shares 

Redemption of series
 B senior convertible preferred shares 
 
 - 
 
 Dividends on series A
 senior convertible preferred shares 

Dividends on series B
 senior convertible preferred shares 
 
 - 
 
 Dividends
 on common shares 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing
 activities from continuing operations 

Net
 cash used in financing activities from discontinued operations 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS FROM
 CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT FROM
 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 - 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 AVAILABLE FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 - 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

Beginning of the period 

End of the period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND
 FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 assets acquired in the acquisition of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets 
 - 

Net
 assets acquired in the acquisition of Wolo 
 - 

Due
 to seller (net cash paid to seller after closing) 
 - 

Notes
 payable sellers 
 - 

Accrued
 common share dividends 
 - 

Deemed
 dividend related to issuance of preferred shares 
 - 

Additional
 paid in capital common shares and warrants issued 
 - 

Issuance
 of common shares upon conversion of series A preferred shares 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of common
 shares upon cashless exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed
 dividend from down round provision in warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Financed
 purchases of property and equipment 

Debt
 discount on notes payable issued with warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Operating
 lease right-of-use asset and liability remeasurement 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

The Company is
in the business of acquiring small businesses in a variety of different industries. 

As
a result of the Neese Spin-Off, 1847 Neese is no longer a subsidiary of the Company (see Note 4). 

F- 8 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

and in excess of FDIC limits, respectively. 

F- 9 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

of total revenue. 

F- 10 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

F- 11 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

of total revenue in the automotive segment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Uncollectible
balances are expensed in the periods they are determined to be uncollectible. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 
 
 Machinery and Equipment 
 - 
 
 Trucks and Vehicles 
 - 

F- 12 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

- 
 
 Marketing-Related 

Technology-Related 

F- 13 

1847
 HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 

F- 14 

1847
 HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

The Company recognizes the lease payments associated with short-term leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

F- 15 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred a loss from operations of (before
deducting losses attributable to non-controlling interests), cash flows used in operations of , and working capital deficit
of . The Company has generated operating losses since its inception and has relied on cash on hand, sales of securities, external
bank lines of credit, and issuance of third-party and related party debt to support cashflow from operations, which creates substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern for a period at least one year from the date of issuance of these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 16 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

reportable segments: 

- 
 - 

Appliance accessories, parts,
 and other 
 
 - 
 - 

Automotive horns 
 - 
 - 

Automotive lighting 
 - 
 - 

Custom cabinets and countertops 
 - 
 
 - 

Finished
 carpentry 
 - 
 
 - 

Total Revenues 

F- 17 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

- 
 - 

Appliance accessories, parts,
 and other 
 
 - 
 - 

Automotive horns 
 - 
 - 

Automotive lighting 
 - 
 - 

Custom cabinets and countertops 
 - 
 
 - 

Finished
 carpentry 
 - 
 
 - 

Total Revenues 

- 

Operating expenses 

Cost of revenues 

- 

Personnel 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

- 

Operating expenses 

Cost of revenues 

- 

Personnel 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Income (loss) from Operations 

ownership interest in 1847 Neese for a purchase price of in cash. As a result of this transaction, 1847 Neese is no
longer a subsidiary of the Company. All financial information of 1847 Neese operations are classified as discontinued operations and
not presented as part of continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 18 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Sales
 of parts and equipment 

TOTAL REVENUE 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Cost of revenues 

Personnel costs 

Depreciation and amortization 

Fuel 

General
 and administrative 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Financing costs and loss
 on early extinguishment of debt 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Gain on sale of assets 

Interest expense 

Other
 income (expense) 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

NET LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

INCOME TAX EXPENSE 
 - 
 
 NET INCOME BEFORE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 

LESS
 NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS 

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE
 TO SHAREHOLDERS 

F- 19 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of financing
 costs and warrant features 

Amortization of operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Gain on forgiveness of
 PPP loans 

Gain on sale of equipment 

Changes in operating assets
 and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other
 assets 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Operating lease liability 

Accrued
 expense long-term 

Net
 cash used in operating activities from discontinued operations 

Cash flows from investing
 activities in discontinued operations: 

Proceeds from sale of equipment 

Purchase of equipment 

Net cash provided by
 investing activities in discontinued operations 

Cash flows from financing
 activities in discontinued operations: 

Proceeds from note payable 

Repayments
 of notes payable 

Net
 cash used in financing activities in discontinued operations 

Vendor rebates receivable 

Credit card payments in process of settlement 

Retainage 

Total receivables 

Allowance for doubtful
 accounts 

Total receivables, net 

F- 20 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Automotive 

Construction 

Total inventories 

Less reserve for obsolescence 

Total inventories, net 

Office furniture and equipment 

Transportation equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Total property and equipment 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

and , respectively. 

Marketing-related 

Technology-related 

Total intangible assets 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

F- 21 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Credit cards payable 

Accrued payroll liabilities 

Accrued interest 

Accrued dividends 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total accounts payable
 and accrued expenses 

of the accounts payable owed to it into common shares of the Company at a conversion price of per share. As a result, the
Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of . 

F- 22 

1847
 HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

In addition, Kyle s is responsible
for its proportionate share of all taxes, insurance and certain operating costs during the lease term. The lease agreement contains customary
events of default, representations, warranties and covenants. The lease increased the operating lease right to use asset and corresponding
operating lease liability by . 

The lease agreement contains customary events of default,
representations, warranties and covenants. The lease increased the operating lease right to use asset and corresponding operating lease
liability by . 

The lease agreement contains
customary events of default, representations, warranties, and covenants. The remeasurement of the ROU asset and liability associated
with this operating lease was . 

Lease liabilities, current portion 

Lease liabilities, long-term 

Total operating lease
 liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (months) 

Weighted average discount rate 

and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total 

Less: imputed interest 

Total operating lease
 liabilities 

F- 23 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

, which matures in .
The balance payable was as of December 31, 2022. 

, which matures in . The balance payable was as of December 31, 2022. 

, which matures in
 . The balance payable was as of December 31, 2022. 

, which matures in
 . The balance payable was as of December 31, 2022. 

, which matures in
 . The balance payable was as of December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less: amount representing
 interest 

Present value of minimum
 lease payments 

, consisting of (i) in cash, (ii) a secured promissory note in the aggregate principal
amount of and (iii) cash paid to seller, net of working capital adjustment, of . 

. The excess of the aggregate fair value of the net tangible assets has been allocated
to goodwill. 

F- 24 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Cash 

Net
 cash paid to Seller (post-closing) 

Amount of consideration 

Assets acquired and liabilities
 assumed at fair value 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Customer related intangibles 

Marketing related intangibles 

Technology related intangibles 

Other current assets 

Deferred tax liability 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Net tangible assets acquired 

Total net assets acquired 

Consideration paid 

Goodwill 

(subject to adjustment), consisting of (i) in cash (subject to adjustment) and (ii) the issuance
by 1847 Cabinet of subordinated convertible promissory notes in the amount of consisting of an aggregate principal amount
of , net of debt discount of . 

. The excess of the aggregate fair value of the net tangible assets has been allocated
to goodwill. 

F- 25 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Notes
 payable, net of debt discount 

Amount of consideration 

Assets acquired and liabilities
 assumed at fair value 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Contract assets 

Other current assets 

Marketing intangible 

Customer intangible 

Property and equipment 

Operating lease assets 

Other assets 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Lease liabilities 

Financing leases 

Loans
 payable 

Net tangible assets acquired 

Total net assets acquired 

Consideration paid 

Preliminary goodwill 

to years. 

and , respectively, and net loss from continuing
operations of and , respectively, which are included in the consolidated statements of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and ,
respectively, and combined net loss from continuing operations of and combined net income from continuing operations ,
respectively, which are included in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Loss per share attributable to common shareholders: 

Basic 

Diluted 

F- 26 

1847
 HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

Loans on vehicles 

Subtotal 

Current portion of notes
 payable 

Long-term notes payable 

common shares to 1847 Asien a purchase price of per share. As additional
consideration for entering into the letter agreement, 1847 Asien also agreed to pay the Asien s Seller as an amendment
fee. The note is unsecured and contains customary events of default. The remaining principal and accrued interest balance of the note
at December 31, 2022 was and , respectively. 

secured promissory note
in the principal amount of by 1847 Wolo to the Wolo Sellers. Interest on the outstanding principal amount was payable quarterly
at the rate of six percent per annum. On October 8, 2021, the promissory note was repaid in full. 

F- 27 

1847
 HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

to with an aggregate remaining principal amount of as of December 31, 2022. 

to with an aggregate remaining principal amount of as of December 31, 2022. 

to with an aggregate remaining principal amount of as of December 31, 2022. 

with an aggregate remaining principal amount of as of December 31, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total payments 

. 

As a result, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment
of debt of . Pursuant to the conversion agreement, the note was cancelled, and the Company agreed to pay to the Kyle s
Sellers no later than October 1, 2022. See also Note 20 regarding an amendment to the conversion agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the
vested principal and accrued interest balance of the related party note was and , respectively. 

. The notes contain an aggregate original issue discount of . As a result, the total
purchase price was . After payment of expenses of , the Company received net proceeds of , of which 
was used to fund the cash portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets. In addition, as
consideration for the financing, . The agent fees were
reflected as a discount against the convertible note payable with the warrants being included in additional paid in capital and the equity
interest being including within noncontrolling interest on the consolidated balance sheet. The remaining principal balance of the convertible
notes at December 31, 2022 is , net of debt discounts of , and an accrued interest balance of . 

F- 28 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the principal
and interest paid in connection with such prepayment. In addition, immediately upon receipt by the Company or any subsidiary of any proceeds
from any issuance of indebtedness (other than certain permitted indebtedness), any proceeds of any sale or disposition by the Company
or any subsidiary of any of the collateral or any of its respective assets (other than asset sales or dispositions in the ordinary course
of business which are permitted by the note purchase agreement), or any proceeds from any casualty insurance policies or eminent domain,
condemnation or similar proceedings, the Company must prepay the notes in an amount equal to all such proceeds, net of reasonable and
customary transaction costs, fees and expenses properly attributable to such transaction and payable by the Company or a subsidiary in
connection therewith (in each case, paid to non-affiliates). 

(subject to standard adjustments,
including a full ratchet antidilution adjustment); provided that the notes contain certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

subordinated convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of by 1847 Cabinet to the H I Sellers. 

of the original
principal amount of the notes and all accrued, but unpaid, interest into such number of shares of the common stock of 1847 Cabinet determined
by dividing the amount to be converted by a conversion price determined by dividing (i) the fair market value of 1847 Cabinet (determined
in accordance with the notes) by (ii) the number of shares of 1847 Cabinet outstanding on a fully diluted basis. In addition, on October
8, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with the holders, pursuant to which the Company granted them the right to exchange
all of the principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest under the notes or any portion thereof for a number of common shares to be
determined by dividing the amount to be converted by an exchange price equal to the higher of (i) the 30-day volume weighted average
price for the common shares on the primary national securities exchange or over-the-counter market on which the common shares are traded
over the thirty (30) trading days immediately prior to the applicable exchange date or (ii) (subject to equitable adjustments
for stock splits, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar transactions). 

F- 29 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the convertible notes into an aggregate of common shares of the Company at a conversion
price of per share. As a result, the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of . 

2025 
 - 
 
 2026 

2027 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total payments 

The amount of the Parent Management Fee with respect to any fiscal quarter is (i)
reduced by the aggregate amount of any management fees received by the Manager under any offsetting management services agreements with
respect to such fiscal quarter, (ii) reduced (or increased) by the amount of any over-paid (or under-paid) Parent Management Fees received
by (or owed to) the Manager as of the end of such fiscal quarter, and (iii) increased by the amount of any outstanding accrued and unpaid
Parent Management Fees. The Company expensed in Parent Management Fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

F- 30 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

in advances from related parties are outstanding. These advances are unsecured, bear no interest,
and do not have formal repayment terms or arrangements. 

in related party advances. These advances are unsecured, bear
no interest, and do not have formal repayment terms or arrangements. 

of its shares as series A senior convertible preferred shares. Following is a description of the rights
of the series A senior convertible preferred shares. 

of the stated
value per share, subject to adjustment). Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative.
Dividends shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date in cash or common shares at the Company s discretion.
Dividends payable in common shares shall be calculated based on a price equal to eighty percent of the volume weighted average
price for the common shares on the Company s principal trading market (the VWAP during the five (5) trading days
immediately prior to the applicable dividend payment date; provided, however, that if the common shares are not registered, and Rule
144 rulemaking referred to below is effective on the payment date, the dividends payable in common shares shall be calculated based upon
the fixed price of ; provided further, that the Company may only elect to pay dividends in common shares based upon such fixed price
if the VWAP for the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable dividend payment date is or higher. 

F- 31 

1847
 HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

of the stated value plus an amount of cash equal to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether
or not declared) to, but not including the date of final distribution to such holders. If, upon any liquidation, the assets, or proceeds
thereof, distributable among the holders of the series A senior convertible preferred shares shall be insufficient to pay in full the
preferential amount payable to the holders of the series A senior convertible preferred shares and liquidating payments on any other
shares of any class or series of parity securities as to the distribution of assets on any liquidation, then such assets, or the proceeds
thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of series A senior convertible preferred shares and any such other parity securities
ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such series A senior convertible preferred shares and any
such other parity securities if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. 

per share), plus the value of the accrued, but unpaid, dividends thereon, by a conversion price of
 per share (subject to adjustment); provided that in no event shall the holder of any series A senior convertible preferred shares
be entitled to convert any number of series A senior convertible preferred shares that upon conversion the sum of (i) the number of common
shares beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates and (ii) the number of common shares issuable upon the conversion of the series
A senior convertible preferred shares with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial
ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than of the then outstanding common shares. 

of the stated
value plus the amount of accrued and unpaid plus any other amounts due pursuant to the terms of the series A senior convertible preferred
shares. 

F- 32 

1847
 HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

In addition,
if any legislation or rules are adopted whereby the holding period of securities for purposes of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, for convertible securities that convert at market-adjusted rates is increased resulting in a longer holding period for convertible
securities like the series A senior convertible preferred shares and the unavailability at the time of conversion of Rule 144, the pricing
provisions that are based upon the lowest VWAP of the previous ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the relevant adjustment date
shall be removed unless the common shares issuable upon conversion are then registered under an effective registration statement. 

equity stake Kyle s and/or
Wolo. The holders of series A senior convertible preferred shares issued in connection with the financing to complete the acquisition
of Kyle s shall receive the equity stake in Kyle s and the holders of series A senior convertible preferred shares issued
in connection with the financing to complete the acquisition of Wolo shall receive the equity stake in Wolo. The Company is required
to cause Kyle s and Wolo to grant to the holders of the series A senior convertible preferred shares upon the issuance to them
of such equity interest a right to receive an additional number of shares of common stock of Kyle s or Wolo if Kyle s or
Wolo issues to any third-party equity securities at a price below the acquisition price (as defined below). Such additional number of
shares of common stock of Kyle s or Wolo to be issued in such instance shall be equal to a number of shares of common stock of
Kyle s or Wolo which, when added to the number of shares of common stock of Kyle s or Wolo constituting the initial additional
equity interest, would be equal to the total number of shares of common stock which would have been issued to a holder of series A senior
convertible preferred shares if the price per share of common stock of Kyle s or Wolo was equivalent to the price per equity security
paid by such third-party in Kyle s or Wolo. For purposes of this provision, acquisition price means the price per
share of Kyle s and Wolo that was paid by the Company upon the acquisition of Kyle s and Wolo, respectively. 

units, at a price of per unit, for aggregate gross proceeds of .
Each unit consists of one (1) series A senior convertible preferred share and a three-year warrant to purchase one (1) common share at
an exercise price of per common share (subject to adjustments), which such exercise price was adjusted to following the
adjustments (see Note 17), and may be exercised on a cashless basis under certain circumstances. The embedded conversion options of the
series A senior convertible preferred shares and warrants were clearly and closely related to the equity host and did not require bifurcation.
 The series A preferred shares fair value was derived using an Option Pricing Method and the warrants fair value was
derived using a Monte Carlo Simulation Model. 

F- 33 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

series A senior convertible preferred shares for a total redemption price, including
dividends through such date, of . 

shares of series A senior convertible preferred shares were converted into common shares. On August
12, 2022, the Company redeemed series A senior convertible preferred shares for a total redemption price of . 

and paid prior period accrued dividends of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company accrued
dividends attributable to the series A senior convertible preferred shares in the amount of and paid prior period accrued dividends
of . 

and series A senior convertible preferred shares issued and outstanding,
respectively. 

of its shares as series B senior convertible preferred
shares. Following is a description of the rights of the series B senior convertible preferred shares. 

of the stated
value per share, subject to adjustment). Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative.
Dividends shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date in cash or common shares at the Company s discretion.
Dividends payable in common shares shall be calculated based on a price equal to eighty percent of the VWAP during the five (5)
trading days immediately prior to the applicable dividend payment date; provided, however, that if the common shares are not registered,
and rulemaking regarding the Rule 144 holding period referred to below is effective on the payment date, the dividends payable in common
shares shall be calculated based upon the fixed price of ; provided further, that the Company may only elect to pay dividends in
common shares based upon such fixed price if the VWAP for the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable dividend payment
date is or higher. 

of the stated value plus an amount of cash equal to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether
or not declared) to, but not including the date of final distribution to such holders. If, upon any liquidation, the assets, or proceeds
thereof, distributable among the holders of the series B senior convertible preferred shares shall be insufficient to pay in full the
preferential amount payable to the holders of the series B senior convertible preferred shares and liquidating payments on any other
shares of any class or series of parity securities as to the distribution of assets on any liquidation, then such assets, or the proceeds
thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of series B senior convertible preferred shares and any such other parity securities
ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such series B senior convertible preferred shares and any
such other parity securities if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. 

F- 34 

1847
 HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

per share), plus the value of the accrued, but unpaid, dividends thereon, by the conversion price
of per share (subject to adjustments); provided that in no event shall the holder of any series B senior convertible preferred
shares be entitled to convert any number of series B senior convertible preferred shares that upon conversion the sum of (i) the number
of common shares beneficially owned by the holder and its affiliates and (ii) the number of common shares issuable upon the conversion
of the series B senior convertible preferred shares with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result
in beneficial ownership by the holder and its affiliates of more than of the then outstanding common shares. 

of the stated value plus the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends and any other amounts due pursuant to the terms
of the series B senior convertible preferred shares. 

F- 35 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

In addition, if any legislation or rules are adopted whereby the
holding period of securities for purposes of Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for convertible securities that convert
at market-adjusted rates is increased resulting in a longer holding period for convertible securities like the series B senior convertible
preferred shares and the unavailability at the time of conversion of Rule 144, the pricing provisions that are based upon the lowest
VWAP of the previous ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the relevant adjustment date shall be removed unless the common shares
issuable upon conversion are then registered under an effective registration statement. 

units, at a price of per unit, for aggregate gross
proceeds of . From April 20, 2022 to May 19, 2022, the Company sold an aggregate of units to the Company s Chief
Executive Officer, Ellery W. Roberts, for aggregate gross proceeds of . 

per common share (subject to adjustments), which such exercise price was adjusted to following the adjustments
(see Note 17), and may be exercised on a cashless basis under certain circumstances. The embedded conversion options of the series B
senior convertible preferred shares and warrants were clearly and closely related to the equity host and did not require bifurcation.
 The series B preferred shares fair value was derived using an Option Pricing Method and the warrants fair value was
derived using a Monte Carlo Simulation Model. 

series B senior convertible preferred shares for a total redemption price of . 

and paid prior period accrued dividends of . 

and series B senior convertible preferred shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

series A senior convertible preferred shares presented in mezzanine equity. 

series A senior convertible preferred shares and series B senior
convertible preferred shares from mezzanine equity to permanent equity. 

F- 36 

1847
 HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

allocation shares. These allocation shares do not entitle
the holder thereof to vote on any matter relating to the Company other than in connection with amendments to the Company s operating
agreement and in connection with certain other corporate transactions as specified in the operating agreement. 

of the allocation shares of the Company which represent the original equity interest in the Company. As a holder of
the allocation shares, the Manager is entitled to receive a profit allocation as a form of preferred distribution, pursuant to a
profit allocation formula upon the occurrence of certain events. Generally, the distribution of the profit allocation is paid upon the
occurrence of the sale of a material amount of capital stock or assets of one of the Company s businesses, including if the Company
distributes its equity ownership in a subsidiary to the Company s shareholders in a spin-off or similar transaction (a Sale
Event ), or, at the option of the Manager, at the five-year anniversary date of the acquisition of one of the Company s businesses
(a Holding Event ). The Company records distributions of the profit allocation to the holders upon occurrence of a Sale
Event or Holding Event as dividends declared on allocation interests to stockholders equity when they are approved by the Company s
board of directors. 

allocation shares are issued and outstanding and held by the Manager, which is controlled by Mr. Roberts, the Company s chief
executive officer and a principal shareholder. 

common shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had and common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

common shares to the holders of the series A senior convertible preferred shares
issued during 2020. The purchase price for the units issued to such holders was per unit. As noted above, on March 26, 2021, the
Company issued additional units at a purchase price of per unit. In exchange for the consent of the holders of the Company s
outstanding series A senior convertible preferred shares to the issuance of these additional units at a lower purchase price than such
holders paid for their shares, the Company issued common shares to such holders. 

common shares upon the conversion of series A senior convertible preferred shares. 

common shares upon cashless exercises of warrants. 

common shares to the underwriters, at a gross purchase price per
share of per share, pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-259011) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended. On August 5, 2022, the closing of the public offering was completed and the Company sold common shares
for total gross proceeds of million. After deducting underwriting commissions and expenses, the Company received net proceeds of approximately
 million. 

F- 37 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

common shares upon the partial extinguishment of the convertible promissory
notes issued to the H I Sellers (as described in Note 14). 

common shares upon the partial extinguishment of the related party promissory issued to the Kyle s Sellers (as described in Note
13). 

common shares to Bevilacqua PLLC, the Company s outside securities counsel, upon the
settlement of accounts payable (as described in Note 9). 

per share, or an aggregate of , to shareholders of record
as of March 31, 2022. This dividend was paid on April 15, 2022. 

per share, or an aggregate of , to shareholders of record
as of August 4, 2022. This dividend was paid on August 19, 2022. 

per share, or an aggregate of to shareholders of record
as of September 30, 2022. This dividend was paid on October 17, 2022. 

per common share (subject to adjustment),
which such exercise price was adjusted to following the adjustments described below. Accordingly, a portion of the proceeds were
allocated to the warrant based on its relative fair value using the Geometric Brownian Motion Stock Path Monte Carlo Simulation. 

per common share (subject to adjustment including
upon any future equity offering with a lower exercise price), which may be exercised on a cashless basis under certain circumstances.
Upon a reduction to the exercise price of such warrants, the number of warrant shares shall increase such that the aggregate exercise
price will remain the same. 

common shares with an exercise
price of per share and a five-year warrant for the purchase of common shares with an exercise price of per share
(subject to adjustment), which such exercise price was adjusted to following the adjustments described below. The exercise price
is subject to standard adjustments, including upon any future equity offering with a lower exercise price. Upon a reduction to the exercise
price of such warrants, the number of warrant shares shall increase such that the aggregate exercise price will remain the same. The
warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis under certain circumstances and contain certain beneficial ownership limitations. 

F- 38 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

per common share (subject to adjustment),
which such exercise price was adjusted to following the adjustments described below. Accordingly, a portion of the proceeds were
allocated to the warrant based on its relative fair value using the Geometric Brownian Motion Stock Path Monte Carlo Simulation. 

, and a five-year warrant for the purchase of
 common shares at an exercise price of per share (subject to adjustment), which such exercise price was adjusted to 
following the adjustments described below, which may be exercised on a cashless basis if the market price of the Company s common
shares is greater than the exercise price, for total net proceeds of . Additionally, the Company issued a three-year warrant
to J.H. Darbie Co (the broker) for the purchase of common shares at an exercise price of (subject to adjustment), which
such exercise price was adjusted to following the adjustments described below, which may be exercised on a cashless basis if the
market price of the Company s common shares is greater than the exercise price. Accordingly, a portion of the proceeds were allocated
to the warrants based on its relative fair value using the Geometric Brownian Motion Stock Path Monte Carlo Simulation. The assumptions
used in the model were as follows: (i) dividend yield of ; (ii) expected volatility of ; (iii) weighted average risk-free interest
rate of ; (iv) expected life of ; (v) estimated fair value of the common shares of per share; and (vi) various probability
assumptions related to down round price adjustments. The fair value of the warrants was , or per warrant, resulting in
the amount allocated to the warrants, based on their relative fair of , which was recorded as additional paid-in capital. On
August 10, 2022, the promissory note was repaid in full. On September 15, 2022, Mast Hill Fund, L.P. exercised its warrant on a cashless
basis. 

pursuant to certain antidilution provisions of such warrants (down round feature). In addition, certain
of the Company s outstanding warrants include a full ratchet feature, whereby the exercise price was reset to 
and the number of shares underlying the warrants was increased in the same proportion as the exercise price decrease. As a result, the
Company recognized a deemed dividend of approximately million, which was calculated using a Black-Scholes pricing model. 

F- 39 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

common shares at an
exercise price of , subject to adjustments. The warrants will be exercisable at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part,
during the period commencing on February 5, 2023 and ending on August 2, 2027 and may be exercised on a cashless basis under certain
circumstances. 

pursuant
to certain antidilution provisions of such warrants (down round feature). In addition, certain of the Company s outstanding warrants
include an full ratchet feature, whereby the exercise price was reset to and the number of shares underlying the
warrants was increased in the same proportion as the exercise price decrease. As a result, the Company recognized a deemed dividend of
approximately million, which was calculated using a Black-Scholes pricing model. 

Granted 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted (1) 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

common shares and an increase of common shares underlying warrants pursuant to the adjustments described above. 

years and a total intrinsic
value of . 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

potential common share equivalents from warrants, convertible debt, and series
A and B convertible preferred shares excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculations as their effect is anti-dilutive. 

potential common share equivalents from warrants, convertible debt, and series
A convertible preferred shares excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculations as their effect is anti-dilutive. 

F- 40 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively, that may be
available to reduce future years taxable income in varying amounts through 2041. 

and ) of significant items comprising the Company s net deferred tax amount
is as follows: 

Deferred Federal and
 State 

Total (benefit) provision
 for income taxes 

State tax 

Permanent items 

Measurement Period Adjustment 
 - 

Valuation Allowance 
 - 

Other 

Effective income tax
 rate 

and a net cumulative long-term deferred
tax liability of . The major components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Sales return reserve 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Business interest limitation 

Lease liability 

Other 

Loss carryforward 

Valuation Allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Fixed assets 

Right of Use Assets 

Intangibles 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Total net deferred income
 tax assets (liabilities) 

F- 41 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

, respectively. The tax years ended December 31, 2016 through December 31, 2022 are considered to be open under statute and therefore
may be subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and various state jurisdictions. 

Deferred tax liability 

common shares as a dividend to common shareholders of record
as of December 23, 2022 pursuant to a warrant agent agreement, dated January 3, 2023, with VStock Transfer, LLC. Each holder of common
shares received a warrant to purchase one (1) common share for every ten (10) common shares owned as of the record date (with the number
of shares underlying the warrant received rounded down to the nearest whole number). Each warrant represents the right to purchase common
shares at an initial exercise price of per share (subject to certain adjustments as set forth in the warrants). The Company may,
at its option, voluntarily reduce the then-current exercise price to such amount and for such period or periods of time which may be
through the expiration date as may be deemed appropriate by the board of directors. Cashless exercises of the warrants are not permitted. 

per warrant (subject to equitable adjustment to reflect share
splits, share dividends, share combinations, recapitalizations and like occurrences) upon not less than 30 days prior written
notice to the registered holders of the warrants. 

, which include an original issue discount
in the amount of , (ii) five-year warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of common shares at an exercise price of 
per share (subject to adjustment) and (iii) an aggregate of common shares for an aggregate purchase price of . 

, which include an original issue
discount in the amount of , and (ii) five-year warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of common shares at an exercise
price of per share (subject to adjustment). The Company also issued common shares to one investor and issued to the other
investor a five-year warrant for the purchase of common shares at an exercise price of per share (subject to adjustment).
The aggregate purchase price was . 

F- 42 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

, which includes an original issue discount in the amount
of , (ii) a five-year warrant for the purchase of common shares at an exercise price of per share (subject to adjustment)
and (iii) a five-year warrant for the purchase of common shares at an exercise price of per share (subject to adjustment)
for a total purchase price of . 

, warrants for the purchase of an aggregate
of common shares and common shares for gross proceeds of and net proceeds of approximately . 

per annum or the maximum amount permitted
by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid. The notes require monthly payments of principal and interest commencing in May
2023. The Company may voluntarily prepay the outstanding principal amount and accrued interest of each note in whole upon payment of
certain prepayment fees. In addition, if at any time the Company receives cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated
sources, including, but not limited to, the issuance of equity or debt, the exercise of outstanding warrants, the issuance of securities
pursuant to an equity line of credit (as defined in the notes) or the sale of assets outside of the ordinary course of business, each
holder shall have the right in its sole discretion to require the Company to immediately apply up to of such proceeds to repay all
or any portion of the outstanding principal amount and interest then due under the notes. The notes are unsecured and have priority over
all other unsecured indebtedness. The notes contain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default for a loan of
this type. 

(subject to adjustments) and (ii) 
of the lowest volume weighted average price of the common shares on any trading day during the five (5) trading days prior to the conversion
date; provided that such conversion price shall not be less than (subject to adjustments). 

of the number of common shares outstanding immediately after
giving effect to the issuance of common shares upon conversion or exercise. 

F- 43 

1847
HOLDINGS LLC 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

in cash, minus
any unpaid debt of ICU Holdings and certain transaction expenses, and (ii) subordinated promissory notes in the aggregate principal
amount of . 

per annum with all principal and accrued interest being due and payable in one lump sum on February
9, 2024; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in the notes), such interest rate shall increase to . 1847 ICU may prepay
all or any portion of the notes at any time prior to the maturity date without premium or penalty of any kind. The notes contain customary
events of default, including, without limitation, in the event of (i) non-payment, (ii) a default by 1847 ICU of any of its covenants
in the notes, the agreement and plan of merger or any other agreement entered into in connection with the agreement and plan of merger,
or a breach of any of the representations or warranties under such documents, (iii) the insolvency or bankruptcy of 1847 ICU or ICU Holdings
or (iv) a change of control (as defined in the notes) of 1847 ICU or ICU Holdings. The notes are unsecured and subordinated to all senior
indebtedness (as defined in the notes). 

, which is
evidenced by a secured promissory note in the principal amount of up to . On February 9, 2023, 1847 ICU received an advance
of under the note, of which was used to repay certain debt of ICU Holdings in connection with the agreement and
plan of merger, with the remaining used to pay lender fees. On February 11, 2023, the Industrial Funding Group, Inc. sold and
assigned the loan and security agreement, the note and related loan documents to GemCap Solutions, LLC. 

), and (ii) fifteen percent ); provided that following and during the continuation
of an event of default (as defined in the loan and security agreement), interest on the unpaid principal balance of the advances shall
accrue at an annual rate equal to such rate plus three percent ). Interest accrued on the advances shall be payable monthly commencing
on March 7, 2023. The Borrower may voluntarily prepay the entire unpaid principal amount of the note without premium or penalty; provided
that in the event that such prepayment is made on or before February 9, 2024, then the Borrower must pay certain fees set forth in the
note. The note is secured by all of the assets of the Borrower. 

;
(v) for any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, insolvency, or dissolution or assignment to creditors; (vi) if any judgments or attachments
aggregating in excess of at any given time are obtained against the Borrower which remain unstayed for a period of ten (10) days
or are enforced or if there is an indictment under an criminal statute or proceeding pursuant to which remedies sought may include the
forfeiture of any property; (vii) if a material adverse effect or change of control of the Borrower (each as defined in the loan agreement)
shall have occurred; (viii) for certain environmental claims; and (ix) for failure to notify the lender of certain events or failure
to deliver certain documentation required by the loan and security agreement. 

amortizing
promissory note described in Note 12, effective retroactively to October 20, 2022. Pursuant to the amendment, the parties agreed to extend
the maturity date of the note to July 30, 2023 and revised the repayment terms so that the outstanding principal amount and all accrued
interest thereon shall be payable in three payments on April 6, 2023, June 30, 2023 and July 30, 2023. As additional consideration for
entering into the amendment, 1847 Asien also agreed to pay an amendment fee of on the maturity date. 

F- 44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 April 11, 2023 
 1847 HOLDINGS LLC 

/s/
 Ellery W. Roberts 

Name: 
 Ellery W. Roberts 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Vernice L. Howard 

Name: 
 Vernice L. Howard 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 Ellery W. Roberts 
 
 Chairman and
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Ellery W. Roberts 

/s/ Vernice
 L. Howard 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

 (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Vernice L. Howard 

/s/ Robert
 D. Barry 
 
 Director 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Robert D. Barry 

/s/ Clark
 R. Crosnoe 
 
 Director 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Clark R. Crosnoe 

/s/ Paul A.
 Froning 
 
 Director 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Paul A. Froning 

/s/ Tracy
 S. Harris 
 
 Director 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Tracy S. Harris 

/s/ Lawrence
 X. Taylor 
 
 Director 
 
 April 11, 2023 
 
 Lawrence X. Taylor 

116 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_1847holdings.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF 1847 HOLDINGS LLC

Exhibit 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

General

The
following is a summary of the material terms of our shares as of December 31, 2022. The operating agreement provides for the issuance
of our shares, the terms relating to distributions with respect to our shares and the voting rights of holders of our shares. In addition,
the terms of the series A senior convertible preferred shares are governed by an amended and restated share designation, dated March
26, 2021, as amended, and the terms of the series B senior convertible preferred shares are governed by a share designation, dated February
17, 2022. 

The
following description is subject to the provisions of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act. Certain provisions of the operating
agreement are intended to be consistent with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, and the powers of our company, the
governance processes and the rights of the holders of our shares are generally intended to be similar in many respects to those that
would exist if our company was a Delaware corporation under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, with certain exceptions. 

The
statements that follow are subject to and are qualified in their entirety by reference to all of the provisions of the operating agreement
and the share designations, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to this annual report. 

We
are authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 common shares, 4,450,460 series A senior convertible preferred shares, 583,334 series B senior
convertible preferred shares and 1,000 allocation shares. As of December 31, 2022, we had 4,079,137 common shares, 1,593,940 series A
senior convertible preferred shares and 464,899 series B senior convertible preferred shares issued and outstanding. In connection with
the formation of our company, our manager acquired 100 of the allocation shares for a capital contribution of 1,000 by our manager.
Other than the allocation shares held by our manager, we will not be authorized to issue any other allocation shares. 

Common
Shares 

Distribution
Rights . Holders of common shares are entitled to receive ratably those distributions, if any, as may be declared from time to time
by the board of directors out of legally available funds. 

Liquidation
Rights . Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up in accordance with the terms of the operating agreement, the then holders
of common shares will be entitled to share in the assets of our company legally available for distribution, following payment to creditors
and our series A senior convertible preferred shares and series B senior convertible preferred shares, in accordance with the positive
balance in such holders tax-based capital accounts required by the operating agreement, after giving effect to all contributions,
distributions and allocations for all periods. 

Voting
Rights . The holders of common shares are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of
the shareholders. Under the operating agreement, any action to be taken by vote of shareholders other than for election of directors
shall be authorized by the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote. Directors
are elected by a plurality of votes cast. 

Other
Rights . Holders of common shares have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund
provisions applicable to the common shares. 

Series
A Senior Convertible Preferred Shares 

Ranking.
 The series A senior convertible preferred shares rank, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, (i) senior to all common shares, allocation shares, and each other class or series that is not expressly made senior to
or on parity with the series A senior convertible preferred shares; (ii) on parity with our series B senior convertible preferred shares
and each other class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series A senior convertible preferred shares;
and (iii) junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against our company and
each other class or series that is expressly made senior to the series A senior convertible preferred shares. 

Dividend
Rights. Holders of series A senior convertible preferred shares are entitled to dividends at a rate per annum of 14.0 of the stated
value 2.00 per share, subject to adjustment). Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative.
Dividends shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date in cash or common shares at our discretion. Dividends payable
in common shares shall be calculated based on a price equal to eighty percent (80 of the volume weighted average price for the common
shares on our principal trading market, or the VWAP, during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable dividend payment
date; provided, however, that if the common shares are not registered, and rulemaking referred to below is effective on the payment date,
the dividends payable in common shares shall be calculated based upon the fixed price of 1.57; provided further, that we may only elect
to pay dividends in common shares based upon such fixed price if the VWAP for the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable
dividend payment date is 1.57 or higher. 

Liquidation
Rights. Subject to the rights of our creditors and the holders of any senior securities or parity securities (in each case, as defined
in the share designation), upon any liquidation of our company or its subsidiaries, before any payment or distribution of the assets
of our company (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of securities that are junior to the series
A senior convertible preferred shares as to the distribution of assets on any liquidation of our company, including our common shares
and allocation shares, each holder of outstanding series A senior convertible preferred shares shall be entitled to receive an amount
of cash equal to 115 of the stated value plus an amount of cash equal to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether
or not declared) to, but not including the date of final distribution to such holders. If, upon any liquidation, the assets, or proceeds
thereof, distributable among the holders of the series A senior convertible preferred shares shall be insufficient to pay in full the
preferential amount payable to the holders of the series A senior convertible preferred shares and liquidating payments on any other
shares of any class or series of parity securities as to the distribution of assets on any liquidation, then such assets, or the proceeds
thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of series A senior convertible preferred shares and any such other parity securities
ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such series A senior convertible preferred shares and any
such other parity securities if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. 

Voting
Rights . The series A senior convertible preferred shares do not have any voting rights; provided that, so long as any series A senior
convertible preferred shares are outstanding, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of series A senior convertible preferred
shares, which majority must include Leonite so long as it holds any series A senior convertible preferred shares, voting as a separate
class (which we refer to herein as the Requisite Holders), shall be necessary for approving, effecting or validating any amendment, alteration
or repeal of any of the provisions of the share designation. In addition, so long as any series A senior convertible preferred shares
are outstanding, the affirmative vote of such holders shall be required prior to our company s (or Kyle s or Wolo s)
creation or issuance of (i) any parity securities; (ii) any senior securities; and (iii) any new indebtedness other than (A) intercompany
indebtedness by Kyle s or Wolo in favor of our company, (B) indebtedness incurred in favor of the sellers of Kyle s or Wolo
in connection with the acquisition of Kyle s or Wolo, or (C) indebtedness (or the refinancing of such indebtedness) the proceeds
of which are used to complete the acquisition of Kyle s or Wolo related expenses or working capital to operate the business of
Kyle s or Wolo. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this shall not apply to any financing transaction the use of proceeds of which we
will use to redeem the series A senior convertible preferred shares and the warrants issued in connection therewith. 

2 

Conversion
Rights . Each series A senior convertible preferred share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable common shares determined
by dividing the stated value 2.00 per share), plus the value of the accrued, but unpaid, dividends thereon, by the conversion price
of 7.00 per share; provided that in no event shall the holder of any series A senior convertible preferred shares be entitled to convert
any number of series A senior convertible preferred shares that upon conversion the sum of (i) the number of common shares beneficially
owned by the holder and its affiliates and (ii) the number of common shares issuable upon the conversion of the series A senior convertible
preferred shares with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the holder
and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the then outstanding common shares. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole discretion, upon not less than sixty-one (61) days prior notice to us. 

Redemption
Rights . We may redeem in whole, or upon the written consent of the Requisite Holders and in the manner provided for in such written
consent, in part, the series A senior convertible preferred shares by paying in cash therefore a sum equal to 115 of the stated value
plus the amount of accrued and unpaid plus any other amounts due pursuant to the terms of the series A senior convertible preferred shares. 

Adjustments .
The share designation contains standard adjustments to the conversion price in the event of any share splits, share combinations, share
reclassifications, dividends paid in common shares, sales of substantially all of our assets, mergers, consolidations or similar transactions.
In addition, the share designation provides that if, but only if, the Requisite Holders provide us with at least ten (10) business day s
prior written notice, then, from and after the date of such notice, the stated dividend rate, the stated value and the conversion price
shall automatically adjust as follows: 

On
 the first day of the 12 th month following the
 issuance date of any series A senior convertible preferred shares, the stated dividend
 rate shall automatically increase by five percent (5.0 per annum and the conversion price
 shall automatically adjust to the lower of the (i) initial conversion price and (ii) the
 price equal to the lowest VWAP of the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding such date. 

On
 the first day of the 24 th month following the
 issuance date of any series A senior convertible preferred shares, the stated dividend
 rate shall automatically increase by an additional five percent (5.0 per annum, the stated
 value shall automatically increase by ten percent (10 and the conversion price shall automatically
 adjust to the lower of the (i) initial conversion price and (ii) the price equal to the lowest
 VWAP of the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding such date. 

On
 the first day of the 36 th month following the
 issuance date of any series A senior convertible preferred shares, the stated dividend
 rate shall automatically increase by an additional five percent (5.0 per annum, the stated
 value shall automatically increase by ten percent (10 and the conversion price shall automatically
 adjust to the lower of the (i) initial conversion price and (ii) the price equal to the lowest
 VWAP of the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the third adjustment date. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the conversion price for purposes of the adjustments above shall not be adjusted to a number that is below 0.0075. In
addition, if any legislation or rules are adopted whereby the holding period of securities for purposes of Rule 144 of the Securities
Act for convertible securities that convert at market-adjusted rates is increased resulting in a longer holding period for convertible
securities like the series A senior convertible preferred shares and the unavailability at the time of conversion of Rule 144, the pricing
provisions that are based upon the lowest VWAP of the previous ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the relevant adjustment date
shall be removed unless the common shares issuable upon conversion are then registered under an effective registration statement. 

Additional
Equity Interest. On the third adjustment date set forth above, we are required to cause Kyle s and Wolo to issue to the holders
of series A senior convertible preferred shares, on a pro rata basis, a ten percent (10 equity stake Kyle s and/or Wolo. The
holders of series A senior convertible preferred shares issued in connection with the financing to complete the acquisition of Kyle s
shall receive the equity stake in Kyle s and the holders of series A senior convertible preferred shares issued in connection with
the financing to complete the acquisition of Wolo shall receive the equity stake in Wolo. We are required to cause Kyle s and Wolo
to grant to the holders of the series A senior convertible preferred shares upon the issuance to them of such equity interest a right
to receive an additional number of shares of common stock of Kyle s or Wolo if Kyle s or Wolo issues to any third-party equity
securities at a price below the acquisition price (as defined below). Such additional number of shares of common stock of Kyle s
or Wolo to be issued in such instance shall be equal to a number of shares of common stock of Kyle s or Wolo which, when added
to the number of shares of common stock of Kyle s or Wolo constituting the initial additional equity interest, would be equal to
the total number of shares of common stock which would have been issued to a holder of series A senior convertible preferred shares if
the price per share of common stock of Kyle s or Wolo was equivalent to the price per equity security paid by such third-party
in Kyle s or Wolo. For purposes of this provision, acquisition price means the price per share of Kyle s and
Wolo that was paid by us upon the acquisition of Kyle s and Wolo, respectively. 

Other
Rights . Holders of series A senior convertible preferred shares have no preemptive or subscription rights for additional securities
of our company. 

3 

Series
B Senior Convertible Preferred Shares 

Ranking.
 The series B senior convertible preferred shares rank, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon
liquidation, (i) senior to all common shares, allocation shares, and each other class or series that is not expressly made senior to
or on parity with the series B senior convertible preferred shares; (ii) on parity with our series A senior convertible preferred shares
and each other class or series that is not expressly subordinated or made senior to the series A senior convertible preferred shares;
and (iii) junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against our company and
each other class or series that is expressly made senior to the series B senior convertible preferred shares. 

Dividend
Rights . Holders of series B senior convertible preferred shares are entitled to dividends at a rate per annum of 14.0 of the stated
value 3.00 per share, subject to adjustment). Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative.
Dividends shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each dividend payment date in cash or common shares at our discretion. Dividends payable
in common shares shall be calculated based on a price equal to eighty percent (80 of the VWAP for the common shares our principal trading
market during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable dividend payment date; provided, however, that if the common
shares are not registered, and rulemaking regarding the Rule 144 holding period referred to below is effective on the payment date, the
dividends payable in common shares shall be calculated based upon the fixed price of 2.70; provided further, that we may only elect
to pay dividends in common shares based upon such fixed price if the VWAP for the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the applicable
dividend payment date is 2.70 or higher. 

Liquidation
Rights. Subject to the rights of our creditors and the holders of any senior securities or parity securities (in each case, as defined
in the share designation), upon any liquidation of our company or its subsidiaries, before any payment or distribution of the assets
of our company (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of securities that are junior to the series
B senior convertible preferred shares as to the distribution of assets on any liquidation of our company, including our common shares
and allocation shares, each holder of outstanding series B senior convertible preferred shares shall be entitled to receive an amount
of cash equal to 115 of the stated value plus an amount of cash equal to all accumulated accrued and unpaid dividends thereon (whether
or not declared) to, but not including the date of final distribution to such holders. If, upon any liquidation, the assets, or proceeds
thereof, distributable among the holders of the series B senior convertible preferred shares shall be insufficient to pay in full the
preferential amount payable to the holders of the series B senior convertible preferred shares and liquidating payments on any other
shares of any class or series of parity securities as to the distribution of assets on any liquidation, then such assets, or the proceeds
thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of series B senior convertible preferred shares and any such other parity securities
ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such series B senior convertible preferred shares and any
such other parity securities if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. 

Voting
Rights . The series B senior convertible preferred shares do not have any voting rights; provided that, so long as any series B senior
convertible preferred shares are outstanding, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of series B senior convertible preferred
shares, voting as a separate class, shall be necessary for approving, effecting or validating (i) any amendment, alteration or repeal
of any of the provisions of the share designation or (ii) our creation or issuance of any parity securities or any senior securities.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, such vote of the holders shall not be required in connection with the issuance of parity securities or
senior securities if, and so long as, the proceeds resulting from the issuance of such securities are used to redeem in full the outstanding
series B senior convertible preferred shares. 

Conversion
Rights . Each series B senior convertible preferred share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends thereon, shall be convertible, at
the option of the holder thereof, at any time and from time to time, into such number of fully paid and nonassessable common shares determined
by dividing the stated value 3.00 per share), plus the value of the accrued, but unpaid, dividends thereon, by the conversion price
of 12.00 per share; provided that in no event shall the holder of any series B senior convertible preferred shares be entitled to convert
any number of series B senior convertible preferred shares that upon conversion the sum of (i) the number of common shares beneficially
owned by the holder and its affiliates and (ii) the number of common shares issuable upon the conversion of the series B senior convertible
preferred shares with respect to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the holder
and its affiliates of more than 4.99 of the then outstanding common shares. This limitation may be waived (up to a maximum of 9.99 by the holder and in its sole discretion, upon not less than sixty-one (61) days prior notice to us. 

Redemption
Rights . We may redeem in whole (but not in part) the series B senior convertible preferred shares by paying in cash therefore a sum
equal to 115 of the stated value plus the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends and any other amounts due pursuant to the terms of
the series B senior convertible preferred shares. 

4 

Adjustments .
The share designation contains standard adjustments to the conversion price in the event of any share splits, share combinations, share
reclassifications, dividends paid in common shares, sales of substantially all of our assets, mergers, consolidations or similar transactions.
In addition, the share designation provides that the stated dividend rate, the stated value and the conversion price shall automatically
adjust as follows: 

On
 the first day of the 12 th month following the
 issuance of the first series B senior convertible preferred share, the stated dividend
 rate shall automatically increase by five percent (5.0 per annum and the conversion price
 shall automatically adjust to the lower of the (i) initial conversion price and (ii) the
 price equal to the lowest VWAP of the ten (10) trading days immediately preceding such date. 

On
 the first day of the 24th month following the issuance of the first series B senior convertible
 preferred share, the stated dividend rate shall automatically increase by an additional five
 percent (5.0 per annum, the stated value shall automatically increase by ten percent (10 and the conversion price shall automatically adjust to the lower of the (i) initial conversion
 price and (ii) the price equal to the lowest VWAP of the ten (10) trading days immediately
 preceding such date. 

On
 the first day of the 36th month following the issuance of the first series B senior convertible
 preferred share, the stated dividend rate shall automatically increase by an additional five
 percent (5.0 per annum, the stated value shall automatically increase by ten percent (10 and the conversion price shall automatically adjust to the lower of the (i) initial conversion
 price and (ii) the price equal to the lowest VWAP of the ten (10) trading days immediately
 preceding such date. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the conversion price for purposes of the adjustments above shall not be adjusted to a number that is below 0.0075 per
share (subject to adjustment for splits or dividends of the common shares). In addition, if any legislation or rules are adopted whereby
the holding period of securities for purposes of Rule 144 of the Securities Act for convertible securities that convert at market-adjusted
rates is increased resulting in a longer holding period for convertible securities like the series B senior convertible preferred shares
and the unavailability at the time of conversion of Rule 144, the pricing provisions that are based upon the lowest VWAP of the previous
ten (10) trading days immediately preceding the relevant adjustment date shall be removed unless the common shares issuable upon conversion
are then registered under an effective registration statement. 

Registration
Rights . We are required to file a registration statement with the SEC under the Securities Act covering the resale of all shares
issuable upon conversion of the series B senior convertible preferred shares and exercise of the warrants issued in connection therewith
with thirty (30) days after the closing and use our commercially reasonable efforts to have the registration statement declared effective
by the SEC as soon as practicable, but in no event later than (i) ninety (90) days after the closing of the unit offering in the
event that the SEC does not review the registration statement, or (ii) one hundred fifty (150) days after the closing in the event
that the SEC reviews the registration statement (but in any event, no later than two (2) business days from the SEC indicating that it
has no further comments on the registration statement). 

Allocation
Shares 

Distribution
Rights . Under the terms of the operating agreement, we will pay a profit allocation to our manager, as holder of the allocation shares.
See Item 1 Business Our Manager Our Manager as an Equity Holder Manager s Profit Allocation 
for a description of our manager s profit allocation to be paid to our manager and an example of the calculation of the profit
allocation. 

Liquidation
Rights . Upon a liquidation of our company, any accrued, but unpaid profit allocation due to our manager as a result of our manager s
ownership of the allocation shares would be paid to our manager before any payment is made of any amounts due upon a liquidation to the
holders of our common shares but after payment is made to the holders of our series A senior convertible preferred shares. 

5 

Voting
Rights. The operating agreement provides that the holder of allocation shares will not be entitled to any voting rights, except that
the holder of the allocation shares will have: 

voting
 rights in connection with the merger or consolidation of our company, the sale, lease or
 exchange of all or substantially all of our assets and certain other business combinations
 or transactions; 

a
 veto right with respect to the dissolution of our company in certain circumstances; 

a
 veto right with respect to the amendment of the provisions providing for distributions to
 the holders of allocation shares; 

a
 veto right to any amendment to the provisions entitling the holders of allocation shares
 to appoint and remove directors who will serve on our board of directors; 

a
 veto right to any amendment to the provision regarding the quorum and voting requirements
 for board meetings; 

a
 veto right to any amendment to the provisions regarding the indemnification and liability
 of directors; 

a
 veto right with respect to any amendment of the provision of the operating agreement governing
 amendments thereof; and 

a
 veto right with respect to any amendment that would adversely affect the holder of allocation
 shares. 

In
addition, the holder of the allocation shares has the right to appoint one (1) director to our board of directors for every four (4)
members constituting the entire board of directors. Any director appointed to our board of directors by the holder of the allocation
shares will not be required to stand for election by the holders of our common shares and will not have any special voting rights. 

Other
Rights . Holders of allocation shares have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there are no redemption or sinking
fund provisions applicable to the allocation shares. 

Warrants 

Series
A and B Unit Offering Warrants 

In
connection with our series A unit offering, we issued warrants for the purchase of common shares. As of December 31, 2022, warrants for
the purchase of 2,513,372 common shares are outstanding, which are exercisable within three years at an exercise price of 4.20 per common
share (subject to adjustment, including a full ratchet antidilution adjustment), and may be exercised on a cashless basis if the underlying
warrant shares are not then registered or otherwise freely tradeable. The antidilution provision
of these warrants is a so-called exploding full ratchet antidilution provision because if we issue shares (except in certain
defined scenarios) at a price below the then current exercise price, the exercise price would be re-set to such new price and the number
of shares underlying the warrants would be increased in the same proportion as the exercise price decrease. 

In
connection with the series B unit offering, we issued warrants for the purchase of common shares.
As of December 31, 2022, warrants for the purchase of 120,397 common shares are outstanding, which are exercisable within three
years at an exercise price of 4.20 per common share (subject to adjustment, including a price based antidilution adjustment), and may
be exercised on a cashless basis if the underlying warrant shares are not then registered or otherwise freely tradeable. These warrants
do not contain an exploding antidilution feature. Instead, if we issue shares (except in certain
defined scenarios) at a price below the then current exercise price, the exercise price would be re-set to such new price, but the number
of common shares underlying the warrants would not increase. 

6 

We
may force the exercise of the warrants at any time after the one year anniversary of the date of the warrants, if (i) our company is
listed on a national securities exchange or the over-the-counter market, (ii) the underlying common shares are registered or the holder
of the warrant otherwise has the ability to trade the underlying common shares without restriction, (iii) the 30-day volume-weighted
daily average price of our common shares exceeds 200 of the exercise price, as adjusted and (iv) the average daily trading volume is
at least 100,000 common shares during such 30-day period. 

We
may redeem the warrants held by any holder in whole (but not in part) by paying in cash to such holder as follows: (i) 0.50 per share
then underlying the warrant if within the first twelve (12) months of issuance; (ii) 1.00 per share then underlying the warrant if after
the first twelve (12) months, but before twenty-four (24) months of issuance; and (iii) 1.50 per share then underlying the warrant if
after twenty-four months, but before thirty-six (36) months. 

The
warrants also contain an ownership limitation, such that we shall not effect any exercise of any warrant, and the holder shall not have
the right to exercise any portion of such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to issuance of common shares upon exercise
such warrant, such holder, together with its affiliates, and any other persons acting as a group together with such holder or any of
its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of common shares outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of common shares issuable upon exercise of such warrant. Upon no fewer than 61 days prior notice to us, a
purchaser may increase or decrease such beneficial ownership limitation provisions and any such increase or decrease will not be effective
until the 61st day after such notice is delivered to us. 

Other
Warrants 

October
8, 2021, we issued to Leonite a five-year warrant for the purchase of 297,620 common shares with an exercise price of 4.20 per share.
The exercise price is subject to standard adjustments, including a full
ratchet antidilution adjustment, and the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis if the underlying warrant shares are not then
registered or otherwise freely tradeable. The antidilution provision of these warrants is a so-called
 exploding full ratchet antidilution provision because if we issue shares (except in certain defined scenarios) at a price
below the then current exercise price, the exercise price would be re-set to such new price and the number of shares underlying the warrants
would be increased in the same proportion as the exercise price decrease. 

On
July 8, 2022, we issued to J.H. Darbie Co., Inc. a five-year warrant for the purchase of 3,600 common shares at an exercise price
of 4.20 per share. The exercise price is subject to standard adjustments, including a price
based antidilution adjustment, and the warrant may be exercised on a cashless basis if the market price of our common shares is greater
than the exercise price. 

On
August 5, 2022, we issued a common share purchase warrant to each of Craft Capital Management LLC and R.F. Lafferty Co. Inc. for
the purchase of 35,715 common shares at an exercise price of 5.25. The warrants are exercisable at any time and from time to time
during the period commencing on February 5, 2023 and ending on August 2, 2027 and may be exercised on a cashless basis under certain
circumstances. The exercise price is subject to standard adjustments
 for share dividends, splits, recapitalizations, mergers, reorganizations and similar events. 

All
of these warrants contains an ownership limitation, such that we shall not effect any exercise of any warrant, and the holder shall not
have the right to exercise any portion of such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to issuance of common shares upon exercise
such warrant, such holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of common shares outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of common shares issuable upon exercise of such warrant. In the case of the warrant
issued to Leonite, upon no fewer than 61 days prior notice to us, it may increase or decrease such beneficial ownership limitation
provisions (up to a maximum of 9.99 and any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice is
delivered to us. 

7 

Convertible
Promissory Notes 

On
October 8, 2021, we issued to two institutional investors, including Leonite, secured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal
amount of 24,860,000. The notes bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 4.75 plus the U.S. prime rate that appears
in The Wall Street Journal from time to time or (ii) 8 ; provided that, upon an event of default (as defined in the notes), such
rate shall increase to 24 or the maximum legal rate. The holders of the notes may, in their sole discretion, elect to convert any outstanding
and unpaid principal portion of the notes, and any accrued but unpaid interest on such portion, into our common shares at a conversion
price equal to 4.20 (subject to standard adjustments, including a price based antidilution adjustment). Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the notes contain a beneficial ownership limitation, which provides that we shall not effect any conversion to the extent that after
giving effect to the conversion, the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of
common shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of common shares upon such conversion. Upon no fewer than
61 days prior notice to us, a holder may increase or decrease such beneficial ownership limitation (up to a maximum of 9.99 and any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice is delivered to us. 

Exchangeable
Promissory Notes 

On
October 8, 2021, our subsidiary 1847 Cabinet issued 6 subordinated convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of
 5,880,345 to the sellers of High Mountain and Innovative Cabinets. On July 26, 2022, we and 1847 Cabinet entered into a conversion agreement
with Steven J. Parkey and Jose D. Garcia-Rendon, pursuant to which they agreed to convert an aggregate of 3,360,000 of the convertible
notes into an aggregate of 800,000 common shares at a conversion price of 4.20 per share. The notes bear interest at a rate of six percent
(6 per annum and are due and payable on October 8, 2024; provided that upon an event of default (as defined in the notes), such interest
rate shall increase to ten percent (10 per annum. The notes are convertible into shares of common stock of 1847 Cabinet. In addition,
on October 8, 2021, we entered into an exchange agreement with the holders, pursuant to which we granted them the right to exchange all
of the principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest under the notes as may be the outstanding from time to time or any portion thereof
for a number of our common shares to be determined by dividing the amount to be converted by an exchange price equal to the higher of
(i) the 30-day volume weighted average price for our common shares on the primary national securities exchange or over-the-counter market
on which our common shares are traded over the thirty (30) trading days immediately prior to the applicable exchange date or (ii) 2.50
(subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits, stock combinations, recapitalizations and similar transactions). 

Agreement
to be Bound by our Operating Agreement; Power of Attorney 

By
purchasing our shares, you will be admitted as a member of our company and will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by the terms of
the operating agreement. Pursuant to the operating agreement, each shareholder and each person who acquires a share from a shareholder
grants to certain of our officers (and, if appointed, a liquidator) a power of attorney to, among other things, execute and file documents
required for our qualification, continuance or dissolution. The power of attorney also grants certain of our officers the authority to
make certain amendments to, and to make consents and waivers under and in accordance with, our operating agreement. 

Ratification
of Agreements 

The
operating agreement provides that each holder, by acquiring shares, ratifies and confirms the various agreements entered into by our
company, including but not limited to, the management services agreement, the supplemental put provision of the operating agreement,
and that the execution of any of these agreements does not constitute a breach of any duty existing under the operating agreement or
otherwise existing at law, in equity or otherwise by any persons, including our manager, approving, negotiating or executing such agreements
on behalf our company. 

Waiver
of Jury Trial 

Our
operating agreement provides that, to the extent permitted by law, holders of common shares waive the right to a jury trial of any claim
they may have against us arising out of or relating to our operating agreement, including any claim under the U.S. federal securities
laws. If we opposed a jury trial demand based on the waiver, the court would determine whether the waiver was enforceable under the facts
and circumstances of that case in accordance with applicable case law. 

8 

Election
by Our Company 

The
operating agreement provides that our board of directors may, without the vote of holders of our shares, cause our company to elect to
be treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes if the board receives an opinion from a nationally recognized
financial advisor to the effect that our market valuation is expected to be significantly lower as a result of our company continuing
to be treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes than if our company instead elected to be treated as a corporation
for United States federal income tax purposes. 

Amendment
of the Operating Agreement 

The
operating agreement may be amended by a majority vote of our board of directors, except that amending the following provisions requires
an affirmative vote of at least a majority of the then outstanding common shares: 

the
 purpose or powers of our company; 

an
 increase in the number of common shares authorized for issuance; 

the
 distribution rights of the common shares; 

the
 voting rights relating to the common shares; 

the
 hiring of a replacement manager following the termination of the management services agreement; 

the
 merger or consolidation of our company, the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially
 all of our assets and certain other business combinations or transactions; 

the
 right of our shareholders to vote on the dissolution, winding up and liquidation of our company;
 and 

the
 provision of the operating agreement governing amendments thereof. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

Certain
provisions of the management services agreement and the operating agreement may make it more difficult for third parties to acquire control
of our company by various means. These provisions could deprive our shareholders of opportunities to realize a premium on the shares
owned by them. In addition, these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our shares. These provisions are intended
to: 

protect
 our manager and its economic interests in our company; 

protect
 the position of our manager and its rights to manage the business and affairs of our company
 under the management services agreement; 

enhance
 the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our board of directors and
 in the policies formulated by our board of directors; 

discourage
 certain types of transactions which may involve an actual or threatened change in control
 of our company; 

discourage
 certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights; 

encourage
 persons seeking to acquire control of our company to consult first with our board of directors
 to negotiate the terms of any proposed business combination or offer; and 

reduce
 the vulnerability of our company to an unsolicited proposal for a takeover that does not
 contemplate the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares or that is otherwise unfair
 to our shareholders. 

9 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of the Management Services Agreement 

The
limited circumstances in which our manager may be terminated means that it will be very difficult for a potential acquirer of our company
to take over the management and operation of our business. Under the terms of the management services agreement, our manager may only
be terminated by us in certain limited circumstances. Furthermore, our manager has the right to resign and terminate the management services
agreement upon 120 days notice. 

Upon
the termination of the management service agreement, seconded officers, employees, representatives and delegates of our manager and its
affiliates who are performing the services that are the subject of the management services agreement, will resign their respective position
with us and cease to work at the date of our manager s termination or at any other time as determined by our manager. Any director
on our board of directors appointed by the holder of the allocation shares may continue serving on our board of directors subject to
our manager s continued ownership of the allocation shares and subject to such director s removal by the holder of the allocation
shares. 

If
we terminate the management services agreement, our company and its businesses must cease using the term 1847, including
any trademarks based on the name of our company that may be licensed to them by our manager under a license grant in the management services
agreement, entirely in their businesses and operations within 180 days of our termination of the management services agreement.
The license grant requires our company and its businesses to change their names to remove any reference to the term 1847 
or any reference to trademarks licensed to them by our manager upon termination of the license which would occur upon termination of
the management services agreement. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions in the Operating Agreement 

A
number of provisions of the operating agreement also could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire,
or of discouraging a third-party from acquiring, control of our company. The operating agreement prohibits the merger or consolidation
of our company with or into any limited liability company, corporation, statutory trust, business trust or association, real estate investment
trust, common-law trust or any other unincorporated business, including a partnership, or the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially
all of our property or assets unless, in each case, our board of directors adopts a resolution by a majority vote approving such action
and unless such action is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of each of the outstanding common shares and
allocation shares entitled to vote thereon. 

In
addition, the operating agreement contains provisions based generally on Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware which prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with an interested holder of our common shares unless such business
combination is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66 2/3 of each of the outstanding common shares and allocation shares,
excluding shares held by the interested holder or any affiliate or associate of the interested holder of interests. 

Subject
to the right of our manager to appoint directors and any successor in the event of a vacancy, the operating agreement authorizes our
board of directors to increase the size of the board of directors and to fill vacancies on our board of directors. This provision could
prevent a holder of common shares from effectively obtaining an indirect majority representation on our board of directors by permitting
the existing board of directors to increase the number of directors and to fill the vacancies with its own nominees. The operating agreement
also provides that directors may be removed, with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of the then
outstanding common shares. A director appointed by our manager may only be removed by our manager, as holder of the allocation shares. 

The
operating agreement provides that special meetings may only be called by the chairman of our board of directors or by resolution adopted
by our board of directors. 

10 

The
operating agreement also provides that holders of common shares seeking to bring business before an annual meeting of members or to nominate
candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of members must provide notice thereof in writing to us not less than 120 days
and not more than 150 days prior to the anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting of members or as otherwise
required by requirements of the Exchange Act. In addition, the holders of common shares furnishing such notice must be a holder of record
on both (i) the date of delivering such notice and (ii) the record date for the determination of members entitled to vote at
such meeting. The operating agreement specifies certain requirements as to the form and content of a member s notice. These provisions
may preclude members from bringing matters before members at an annual meeting or from making nominations for directors at an annual
or special meeting. 

Authorized
but unissued shares are available for future issuance, without further approval of our shareholders. These additional shares may be utilized
for a variety of purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital or to fund acquisitions, as well as option plans
for our employees. The existence of authorized but unissued shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control
of our company by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

In
addition, our board of directors has broad authority to amend the operating agreement, as discussed above. Our board of directors could,
in the future, choose to amend the operating agreement to include other provisions which have the intention or effect of discouraging
takeover attempts. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common shares is VStock Transfer, LLC. The address for VStock Transfer, LLC is 18 Lafayette Pl,
Woodmere, NY 11598, and the telephone number is (212) 828-8436. 

11 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-27_1847holdings.htm
 LETTER AGREEMENT, DATED APRIL 6, 2023, BETWEEN ASIEN INC. AND JOERG CHRISTIAN WILHELMSEN AND SUSAN KAY WILHELMSEN, AS TRUSTEES OF THE WILHELMSEN FAMILY TRUST, U/D/T DATED MAY 1, 1992

Exhibit 10.27 

1847 Asien Inc. 

 1801 Piner
Road 
Santa Rosa, CA 95403 

April 6, 2023 

Joerg Christian Wilhelmsen and Susan Kay Wilhelmsen, 

 as Trustees of the Wilhelmsen Family Trust,
U/D/T dated May 1, 1992 
123 Barrio Way 
Windsor, CA 95492 

 Attn: Joerg Christian Wilhelmsen and Susan Kay Wilhelmsen 

Mr. and Ms. Wilhelmsen: 

Reference is
made to that certain 6 Amortizing Promissory Note, dated July 29, 2020 (as amended to the date hereof, the Note by and between 1847 Asien Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and you (the Holder ). Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Note. 

The Company and
the Holder desire and agree to amend the Note as follows: (i) Section 1 of the Note is hereby amended such that Unamortized Principal
with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon and related amendment fee shall be payable in accordance with the schedule set forth on Exhibit
A hereto; and (ii) the Maturity Date is hereby extended to July 30, 2023. The parties hereto agree that the amendments described above
are effective retroactively to October 20, 2022. 

[Signature page follows] 

By signing below, the Holder hereby consents
and agrees to amend the terms of the Note and agrees to the Amendment Fee as consideration therefor, as set forth herein. 

Very truly yours, 

1847 Asien Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Ellery Roberts 

Name: 
 Ellery Roberts 

Title: 
 Executive Chairman 

AGREED, CONSENT TO AND ACKNOWLEDGED: 

Joerg Christian Wilhelmsen and Susan Kay Wilhelmsen,
as Trustees 
 of the Wilhelmsen Family Trust, U/D/T dated May 1, 1992 

By: 
 /s/ Joerg Christian Wilhelmsen 

Name: 
 Joerg Christian Wilhelmsen 

Title: 
 Trustee 

By: 
 /s/ Susan Kay Wilhelmsen 

Name: 
 Susan Kay Wilhelmsen 

Title: 
 Trustee 

2 

EXHIBIT A 
PAYMENT SCHEDULE 

Payment Date 
 Payment Amount 
 Principal 
 Interest 
 Balance Due 
 
 April
 7, 2023 
 67,421 
 0 
 67,421 
 682,733 
 
 June
 30, 2023 
 306,253 
 256,159 
 50,094 

July 30,
 2023 
 309,059 
 306,252 
 2,807 

July
 30, 2023 
 84,362 

TOTAL: 
 767,095 

Balance includes accrued but unpaid through July 30, 2023 

Amendment fee representing 15 of the Unamortized Principal,
payable on July 30, 2023 

3 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-14.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex14-1_1847holdings.htm
 CODE OF BUSINESS ETHICS AND CONDUCT

Exhibit 14.1 

1847 HOLDINGS LLC 

 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

1. INTRODUCTION 

This
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (this Code has been adopted by the Board of
Directors (the Board of 1847 Holdings LLC (together with its subsidiaries, we , 
 us , our or the Company for its directors, officers and other employees. As used herein, the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions are sometimes also referred to as the Senior Financial
Officers . 

All
persons subject to this Code are expected to foster a culture of honesty, integrity, fairness, professionalism and accountability. The
guiding principles in this Code are designed to deter wrongdoing and to help us adhere to the highest level of ethical conduct in all
our activities, including our relationships with other directors, officers and other employees, and with customers, suppliers, competitors,
the government, and the public, including job candidates and our shareholders. 

2. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS 

We
are committed to conducting our business affairs in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. In line with our culture
of accountability, each person subject to this Code is expected to have a basic understanding of the major laws and regulations that apply
to their work. If you are unsure about a situation or practice, or applicable law, rule or regulation, please contact the Chief Financial
Officer for assistance. 

While
it is impractical to list all pertinent laws in this Code, a few widely applicable legal requirements are described here: 

Insider Trading
Laws 

Using
any non-public Company information to trade in securities (e.g. buying or selling stock, including derivatives), or providing a family
member, friend or any other person with a tip about this information, could constitute insider trading. Insider trading
is illegal, and it violates this Code and our Insider Trading Policy. You should familiarize yourself with the Insider Trading Policy,
which describes company-wide measures designed to mitigate insider trading risks such as blackout periods and preclearance procedures. 

You
should also remember that complying with securities laws extends beyond the Company you should not buy or sell stock of any other
company using material non-public information you have learned about that company through the scope of your employment or otherwise. Please
contact the Administrator of the Insider Trading Policy with any specific questions about trading in securities. 

Anti-corruption
and Anti-bribery Laws 

We
do not tolerate corruption in connection with any of our business dealings. We strictly prohibit bribes, kickbacks, illegal payments and
any other offer of items of value that may improperly influence or reward any individual, whether that individual is a government official
or a private party, and whether provided directly or through a third party such as a supplier, customs broker or other agent. 

You
should be careful when you give gifts and pay for meals, entertainment or other business courtesies on behalf of the Company. Anything
of value can be considered a gift, and a gift should not be given or received unless all of the following conditions are met: (i) it is
of nominal value (less than 150); (ii) it is customary under the circumstances (cash is never customary); (iii) it is not designed to
obtain special or favored treatment; (iv) it is legal in the location and under the circumstances where given and (v) the recipient is
not a government official. The best approach to complying with this policy is to exercise good judgment gifts and other business
courtesies should not become a regular occurrence, should not be excessive in value and should not impact business objectivity. 

You
should be especially careful when dealing with a governmental official. Government officials 
include any government employee; candidate for public office; or employee of government-owned or -controlled companies, public international
organizations, or political parties. Several laws around the world, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, specifically prohibit
offering or giving anything of value to government officials to influence official action or to secure an improper advantage. This includes
not only traditional gifts, but also things like meals, travel, political or charitable contributions, and job offers for government officials 
relatives. To prevent violations, before extending any gift or other business courtesy involving a government official, please consult
our Anti-Corruption Policy and if you still have questions, please contact the Chief Financial Officer. 

Antitrust and
Competition Laws 

You
should treat business partners, competitors and other stakeholders and decision-makers fairly. This means we should not take unfair advantage
through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or other unfair practices. Antitrust
and competition law is a complex subject but in general these laws prohibit activities aimed at preventing or restricting free competition,
abusing intellectual property rights or using market power to unfairly disadvantage competitors. If there is a question as to the appropriateness
of a particular business decision or course of action, you should seek advice from the Chief Financial Officer. 

3. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 

A
conflict of interest is any activity that is inconsistent with or opposed to our best interest, or that gives the appearance of impropriety
or divided loyalty. When considering a course of action, ask yourself whether the action you re considering could create an incentive
for you, or appear to others to create an incentive for you, to benefit yourself, your friends or family, or an associated business at
the expense of the Company. If the answer is yes, the action you re considering is likely to create a conflict of
interest situation, and you should avoid it. A common conflict of interest scenario involves business opportunities found through work,
such as a product, service, app, customer, supplier or other opportunity we may want to pursue. You may not compete with the Company,
and any business opportunities discovered through your work at the Company belong first to the Company. A few other places where conflicts
of interest often arise include: making personal investments; purchasing or selling products for personal gain; hiring, promoting or selecting
contractors or vendors; accepting outside employment, advisory roles and board seats and starting your own business; inventions; friends
and relatives; workplace relationships; and gifts, entertainment and other business courtesies. Use good judgment, and if you are unsure
about a potential conflict of interest, please consult our Related Party Transactions Policy and if you still have questions, please contact
the Chief Financial Officer. 

4. PROTECTION AND PROPER USE OF COMPANY ASSETS AND PERSONAL INFORMATION 

Employees
use Company assets every day, including computers, phones, software, vehicles, facilities, supplies, data and intellectual property. You
should protect these assets against loss, damage or theft and use them only for legal, appropriate reasons in accordance with Company
guidelines. 

Confidential
proprietary information and intellectual property generated and gathered in our business is also a valuable Company asset. Protecting
these assets plays a vital role in our continued growth and ability to compete. Intellectual property includes copyrights, patents, trademarks,
product and package designs, brand names and logos, inventions and trade secrets. At all times, you should take precautions to protect
our intellectual property and confidential business information including not talking about or sharing information about these things
in public places or forums (such as social media). As part of our day-to-day operations, we also come into contact with the personal information
of customers, job candidates, business partners and other employees. It is critical that you keep personal information safe and follow
all applicable data privacy laws and Company policies for collecting, storing, using, sharing and disposing of personal information. Please
contact the Chief Financial Officer with any questions about privacy or data protection. 

5. PUBLIC DISCLOSURE 

Senior
Financial Officers are responsible for ensuring that the disclosure in the Company s periodic reports is full, fair, accurate, timely
and understandable. To fulfill our legal, financial and management obligations, you should follow the Company s policies and make
sure our financial records are complete and accurate and internal controls are honored. Inaccurate financial reporting could undermine
shareholder confidence, impact our reputation and subject the Company to fines and penalties. 

2 

6. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY, NON-DISCRIMINATION AND FAIR EMPLOYMENT 

We
are committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of our business. We do not tolerate discrimination based on characteristics such
as race, sex, age, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, pregnancy or related
conditions, ancestry, marital status, mental or physical disability, medical condition, veteran status or any other basis protected by
local law. We also make all reasonable accommodations to meet our obligations under laws protecting the rights of the disabled. Our policies
are designed to ensure that all personnel are treated, and treat each other, fairly and with respect and dignity. This applies to interactions
with employees, customers, contractors, suppliers and applicants for employment, and any other interactions where you represent the Company. 

We
also have a zero-tolerance policy on harassment, violence or any verbal or physical conduct that creates an intimidating, offensive or
hostile work environment. Any behavior or incident that violates this Code should be immediately reported to your manager, HR, the Chief
Financial Officer, or any combination thereof. We will promptly and thoroughly investigate any complaints and take appropriate action. 

7. WORKPLACE SAFETY 

We
are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace. You are expected to follow all applicable health and safety rules and practices
and to report accidents, injuries and unsafe conditions, procedures, or behaviors. You are also expected to report to work in a condition
to perform you duties, free from the influence of drugs or alcohol. 

8. COMPLIANCE WITH THIS CODE AND REPORTING OF ANY ILLEGAL OR UNETHICAL BEHAVIOR 

All
directors, officers and other employees, as well as independent contractors, consultants and others who do business with us are expected
to comply with this Code. Failure to comply with this Code, or failure to report a violation, may result in disciplinary action up to
and including termination of employment or the end of your working relationship with the Company. You have a responsibility to speak up
when you are in a situation or are aware of a situation that you believe may violate or lead to a violation of this Code, Company policy
or the law. If you have knowledge of a possible violation, you must notify either your manager (provided your manager is not involved
in the violation), HR or the Chief Financial Officer. You can also report violations in writing to the Chief Financial Officer at 590
Madison Avenue, 21st Floor, New York, NY 10022. If you would be more comfortable doing so, you may submit your reports anonymously. Your
information will be shared only with those who have a need to know, such as those involved in answering your questions or investigating
and correcting issues you raise. If your report involves accounting, internal accounting controls, finance, or auditing matters, we may
be required to share such information with the Audit Committee of the Board. We will not retaliate, and will not tolerate any kind of
retaliation, for reporting a concern in good faith. 

9. WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS 

Amendments
to this Code must be approved by the Board and will be promptly disclosed as required by law. Any waivers of the provisions in this Code
for Senior Financial Officers may only be granted by the Board and will be promptly disclosed as required by law. 

3 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-19.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex19-1_1847holdings.htm
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY

Exhibit 19.1 

1847 HOLDINGS LLC 

 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 

1. PURPOSE 

This Insider Trading Policy
(this Policy states the policy with respect to transactions in the securities of 1847 Holdings LLC (the Company ),
and the handling of confidential information about the Company and other companies with which the Company does business. The Company s
Board of Directors has adopted this Policy to promote compliance with federal and state securities laws that prohibit certain persons
who are aware of material nonpublic information about a company from (i) trading in securities of that company, or (ii) providing material
nonpublic information to other persons who may trade on the basis of that information. 

2. PERSONS SUBJECT TO THE POLICY 

This Policy applies to all
members of the Company s Board of Directors (collectively, directors and each, a director ),
officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. The Company may also determine that other persons should be subject to this
Policy, such as contractors or consultants who have access to material nonpublic information about the Company. With respect to any person
covered by this Policy, this Policy also applies to that person s family members, other members of that person s household,
and entities controlled by that person, as described below under Transactions by Family Members and Others and Transactions
by Entities That You Influence or Control. 

3. TRANSACTIONS SUBJECT TO THE POLICY 

This Policy applies to transactions
in the Company s securities (collectively, Company Securities ), including the Company s common shares,
restricted shares, options to purchase common shares, or any other type of security the Company may issue, including (but not limited
to) preferred shares, convertible debentures and warrants. In addition, this Policy applies to derivative securities that are not issued
by the Company but which relate to Company Securities, such as exchange-traded put or call options or swaps. This Policy similarly applies
to transactions in or relating to the securities of certain other companies with which the Company does business. 

4. INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITY 

Persons subject to this Policy
have ethical and legal obligations to maintain the confidentiality of information about the Company and to not engage in transactions
in Company Securities while in possession of material nonpublic information. Each individual is responsible for making sure that he or
she complies with this Policy, and that any family member, household member or related entity whose transactions are subject to this Policy,
as discussed below, also comply with this Policy. In all cases, the responsibility for determining whether an individual is in possession
of material nonpublic information rests with that individual, and any action on the part of the Company, the Administrator (as defined
below) or any other employee or director pursuant to this Policy (or otherwise) does not in any way constitute legal advice or insulate
an individual from liability under applicable securities laws. You could be subject to severe legal penalties and disciplinary action
by the Company for any conduct prohibited by this Policy or applicable securities laws, as described below under Consequences of
Violations. 

5. ADMINISTRATION OF THE POLICY 

The Administrator 
of this Policy is the Company s Chief Financial Officer, or such other individual designated by the Company s Board of Directors
from time to time. All determinations and interpretations by the Administrator are final and not subject to further review. 

- 1 - 

6. PRINCIPAL STATEMENT OF POLICY 

(a) Trading
in Company Securities and Disclosure of Nonpublic Information . No director, officer or other employee of the Company (or any other
person designated by this Policy or by the Administrator as subject to this Policy) who is aware of material nonpublic information relating
to the Company may, directly or indirectly through family members or other persons or entities: 

(i) engage
in transactions in Company Securities, except as otherwise specified in this Policy under the heading Limited Exceptions; 

(ii) recommend
the purchase or sale of any Company Securities; 

(iii) disclose
material nonpublic information to persons within the Company whose jobs do not require them to have that information, or to persons outside
of the Company, including, but not limited to, family, friends, business associates, investors and consultants, except as required in
the performance of regular corporate duties and only to the extent appropriate confidentiality protections are effective and the disclosure
conforms to Company policies; or 

(iv) assist
anyone engaged in the above activities. 

(b) Trading
in Securities of Other Companies . No director, officer or other employee of the Company (or any other person designated by this Policy
or by the Administrator as subject to this Policy) who, in the course of working for the Company, learns of material nonpublic information 
about a company with which the Company does or intends to do business, including a customer, supplier or service provider of the Company,
may trade in that company s securities until the information becomes public or is no longer material. 

(c) No
Exceptions . There are no exceptions to this Policy, except as specifically noted herein. Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable
for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure), or small transactions, are not excluded from this
Policy. The securities laws do not recognize any mitigating circumstances, and, in any event, even the appearance of an improper transaction
must be avoided to preserve the Company s reputation for adhering to the highest standards of conduct. 

7. DEFINITION OF MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 

(a) Material
Information . Information is considered material if a reasonable investor would consider that information important in
making a decision to buy, hold or sell securities. Any information that could be expected to impact the Company s share price,
whether it is positive or negative, is considered material. There is no bright-line standard for assessing materiality; rather,
materiality is based on an assessment of all of the facts and circumstances, and is often evaluated by enforcement authorities with the
benefit of hindsight. While it is not possible to define all categories of material information, some examples of information that ordinarily
would be regarded as material are: 

operating or financial results or projections, including earnings guidance; 

analyst upgrades or downgrades of the Company or one of its securities; 

corporate transactions, such as mergers, acquisitions or restructurings; 

dividend, share repurchase or recapitalization matters; 

debt or equity financing matters; 

- 2 - 

regulatory matters; 

a change in the Board of Directors or senior management; 

a change in auditors or disagreements with auditors; 

impending bankruptcy or the existence of severe liquidity problems; 

litigation or regulatory proceedings and investigations; 

the imposition of a ban on trading in Company Securities or other securities; 

intellectual property and other proprietary information; and 

significant corporate developments, including with respect to research and development activities. 

(b) Nonpublic
Information . Information is considered nonpublic if that information has not been broadly disclosed to the marketplace,
such as by press release or a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and/or the investing
public has not had time to fully absorb that information. Nonpublic information may include: 

information available to a select group of persons subject to confidentiality obligations to the Company; 

undisclosed facts that are the subject of rumors, even if the rumors are widely circulated; and 

information that has been entrusted to the Company on a confidential basis. 

As a general rule, information
should not be considered fully absorbed by the investing public until the second business day after the day on which the information is
released. If, for example, the Company makes an announcement at 9 am ET on Monday, a person subject to this Policy should not trade in
Company Securities until the market opens on Wednesday. If such an announcement were made at 6 pm ET on Monday, the person subject to
this Policy should not trade in Company Securities until the market opens on Thursday. Depending on the particular circumstances, the
Company may determine that a longer or shorter period should apply. 

8. TRANSACTIONS BY FAMILY MEMBERS AND OTHERS 

This Policy applies to your
family members who reside with you, anyone else who lives in your household and any family members who do not live in your household but
whose transactions in Company Securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control, such as parents or children
who consult with you before they trade in Company Securities (collectively, Family Members ). You are responsible
for the transactions of your Family Members and therefore should make them aware of the need to confer with you before they trade in Company
Securities, and you should treat all such transactions for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities laws as if the transactions
were for your own account. This Policy does not, however, apply to personal securities transactions of Family Members where the purchase
or sale decision is made by a third party not controlled by, influenced by or related to you or your Family Members. 

- 3 - 

9. TRANSACTIONS BY ENTITIES THAT YOU INFLUENCE OR CONTROL 

This Policy applies to any
entities that you influence or control, including any corporations, partnerships or trusts (collectively, Controlled Entities ),
and transactions by these Controlled Entities should be treated for the purposes of this Policy and applicable securities laws as if they
were for your own account. 

10. LIMITED EXCEPTIONS 

This Policy does not apply
in the case of the following transactions (although these transactions may nevertheless be subject to the requirements of Section 16 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), applicable to directors and executive officers): 

(a) Option
Exercises . This Policy does not apply generally to the exercise of an option, including a cashless exercise solely through the Company
or the exercise of a tax withholding right through the Company to satisfy tax withholding requirements. However, this Policy does apply
to any sale of shares received upon exercise of an option, including any deemed sale caused by an election to make a cashless exercise
through a broker, or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash necessary to pay the option exercise price. 

(b) Rule
10b5-1 Plans . Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act provides a defense from insider trading liability under Rule 10b-5. In order to be
eligible to rely on this defense, a person subject to this Policy must enter into a Rule 10b5-1 plan for transactions in Company Securities
that meets certain conditions specified in the Rule (a Rule 10b5-1 Plan ). If the plan meets the requirements of Rule
10b5-1, Company Securities may be purchased or sold without regard to certain insider trading restrictions. To comply with this Policy,
a Rule 10b5-1 Plan must be approved by the Administrator and meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-l and the Company s Guidelines
for Rule 10b5-l Plans, which are set forth in Appendix 10(b) to this Policy. In general, to ensure that a Rule 10b5-1 Plan
is entered into at a time when the person entering into the plan is not aware of material nonpublic information, it must be entered into
during an Open Trading Window. Once the plan is adopted, the person must not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to be
traded, the price at which they are to be traded or the date of the trade. The plan must either specify the amount, pricing and timing
of transactions in advance or delegate discretion on these matters to an independent third party. Any Rule 10b5-l Plan must be submitted
for approval at least five business days prior to the entry into the Rule 10b5-l Plan. No further pre-approval of transactions conducted
pursuant to the Rule 10b5-l Plan will be required. 

(c) 401(k)
Plan . This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company Securities in the Company s 401(k) plan resulting from your periodic
contribution of money to the plan pursuant to your payroll deduction election. This Policy does apply, however, to certain elections you
may make under the 401(k) plan, including: (i) an election to increase or decrease the percentage of your periodic contributions that
will be allocated to any Company share fund; (ii) an election to make an intra-plan transfer of an existing account balance into or out
of any Company share fund; (iii) an election to borrow money against your 401(k) plan account if the loan will result in a liquidation
of some or all of any Company share fund balance; and (iv) an election to pre-pay a plan loan if the pre-payment will result in allocation
of loan proceeds to any Company share fund. 

(d) Transactions
Not Involving a Purchase or Sale . Bona fide gifts are not transactions subject to this Policy, unless the person making the gift has
reason to believe that the recipient intends to sell the Company Securities while the director, officer or employee is aware of material
nonpublic information, or the person making the gift is subject to the trading restrictions specified below under Additional Procedures 
and the sales by the recipient of the Company Securities occur outside an Open Trading Window (as defined below). Further, transactions
in mutual funds that are invested in Company Securities are not transactions subject to this Policy. 

- 4 - 

11. SPECIAL AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS 

The Company has determined
that there is a heightened legal risk and/or the appearance of improper or inappropriate conduct if the persons subject to this Policy
engage in certain types of transactions. Therefore, it is the Company s policy that any persons covered by this Policy may not engage
in any of the following transactions, or should otherwise consider the Company s preferences as described below: 

(a) Short-Term
Trading . Short-term trading of Company Securities may be distracting to the person and may unduly focus the person on the Company s
short-term stock market performance instead of the Company s long-term business objectives. For these reasons, all persons subject
to this Policy who purchase Company Securities in the open market are discouraged from selling any Company Securities of the same class
during the six months following the purchase (or vice versa). Furthermore, such short-term trading by directors or executive officers
(as defined by Rule 16a-l) may result in short-swing profit liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 

(b) Short
Sales . Short sales of Company Securities (i.e., the sale of a security that the seller does not own) may evidence an expectation on
the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore have the potential to signal to the market that the seller
lacks confidence in the Company s prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce a seller s incentive to seek to improve the
Company s performance. For these reasons, short sales of Company Securities are prohibited. Furthermore, Section 16(c) of the Exchange
Act prohibits directors and executive officers (as defined by Rule 16a-l) from engaging in short sales. Short sales arising from certain
types of hedging transactions are subject to the paragraph below captioned Hedging Transactions. 

(c) Publicly-Traded
Options . Given the relatively short term of publicly-traded options, transactions in options may imply that a director, officer or
employee is trading based on material nonpublic information and focus that director s, officer s or other employee s
attention on short-term performance at the expense of the Company s long-term objectives. Accordingly, transactions in put options,
call options or other derivative securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market, are prohibited by this Policy. Option positions
arising from certain types of hedging transactions are subject to the paragraph below captioned Hedging Transactions. 

(d) Hedging
Transactions . Hedging or monetization transactions can be accomplished through a number of possible mechanisms, including through
the use of financial instruments such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds. Such hedging transactions
may permit a director, officer or employee to continue to own Company Securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership.
When that occurs, the director, officer or employee may no longer have the same objectives as the Company s other shareholders.
Therefore, directors, officers and employees are prohibited from engaging in any such transactions. 

(e) Margin
Accounts and Pledged Securities . Securities held in a margin account as collateral for a margin loan may be sold by the broker without
the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral
for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. Because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time
when the pledgor is aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise is not permitted to trade in Company Securities, directors, officers
and other employees are prohibited from holding Company Securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Company Securities as collateral
for a loan unless the arrangement is specifically approved in advance by the Administrator. Pledges of Company Securities arising from
certain types of hedging transactions are subject to the paragraph above captioned Hedging Transactions. 

(f) Standing
and Limit Orders . Standing and limit orders (except standing and limit orders under approved Rule 10b5-1 Plans, as described above)
create heightened risks for insider trading violations similar to the use of margin accounts. There is no control over the timing of purchases
or sales that result from standing instructions to a broker, and as a result the broker could execute a transaction when a director, officer
or other employee is in possession of material nonpublic information. The Company therefore discourages placing standing or limit orders
on Company Securities. If a person subject to this Policy determines that they must use a standing order or limit order, the order should
be limited to short duration and should otherwise comply with the restrictions and procedures outlined below under the heading Additional
Procedures. 

- 5 - 

12. ADDITIONAL PROCEDURES 

The Company has established
additional procedures in order to assist the Company in the administration of this Policy, to facilitate compliance with laws prohibiting
insider trading while in possession of material nonpublic information, and to avoid the appearance of any impropriety. These additional
procedures are applicable only to those individuals described below. 

(a) Pre-Clearance
Procedures . All directors, officers and key employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, as well as the Family Members and Controlled
Entities of such persons Restricted Persons ), may not engage in any transaction in Company Securities
without first obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from the Administrator. A key employee is an individual
that has been designated as such by the Administrator due to their position in the Company and possible access to material nonpublic information.
Key employees generally include senior employees in human resources, accounting and finance functions, but may include other employees
as designated by the Administrator. The list of Restricted Persons is updated periodically by the Administrator. You will be notified
by the Administrator if you are considered a Restricted Person for purposes of this Policy. Restricted Persons should submit a request
for pre-clearance to the Administrator at least two business days in advance of the proposed transaction. The Administrator is
under no obligation to approve a transaction submitted for pre-clearance and may determine not to permit the transaction. If a Restricted
Person seeks pre-clearance and permission to engage in the transaction is denied, then he or she should refrain from initiating any transaction
in Company Securities and should not inform any other person of the restriction. 

When a request for pre-clearance
is made, the requestor should carefully consider whether he or she may be aware of any material nonpublic information about the Company
and should describe fully those circumstances to the Administrator. The requestor should also indicate whether he or she has effected
any non-exempt opposite-way transactions (e.g., an open market sale would be opposite any open market purchase,
and vice versa) within the past six months, and should be prepared to report the proposed transaction on an appropriate Form 4 or Form
5. The requestor should also be prepared to comply with SEC Rule 144 and file Form 144, if necessary, at the time of any sale. 

A request for pre-clearance
must be made in writing, preferably by submission of a completed Request for Pre-Clearance in the form of Exhibit A to this Policy.
Pre-cleared transactions should be effected promptly. Requestors are required to refresh the request for pre-clearance if a pre-cleared
transaction is not effected within five business days after pre-clearance is received. 

Furthermore, requestors
must immediately notify the Administrator following the execution of any transaction. 

(b) Quarterly
Trading Restrictions . Restricted Persons may not conduct any transactions involving the Company s Securities (other than as
specified by this Policy) except during an Open Trading Window. An Open Trading Window generally begins on the second
business day following the day of public release of the Company s quarterly (or annual) earnings and ends 15 calendar days prior
to the end of the then current quarter. The Administrator will notify Restricted Persons of the opening and closing of the trading window. 

(c) Event-Specific
Trading Restriction Periods . From time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few directors,
officers and/or employees. So long as the event remains material and nonpublic, the persons designated by the Administrator may not trade
Company Securities. In addition, material developments impacting the Company may occur in a particular fiscal quarter that, in the judgment
of the Administrator, make it advisable that designated persons should refrain from trading in Company Securities even during the ordinary
Open Trading Window described above. In that situation, the Administrator may notify these persons that they should not trade in the Company s
Securities, without disclosing the reason for the restriction. The existence of an event-specific trading restriction period or the closing
of the Open Trading Window will be announced by the Administrator to persons designated by the Administrator. Even if the Administrator
has not designated you a person who should not trade due to an event-specific restriction, you may not trade while aware of material nonpublic
information. Exceptions will not be granted during an event-specific trading restriction period. 

(d) Exceptions . 

(i) The
quarterly trading restrictions and event-driven trading restrictions do not apply to those transactions to which this Policy does not
apply, as described above under the heading Limited Exceptions, nor do they apply to an election to participate in an employer
plan during an open enrollment period. 

(ii) The
Administrator in his or her discretion may approve other or further exceptions to these requirements on a case-by-case basis in extraordinary
circumstances. Any request for an exception pursuant to this paragraph must be submitted in advance and in writing, and any approval must
be in writing. 

- 6 - 

13. POST-TERMINATION TRANSACTIONS 

This Policy continues to apply
to transactions in Company Securities even after termination of service to the Company. If an individual is in possession of material
nonpublic information when his or her service terminates, that individual may not trade in Company Securities until that information has
become public or is no longer material. The pre-clearance procedures specified under the heading Additional Procedures above
and applicable to Restricted Persons will continue to apply for a period of six months after a termination of service, in order to facilitate
compliance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

14. CONSEQUENCES OF VIOLATIONS 

The purchase or sale of securities
while aware of material nonpublic information, or the disclosure of material nonpublic information to others who then trade in the Company s
Securities, is prohibited by federal and state laws. Insider trading violations are pursued vigorously by the SEC, the U.S. Department
of Justice and state enforcement authorities. Punishment for insider trading violations is severe and could include significant fines
and imprisonment. While the regulatory authorities concentrate their efforts on the individuals who trade, or who tip inside information
to others who trade, the federal securities laws also impose potential liability on companies and other controlling persons 
if they fail to take reasonable steps to prevent insider trading by company personnel. 

In addition, an individual s
failure to comply with this Policy may subject the individual to Company-imposed sanctions, up to and including termination of employment,
whether or not the employee s failure to comply results in a violation of law. Needless to say, a violation of law, or even an SEC
investigation that does not result in prosecution, can tarnish a person s reputation and irreparably damage a career. 

15. REPORTING OF VIOLATIONS 

Any person who violates this
Policy or any federal or state law governing insider trading or tipping, or who knows of or reasonably suspects any such violation by
another person, should report the matter immediately to his or her supervisor and/or to the Administrator identified in Section 5. Employees
are obligated to report suspected and actual violations of Company policy or the law. Doing so brings the concern into the open so that
it can be resolved quickly and more serious harm can be prevented. Failure to do so could result in disciplinary action up to and including
termination of employment. 

If you encounter a situation
or are considering a course of action and its appropriateness is unclear, do not hesitate to reach out the Administrator with any questions;
even the appearance of impropriety can be very damaging and should be avoided, and the Administrator may be in the best position to provide
helpful information or other resources. 

16. CERTIFICATION 

All persons subject to this
Policy may be required to certify and re-certify, from time to time, their understanding of, and intent to comply with, this Policy. 

17. AMENDMENT 

This Policy may be amended
by the Board of Directors or any committee or designee to which the Board of Directors delegates this authority. 

The Administrator has the
authority to make determinations under, and interpretations of, this Policy, as specified in this Policy under the heading Administration
of the Policy. In addition, the Administrator is authorized to approve amendments to this Policy that: (i) correct obvious errors
(e.g., typographical or grammatical errors); (ii) are necessitated by changes in legal requirements; (iii) are necessary to clarify the
meaning of this Policy; or (iv) are administrative in nature, such as the provisions of this Policy under the heading Additional
Procedures. 

- 7 - 

Appendix 10(b) 

Guidelines for Rule 10b5-1 Plans 

Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange
Act provides a defense from insider trading liability under Rule 10b-5. In order to be eligible to rely on this defense, a person subject
to our Insider Trading Policy must enter into a Rule 10b5-l Plan for transactions in Company Securities (as defined in the Insider Trading
Policy) that meets certain conditions specified in the Rule. If the plan meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-l, Company Securities may
be purchased or sold without regard to certain insider trading restrictions. In general, a Rule 10b5-l Plan must be entered into at a
time when the person entering into the plan is not aware of material nonpublic information. Once the plan is adopted, the person must
not exercise any influence over the amount of securities to be traded, the price at which they are to be traded or the date of the trade.
The plan must either specify the amount, pricing and timing of transactions in advance or delegate discretion on these matters to an independent
third party. 

As specified in the Company s
Insider Trading Policy, a Rule 10b5-l Plan must be approved by the Administrator and meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-l and these guidelines.
Any Rule 10b5-l Plan must be submitted for approval at least five business days prior to the entry into the Rule 10b5-l Plan. Once a 10b5-1
Plan is approved, no further pre-approval of transactions conducted pursuant to the plan will be required. 

The following guidelines apply
to all Rule 10b5-l Plans: 

You may not enter into, modify or terminate a trading program outside of an Open Trading Window or while in possession of material
nonpublic information. 

All Rule 10b5-l Plans must have a duration of at least six months and no more than two years. 

If a Rule 10b5-l Plan is terminated, you must wait at least 30 days before trading outside of the Rule 10b5-l Plan. 

If a trading program is terminated, you must wait until the commencement of the next Open Trading Window before a new Rule 10b5-l
Plan may be adopted. 

You may not commence sales under a trading program until at least 30 days following the date of establishment of a trading program.
Any modification of a trading program must not take effect for at least 30 days from the date of modification. 

You may not enter into any transaction in Company Securities while the Rule 10b5- l Plan is in effect. 

The approval or adoption of
a Rule 10b5-l Plan in no way reduces or eliminates a person s obligations under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, including disclosure
obligations and liability for short-swing profits. Persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act should consult with their own counsel
in implementing a Rule 10b5-l Plan. 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the
meanings ascribed to them in the 1847 Holdings LLC Insider Trading Policy. 

Exhibit A 

Request for Pre-Clearance 

For pre-clearance to transact in Company Securities. 

Upon executing a transaction, Restricted Persons must immediately
notify the Company. 

Transaction Vehicle (check one) 
 Transaction Initiated By (check one) 

Open Market Transaction 
 Employee or immediate family member directly 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan 
 Court or government decree (e.g., divorce decree) 
 
 Other (specify): 
 Broker (provide name, firm, telephone and e-mail): 

Type of Transaction (check one) 

Purchase or acquire common shares 
 
 Sell or dispose of common shares 
 
 Move Company Securities from one account to another (e.g., in or out of a trust) 
 
 Dispose of fractional shares 
 
 Pledge Company Securities for margin account, or otherwise 
 
 Exercise options without subsequent sale 
 
 Exercise options with subsequent sale (e.g., a cashless exercise 
 
 Other (describe): 

Transaction Detail (provide the following information) 

Number of securities: 

Estimated share price: 

Contemplated execution date: 

Date of your last opposite way transaction : 

Certification 

I certify that I have fully disclosed the information
requested in this form, I have read the 1847 Holdings LLC Insider Trading Policy, I am not in possession of material nonpublic information,
and to the best of my knowledge and belief the proposed transaction will not violate the 1847 Holdings LLC Insider Trading Policy. 

(Sign Above) 

(Print Name Above) 

(Date) 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the
meanings ascribed to them in the 1847 Holdings LLC Insider Trading Policy. 

If
a Section 16 insider buys and sells (or sells and buys) Company Securities within a six-month time frame and such transactions are not
exempt under SEC rules, the two transactions can be matched for purposes of Section 16. The insider may be sued and will
be strictly liable for any profits made, regardless of whether the insider was in possession of material nonpublic information . 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex21-1_1847holdings.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of 
 Organization 
 
 Percentage of 
 Ownership 

1847 Asien Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

95 

Asien s Appliance, Inc. 
 
 California 

100 

1847 Cabinet Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

92.5 

Kyle s Custom Wood Shop, Inc. 
 
 Idaho 

100 

Sierra Homes, LLC 
 
 Nevada 

92.5 

High Mountain Door Trim Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

92.5 

1847 Wolo Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

92.5 

Wolo Mfg. Corp. 
 
 New York 

100 

Wolo Industrial Horn Signal, Inc. 
 
 New York 

100 

1847 ICU Holdings Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

100 

ICU Eyewear Holdings, Inc. 
 
 California 

100 

ICU Eyewear, Inc. 
 
 California 

100 

1847 HQ Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-1_1847holdings.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ellery W. Roberts, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of 1847 Holdings LLC; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 11, 2023 

/s/ Ellery W. Roberts 

Ellery W. Roberts 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex31-2_1847holdings.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Vernice L. Howard, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of 1847 Holdings LLC; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: April 11, 2023 

/s/ Vernice L. Howard 

Vernice L. Howard 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-1_1847holdings.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Chief Executive
Officer of 1847 HOLDINGS LLC (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement on April 11, 2023. 

/s/ Ellery W. Roberts 

Ellery W. Roberts 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to 1847 Holdings LLC and will be retained by 1847 Holdings LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 f10k2022ex32-2_1847holdings.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned Chief Financial
Officer of 1847 HOLDINGS LLC (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned
has executed this statement on April 11, 2023. 

/s/ Vernice L. Howard 

Vernice L. Howard 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to 1847 Holdings LLC and will be retained by 1847 Holdings LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether
made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 efsh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 efsh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 efsh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 efsh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 efsh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

