<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1615780_0001683168-23-002411.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3902189</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142270</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>819947</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>875645</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>946088</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1034615</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-002411.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230414182339
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-002411
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230414

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Teardroppers, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001615780
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				462407247
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-197889
		FILM NUMBER:		23822358

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 75TH STREET WEST, STE. SWS
		CITY:			ROSAMOND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93650
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-751-2173

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3500 75TH STREET WEST, STE. SWS
		CITY:			ROSAMOND
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93650

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-002411.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 teardroppers_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from
__________ to __________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified
in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification
 No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: Phone: - 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each Class 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of
the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately based on of the last price at which the Company
sold its shares 0.25 per share of common stock) as of June 30, 2022. On July 6, 2022 (the Effective Time as a result
of a reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split ), each 250 shares of the Company s then issued and outstanding
common stock was automatically combined into and became one share of Company s common stock. Fractional shares resulting from the reverse
stock split were settled by cash payments. As of July 6, 2022, the total amount of common shares outstanding of the Company was 183,680. 

On December 31, 2022, we had 183,680 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. On January 6, 2023, 250,000 shares were issued as part of a debt conversion agreement. As of
April 6, 2023, there are shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 FOR YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2022 

Page 

PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 6 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 10 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 10 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 10 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 10 

PART II 
 
 11 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 11 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 12 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF PLAN OF OPERATION 
 12 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 19 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 19 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 19 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 20 

PART III 
 
 21 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 21 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 22 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 23 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 25 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 26 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS 
 27 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 27 

SIGNATURES 
 
 28 

i 

CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
INFORMATION 

This report contains forward-looking
statements. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions concerning
future events or future performance of the Company. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. Forward-looking statements usually contain the words estimate, 
 anticipate, believe, expect, or similar expressions, and are subject to numerous known and
unknown risks and uncertainties. In evaluating such statements, prospective investors should carefully review various risks and uncertainties
identified in this Report, including the matters set forth under the captions Risk Factors and in the Company s other
SEC filings. These risks and uncertainties could cause the Company s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in
the forward-looking statements. 

Although forward-looking statements
in this annual report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and
factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual
results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences in results and outcomes include, without limitation, those specifically addressed
under the heading Risks Relating to Our Business below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this annual report on Form
10-K. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual
report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). You can read and copy any materials
we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room, 100 F. Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549 on official business days during
the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the
SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements,
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including the Company. 

We undertake no obligation to
revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this annual
report on Form 10-K. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout the entirety of this
annual report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 

The Company 

The Teardroppers, Inc. is a Nevada
corporation which was formed in June of 2013. We commenced operations in February of 2014. It is controlled by Kevin P. O Connell.
Mr. O Connell owns a majority interest in FinTekk AP, LLC. FinTekk AP, LLC, which owns approximately seventy percent (70 of our outstanding shares of common stock. On February 26, 2019, DEVCAP Partners, LLC, which is also controlled by Kevin O Connell,
had transferred all of the Company shares owned by DEVCAP Partners, LLC to FinTekk AP, LLC. We have incurred losses of 3,381,481 from
inception through December 31, 2022. Our auditor's report has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In February of 2014, the Company established a
 450,000 unsecured line of credit with DEVCAP. The Company s liability to DEVCAP has been assigned to FinTekk. The terms of the
Line of Credit provide for interest at 10 per annum on all outstanding balances; quarterly interest payments on outstanding balances
are due at the end of each quarter respectively. The availability of funds for draw down from this line of credit is subject to the approval
of Mr. O Connell. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding 35,129 on the Line of Credit. 

Management estimates that the
cost of operating our business for the next 12 months will require additional capital of 375,000 or approximately 31,250 per month,
consisting of: 10,000 for officers salaries, 5,000 for executive marketing assistants, 1,500 for additional office space, 1,500
for telecom and communications, 10,584 for marketing efforts, 3,000 for legal and accounting costs. 

In the event that demand for
our advertising services increases beyond our ability to pay for additional trailers, of which there can be no assurance, we may seek
to have independent or related parties purchase trailers. Such parties may then either lease the trailers to us, or, for a fee, have
us act as their agent in maintaining their trailers and obtaining advertising clients for their trailers. In addition to our advertising
business, we have acquired trailer and truck assets. These assets have been leased to our customers directly. 

There can be no assurance that
we will be able to raise any or all of the capital required. These factors indicate that we may be unable to continue as a going concern,
particularly in the event that we cannot generate sufficient cash flow or raise sufficient capital to conduct our operations. Our financial
statements do not include any adjustments to the value of our assets or the classification of our liabilities that might result if we
would be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Meeting our capital requirement
will be directly contingent on Mr. O Connell and his decision to have FinTekk advance us capital in the event that we are not able
to raise capital from other sources. 

The Company and its affiliates
and promoters have no plans or intentions to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified company or person or, once it is
a reporting company, to be used as a vehicle for a private company to become a reporting company. 

The Trailer Leasing business 

On October 1, 2017, the Company
acquired from Gemini Southern, LLC a 2006 Ultra-Comp 53 NASCAR type vehicle transport hauler (the Hauler to be
used for promotional / advertising services. The purchase price of the Hauler was 165,000. The Company paid for the Hauler with a promissory
note (the Hauler Note ). The Hauler Note bears interest at 12 per annum and is payable as follows: (i) interest only from
October 1, 2017 through February 28, 2018; (ii) 3,670 per month from March 1, 2018 through February 28, 2022; and 45,000 on February
1, 2022. The trailer is collateral for the promissory note. On April 2, 2021, the 2006 Ultra Comp trailer was sold back to Rick Ware
Racing, LLC for 75,095. 

1 

In 2018, we leased the trailer
for a term of four years to Rick Ware Racing, LLC, subsequent to the execution of the lease, we engaged Cody Ware as our Chief Executive
Officer. Cody Ware is also employee of Rick Ware Racing, LLC. The terms of the lease are the fair market value of leases for such equipment.
We have not as yet determined that we will enter into the equipment leasing business as a continuing part of our business. 

On November 18, 2019, the Company
acquired from Rick Ware Racing a 2007 Featherlite spread axle trailer and a 2008 Freightliner truck both used primarily in NASCAR related
operations. The truck and the hauler can be used for promotional / advertising services. The purchase price of the Truck Hauler
was 190,000. In February 1, 2020 we acquired and leased back the truck trailer for a term of four (4) years back to Rick Ware
Racing, LLC for 5,003 per month. The lessee is a related party to our CEO and the lease was executed at fair market terms. 

The Company paid for the Truck
 Hauler with a promissory note from a related party (the Hauler Note ). The Truck Hauler Note bears interest
at 12 per annum and with a term of 48 months and is payable on the 28 th of each month for 5,003. 

On February 4, 2021, the Company acquired a 1983
Toyota Hilux pick-up truck to be used in the business for light duty towing and advertising and promotion. The truck was acquired through
a loan from the FinTekk AP, LLC line of credit. The purchase price was 36,114. 

The Mobile Billboard
Advertising Service 

We also offer to provide advertising
space on custom designed and manufactured Teardrop Trailers and standard cargo trailers purchased from independent trailer
manufacturers of various sizes. Teardrop Trailers are usually designed for short-period accommodations for vacationers and travelers.
A Teardrop Trailer, also known as a Teardrop Camper Trailer , is a streamlined, compact, lightweight travel trailer, which
gets its name from its teardrop profile. Should we determine to order additional Teardrop Trailers, we intend to order them from independent
 Kit suppliers. Kits are available from several suppliers and are made up of all of the pre-cut, ready to assemble, components
of a Teardrop Trailer, except for the chassis. Our initial order of a Teardrop Trailer was delivered to us on February 15, 2015. The
Teardrop Trailer we received was assembled on a trailer chassis that we had obtained from an independent trailer chassis manufacturer.
Our Teardrop Trailer has an outer skin of uncoated aluminum and is 6 feet in width, 10 feet in length and 5 feet in height. Wheels and
tires are outside the body and are covered by fenders. Our Teardrop Trailer weighs less than 1000 pounds, so most vehicles, can tow one
and have little effect on the vehicle's fuel consumption. We have previously paid 5,000 for the manufacture and assembly of our Teardrop
Trailer. 

We estimate that it will take
approximately 30 days from the date we place an order to the delivery of the trailer to us. When we determine to order additional Teardrop
Trailers, we will do so by engaging independent Computer Numerical Control CNC contractors. Teardrop Trailer we ordered
will be assembled on trailer chassis that we have obtained from an independent trailer chassis manufacturer. 

As an alternative, we may acquire
additional constructed or used trailers to include in our inventory. 

We offer advertising space on
our trailers. Advertising will be applied by applying decals, large adhesive backed vinyl sheets as decals or by fastening one large
sheet of adhesive backed vinyl (to the sides and, in some cases, the top of the trailer. In addition, we will offer to provide our tow
vehicle and a driver. 

The lettering graphics are widely
available from several sources including independent design shops and decal manufacturers. 

The vinyl film is manufactured
by several suppliers, including 3M, Avery Dennison, and Oracle. It will be designed by independent designers hired by us and will be
installed on our trailers by independent printers and dealers of adhesive backed vinyl film. It is the costliest advertising option we
will offer. 

2 

Our rates will be negotiated at time of contract.
We intend to charge an advertising client for a turnkey design and application of decals to our trailers at prices starting
at 1200 with additional charges for more complex designs and for full wrapping services. We also intend to charge our clients a rental
price of 295 per day, with an additional 175 per six-hour day if the client wishes us to supply a tow vehicle and driver. Our rates
will be based upon the range of services, length of the advertising contract, vehicles needed, miles traveled, length of campaign, ancillary
costs and other variables. There is a minimum rental of 3 days required. The client will be required to pay for liability and property
damage insurance. 

After the rental, we remove the
trailer's advertising decals and prepare the trailer for its next client's advertising application and rental. 

We believe that the mobile outdoor
advertising that we will offer to advertisers is suitable for: 

Event Marketing 

New Product Launches 

Retail Store Openings 

Grand Openings 

Tradeshow Advertising 

Political Advertising and Campaigning 

Publicity 

Concerts 

Sporting Events 

Conventions 

Trade Shows 

Outdoor Festivals 

Beach Cities and Events 

Grand Openings 

Holiday Events 

Motion Picture Premiers 

We believe that mobile outdoor
advertising offers certain advantages to advertisers, among which include: 

Mobile trailers are flexible providing
 one with a wide variety of space and cost options, which can be used for anything from short sales promotions to being part of a
 long-term brand awareness campaign. 

Instead of hoping people see an
 advertisement, the advertisements are brought to them. 

They are more cost effective than
 other forms of advertising. 

We can park the trailer in front of a business or a
 competitors. 

We can thoroughly saturate a specific area unlike regular
 billboards, radio, TV or direct mail. 

We can provide specific demographic routes so that
 there are multiple exposures. 

Mobile billboards create impact
 because of their movement, size and prominence on the road and can go where other advertising can t. They merely have to be
 visible to attract attention. 

We can provide advertisements in
 the middle of all the activity at a special event like a tournament, fair, tradeshow, sporting event et. al. 

As they are eye-level with consumers, the message is
 communicated directly, increasing the impact of the product. 

3 

We will also offer to work closely with our clients
to fully understand the client's marketing objectives. We will use our best efforts to identify the highest profile locations in our
client's target market in order to provide the most efficient, high exposure, high impact and cost-effective mobile advertising campaign. 

At every stage of the process,
our services will include design, branding and selection of graphics, to achieve maximum impact. Audio, illumination, promotional
sampling and other sensory elements can be added to further enhance an advertising message. 

Marketing 

We intend to market our advertising,
design and consulting services through our website www.tdropmobile.com. Once appropriate funding becomes available, we intend to upgrade
our website, introduce ecommerce technologies and advertise on high traffic web properties. We also market our consulting services through
personal contacts of our officers and majority shareholder. 

There are currently many manufacturers
of Teardrop Trailers and Cargo Trailers that offer their products to the marketplace. 

Regulation of Mobile
Billboards 

Several States, including California,
have laws that enable cities and local municipalities to prohibit or limit the use of mobile billboards within their geographical borders.
Cities in California, including Los Angeles and several surrounding cities have enacted Ordinances which substantially limit the use
of mobile billboards. In addition, several other large municipalities in other States have enacted similar legislation. There have been
several legal challenges to the legislation based upon freedom of commercial speech. However, the Laws have been upheld to date by the
United States 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, based upon a governing body's right to restrict a mode of advertising that may obstruct traffic
and parking, may endanger pedestrians, and may constitute blight. 

The Los Angeles Ordinance does
provide for certain exemptions to the Ordinance, such as allowing businesses to permanently affix advertising signs to a vehicle by among
other exemptions, painting on the vehicle or applying advertising decals. 

While the California Law and
the resulting local Ordinances will effectively limit the geographical area in which our potential clients may use our services, we believe
that there are sufficient areas of our intended geographical market area that do not have Ordinances prohibiting mobile billboard advertising.
Further, certain of our potential clients may use of our trailers without violating such Ordinances, such as using them at marketing
events, i.e. at motorsports racing venues, sporting events, and Grand Opening events. 

However, there can be no assurance
that we will be successful in obtaining clients in our intended initial geographical marketing area, Southern California, or that there
will not be further legal limitations established on the use of mobile billboard advertising. 

4 

Financing the Business 

In February of 2014, the Company established a
 450,000 unsecured line of credit with DEVCAP Partners, LLC which was assigned to FinTekk AP, LLC. The terms of the Line of Credit provide
for interest at 10 per annum on all outstanding balances; quarterly interest payments on outstanding balances are due at the end of each
quarter respectively. The availability of funds for draw down from this line of credit -related party is subject to the approval of Mr.
O Connell. As of December 31, 2022, the balance owed on the Line of Credit was 35,129. 

On February 24, 2014, the Company
entered into a line of credit with General Pacific Partners, LLC, a California limited liability company, for an amount up to 450,000.
The line of credit is a demand loan bearing interest of 10 per annum. General Pacific Partners, LLC is owned by Kevin O Connell,
the owner and managing member of DEVCAP Partners, LLC, the majority shareholder of the Company. As of January 1, 2020, the line of credit
was assumed by FinTekk AP, LLC, a sole member Texas limited liability company owned by Kevin O Connell. The balance of the line
of credit was 0 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company had unpaid accrued interest of 4,732 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Line of Credit with Gemini
Southern, LLC 

On December 12, 2014, the Company
entered into a line of credit agreement with Gemini Southern, LLC. The Line of Credit Agreement provided that no interest would be owed
on the balance of 375,000 through December 31, 2014 and that interest will accrue at 10 per annum commencing January 1, 2015 until
the maturity date of December 31, 2020. The line of credit was extended until December 31, 2023 and the credit line was increased to
 950,000. The loan balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 206,904 and 876,931, respectively. On April 1 st , 2018 Gemini
Southern converted 525,000, the total amount owed to Gemini Southern as of that date, into 4,375,000 shares of our common stock at 0.12
per share. 

Intellectual Property 

Our Teardrop Trailer was manufactured
from plans provided by an independent Partnership. We have no further relationship with the Partnership. We do not believe that there
was anything proprietary in the plans. Should we seek to manufacture and assemble Teardrop trailers from other independent parties, we
believe that there are many independent CNC machine shops that have the ability to manufacture and assemble Teardrop Trailers. We do
not believe we have any intellectual property. 

Competition 

We are a small independent start-up
mobile billboard advertising company that commenced mobile billboard operations in February of 2014. We face competition from other mobile
billboard advertising companies specifically, and generally from all other advertising and media companies. Most, if not all, of our
competitors are much larger, well established and better financed companies. In addition, there is no barrier to entry for other advertising
companies should they decide to offer advertising on their own trailers or vehicles. We do not consider us to be a factor in our industry
and there is no assurance that we will be successful in selling advertising services, or even if successful in obtaining paying advertisers,
that we will be profitable. In addition, we also face competition in our trailer leasing business from both small and large leasing companies. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no full-time
employees. Our only current employees consist of executive management personnel, all of whom devote 20 or less of their time to our business
affairs. We intend to hire full time employees when and if we have the financial resources to do so. Until such time as we are in a position
to hire full time employees, we will hire independent contractors to perform work for us on an as needed basis. None of our employees
are represented by a labor union or a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relations with our Management employees to be good. 

5 

Real Property 

We do not own any real property.
We do not own any intellectual property. We occupy office facilities at 620 Newport Center Dr. Ste. 1100 Newport Beach, Ca. 92660 for
which we pay no rent per month to FinTekk AP, LLC our majority shareholder. It is a month-to-month oral agreement. 

ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 

RISK FACTORS 

An investment in these securities
involves a high degree of risk and is speculative in nature. In addition to the other information regarding the Company contained in
this Prospectus, you should consider many important factors in determining whether to purchase Shares. Following are what we believe
are material risks related to the Company and an investment in the Company. Investors are urged to perform their own due diligence, with
the help of their investment, accounting, legal and/or other professionals and to make an independent decision regarding an investment
in the Shares. 

Risks Associated with our
Business 

Our independent auditors have
issued an audit opinion for us which includes a statement describing our going concern status. Our financial status creates a doubt whether
we will continue as a going concern. 

As described in Note 3 of our
accompanying financial statements, our auditors have issued a going concern opinion regarding the Company. This means there is substantial
doubt we can continue as an ongoing business for the next twelve months. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the uncertainty regarding our ability to continue in business. As such, we may have to cease operations and investors
could lose part or all of their investment in the Company. 

We lack an operating history
and have losses which we expect to continue into the future. There is no assurance our future operations will result in profitable revenues.
If we cannot generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably, we may suspend or cease operations. 

We were incorporated in June
of 2013 and commenced operations in February of 2014. We have not fully developed our proposed business operations and have realized
only 186,775 in revenue since our inception. We have little operating history upon which
an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. Our net loss since inception through December 31, 2022 was 3,381,481. Our
ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon: 

Our ability to develop
 a business plan that is attractive to advertising clients. 

Our ability to successfully
 implement our business plan 

The acceptance in the marketplace
 of our trailers as a viable advertising medium 

Based upon current plans, we expect to incur operating
losses in future periods because we will be incurring expenses and not generating sufficient revenues to cover expenses. We cannot guarantee
that we will be successful in continuing to generate revenues in the future. In the event the Company is unable to generate sufficient
revenues to cover expenses, it may be required to seek additional funding. Such funding may not be available or may not be available
on terms which are beneficial and/or acceptable to the Company. In the event the Company cannot generate revenues and/or secure additional
financing; the Company may be forced to cease operations and investors will likely lose some or all of their investment in the Company. 

6 

Most of our competitors have
significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. 

There exist in our industry many
competitors that have significantly greater financial and marketing resources than do we. There are no assurances that our efforts to
compete in the marketplace will be successful. There can be no assurance that we will be able to become profitable. 

There are legal restrictions
on the use of mobile billboards in our intended marketing geographic area. 

Several States, including California,
have laws that enable cities and local municipalities to prohibit or limit the use of mobile billboards within their geographical borders.
Cities in California, including Los Angeles and several surrounding cities have enacted Ordinances which substantially limit the use
of mobile billboards. In addition, several other large municipalities in other States have enacted similar legislation. There have been
several legal challenges to the legislation based upon freedom of commercial speech. However, the Laws have been upheld to date by the
United States 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, based upon a governing body's right to restrict a mode of advertising that may obstruct traffic
and parking, may endanger pedestrians, and may constitute blight. These Laws and Ordinances will have the effect of limiting our ability
to successfully market our services to potential clients and our business will therefore be adversely affected. 

There can be no assurance that
we will be successful in obtaining clients in our intended initial geographical marketing area, Southern California, or that there will
not be further legal limitations established on the use of mobile billboard advertising. 

Our existing principal stockholders
exercise control of our Company. 

FinTekk AP, LLC is the beneficial owner of approximately
87 of our issued and outstanding common stock. Kevin P. O Connell is the majority owner and Managing Member of FinTekk AP, LLC. 

DEVCAP has established a line
of credit of 450,000 (the Line of Credit ). The receipt of funds from this Line of Credit is subject to the approval of
DEVCAP. This line of credit has been assigned to FinTekk AP, LLC. Mr. O Connell is the majority owner and the managing member of
FinTekk AP, LLC. As of December 31, 2022, we had a balance of 35,129 on the Line of Credit. The terms of the Line of Credit contain
annualized interest of 10 , quarterly interest payments paid by the Company on outstanding balances and allows a maximum quarterly draw
down on the line of 75,000 per quarter. 

Kevin P. O'Connell, the Managing Member of FinTekk,
may have a conflict of interest should we determine to draw upon the Line of Credit. Kevin P. O'Connell will have to determine, whether
it is in the best interest of FinTekk AP, LLC to approve or decline the loan or as our control shareholder, if it is in our
best interest to approve the loan. 

We do not have any additional
source of funding for our business plans and may be unable to find any such funding if and when needed, resulting in the failure of our
business. 

Other than the Lines of Credit,
no other source of capital has been identified or sought. If we are not able to draw funds from our Lines of Credit, or we do not find
an alternative source of capital, the terms and conditions of acquiring such capital may result in dilution and the resultant lessening
of value of the shares of stockholders. 

If we are not successful in raising
sufficient capital, we will be faced with several options: 

1. abandon our business
plans, cease operations and go out of business; 

 2. continue to seek alternative
and acceptable sources of capital; or 

 3. bring in additional capital
that may result in a change of control. 

In the event any of the above
circumstances occur, investors in our shares could lose a substantial part or all of their investment. 

7 

We possess minimal capital,
which may severely restrict our ability to develop our services. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business will fail. 

We possess minimal capital and
must limit the amount of marketing we can perform with respect to our services. We feel we require a minimum of 375,000 to provide sufficient
capital to commence with operations and development of the business plan. Our business plan contemplates the development of a website
and associated software to allow clients to track objects of interest in real time. Our limited marketing activities may not attract
enough clients to generate sufficient revenue to operate profitably, expand our services, implement our business plan or continue operating
our business. Our limited marketing capabilities may have a negative effect on our business and may cause us to limit or cease our business
operations which could result in investors losing some or all of their investment in the Company. 

Because our CEO Kevin O Connell
has other outside business activities and will have limited time to spend on our business, our operations may be sporadic, which may
result in periodic interruptions or suspensions of operations . 

Because our officers and director
have other outside business activities and will only be devoting approximately 20 of their time to our operations, our operations may
be sporadic and occur at times which are inconvenient to Mr. O Connell. Mr. O Connell will devote up to 20 of his time
per week to the business of the Company. In the event they are unable to fulfill any aspect of their duties to the Company, we may experience
a shortfall or complete lack of sales resulting in little or no profits and eventual closure of the business. 

We are dependent upon our
current officers. 

We currently are managed by two
officers and we are entirely dependent upon them in order to conduct our operations. If they should resign or die, there will be no one
to operate the Company. If our current officers are no longer able to serve as such and we are unable to find other persons to replace
them, it will have a negative effect on our ability to continue active business operations and could result in investors losing some
or all of their investment in the Company. 

We depend upon independent
contractors to manufacture our Teardrop Trailers. 

We do not own or operate a manufacturing
or assembly facility to build Teardrop Trailers. We are dependent upon independent Computer Numerical Control CNC contractors to manufacture and assemble Teardrop Trailers. While we believe that there are numerous CNC contractors that are capable
of manufacturing our Teardrop Trailers to our specifications, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain Teardrop Trailers
at the time and the price we may require. To the extent that we are unable to have Teardrop Trailers delivered to us at the time and
price that we specify, our business will be adversely affected. 

Having one director limits our ability to establish
effective independent corporate governance procedures and increases the control of our president over operations and business decisions. 

We have only one director currently, one who is
our Chief Executive Officer. Accordingly, we cannot establish board committees comprised of independent members to oversee functions like
compensation or audit issues. In addition, a tie vote of board members is decided in favor of the chairman, which gives him significant
control over all corporate issues, including all major decisions on operations and corporate matters such as approving business combinations. 

Until we have a larger board
of directors that would include some independent members, if ever, there will be limited oversight of our president s decisions
and activities and little ability for minority shareholders to challenge or reverse those activities and decisions, even if they are
not in the best interests of minority shareholders. 

8 

The limited public company
experience of our management team could adversely impact our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of U.S. Securities Laws. 

Our management has limited public
company experience, which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. Our management has never been responsible for managing a publicly traded company. Such responsibilities include complying
with federal securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis. Our management may not be able to implement programs
and policies in an effective and timely manner that adequately responds to such increased legal, regulatory compliance and reporting
requirements including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financials reporting. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or
lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act which is necessary to maintain our public company status. If we were
to fail to fulfill those obligations, our ability to continue as a U.S. public company would be in jeopardy in which event you could
lose your entire investment. 

Risks Associated with Ownership
of our Shares 

There is no active trading
market for our common stock and if a market for our common stock does not develop, our investors will be unable to sell their shares. 

From October 2015 through December
of 2017 our common shares were listed on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board in the United States under the symbol TRDP ,
In December of 2017, we were notified by FINRA that due to lack of trading, our common shares would no longer be listed for trading on
the OTCQB. Accordingly, there are currently no recent bid or ask quotes for our common shares available because no market makers share
data or quote our common shares and there is no quoting system available to record and settle trades. Our common shares may now be traded
on the Grey Market or on the Grey Sheets , where trading is moderated by a broker and done between consenting
individuals at a price they agree on. The only documentation that can be publicly found regarding the trades is when the last trade took
place. The failure to develop or maintain a liquid trading market negatively affects our common share's value and makes it difficult
or impossible for you to sell your shares. Even if a liquid market for common shares does develop, the market price may be highly volatile.
In addition to the uncertainties relating to future operating performance and the profitability of operations, factors such as variations
in interim financial results or various, as yet unpredictable, factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect
on the market price of our common shares. 

If a public market for our common
stock does not develop, then investors may not be able to resell the shares of our common stock that they have purchased and may lose
all of their investment. If we establish a trading market for our common stock, the market price of our common stock may be significantly
affected by factors such as actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operation results, general market conditions and other factors.
In addition, the stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected
the market prices for the shares of developmental stage companies, which may materially adversely affect the market price of our common
stock. 

Our shares are defined as
 penny stock , and the rules imposed on the trading of our shares may affect a shareholder s ability to resell any
of their shares, if at all. 

Our shares are defined as a penny
stock under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and rules of the Commission. The Exchange Act and such penny stock rules
generally impose additional sales practice and disclosure requirements on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than
certain accredited investors who are, generally, institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000 or individuals with net worth in excess
of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 jointly with spouse, or in transactions not recommended by the broker-dealer.
For transactions covered by the penny stock rules, a broker-dealer must make a suitability determination for each purchaser and receive
the purchaser s written agreement prior to the sale. In addition, the broker-dealer must make certain mandated disclosures in penny
stock transactions, including the actual sale or purchase price and actual bid and offer quotations, the compensation to be received
by the broker-dealer and certain associated persons, and deliver certain disclosures required by the Commission. Consequently, the penny
stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to make a market in or trade our common stock and may also affect your ability to
resell any shares you may purchase in this offering in the public markets. 

9 

We Are Unlikely to Pay Dividends 

To date, we have not paid, nor
do we intend to pay in the foreseeable future, dividends on our common stock, even if we become profitable. Earnings, if any, are expected
to be used to advance our activities and for general corporate purposes, rather than to make distributions to stockholders. Prospective
investors will likely need to rely on an increase in the price of Company stock to profit from his or her investment. There are no guarantees
that any market for our common stock will ever develop or that the price of our stock will ever increase. If prospective investors
purchase Shares pursuant to this Offering, they must be prepared to be unable to liquidate their investment and/or lose their entire
investment. 

Since we are not in a financial
position to pay dividends on our common stock, and future dividends are not presently being contemplated, investors are advised that
return on investment in our common stock is restricted to an appreciation in the share price. The potential or likelihood of an increase
in share price is questionable at best. 

State Securities Laws may
limit secondary trading, which may restrict the states in which and conditions under which you can sell the shares offered by this prospectus. 

There is no public market for
our securities, and there can be no assurance that any public market will develop in the foreseeable future. Secondary trading in securities
sold in this offering will not be possible in any state in the U.S. unless and until the common shares are qualified for sale under the
applicable securities laws of the state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities
manuals, is available for secondary trading in such state. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in registering or qualifying
our securities for secondary trading or identifying an available exemption for secondary trading in our securities in every state. If
we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of the securities in any particular state,
the securities could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In the event that a significant number of
states refuse to permit secondary trading in our securities, the market for our securities could be adversely affected. 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2 DESCRIPTION
OF PROPERTIES 

We occupy office facilities at 620 Newport Center
Dr. Ste. 1100 Newport Beach, Ca. 92660 for which we pay no rent per month to FinTekk AP, LLC, our majority shareholder. It is a month-to-month
oral agreement. 

ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any material legal proceedings.
We are not aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us that we expect will have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, liquidity, or operating results. However, legal claims are inherently uncertain, and we cannot assure you that we
will not be adversely affected in the future by legal proceedings. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

10 

PART II 

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

From October 2015 through December
of 2017 our common shares were listed on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board in the United States under the symbol TRDP .
In December of 2017, we were notified by FINRA that due to lack of trading, our common shares would no longer be listed for trading on
the OTCQB. Accordingly, there are currently no recent bid or ask quotes for our common shares available because no market makers share
data or quote our common shares and there is no quoting system available to record and settle trades. Our common shares may now be traded
on the Grey Market or on the Grey Sheets , where trading is moderated by a broker and done between consenting
individuals at a price they agree on. The only documentation that can be publicly found regarding the trades is when the last trade took
place. The failure to develop or maintain a liquid trading market negatively affects our common share's value and makes it difficult
or impossible for you to sell your shares. Even if a liquid market for common shares does develop, the market price may be highly volatile.
In addition to the uncertainties relating to future operating performance and the profitability of operations, factors such as variations
in interim financial results or various, as yet unpredictable, factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect
on the market price of our common shares. 

No trades of our common stock
occurred through the facilities of the OTCQB. The following table sets forth the range of the high and low bid prices per share of our
common stock for each quarter (or portion thereof) as reported on the OTCBB or OTCQB, as applicable, beginning on February 8, 2013. These
quotations represent interdealer prices, without retail markup, markdown or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. There
currently is no liquid trading market for our common stock. 

There can be no assurance that
a significant active trading market in our common stock will develop, or if such a market develops, that it will be sustained. 

High 
 Low 

January 1, 2021
 December 31, 2021 (1) (2) 
 0.25 
 0.25 
 
 January 1, 2022 December
31, 2022 (1) (2) 
 0.25 
 0.25 

(1) Represents quoted prices but not actual trades. 

 (2) In December of 2017, our shares
were de-listed from the OTCQB and are now on the Grey Market . 

As soon as practicable, and assuming
we satisfy all necessary initial listing requirements, we intend to apply to have our common stock re-listed for trading on the OTCQB
although we cannot be certain that our application will be approved. 

11 

Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities. 

In December of 2022, FinTekk
AP, LLC a related party, controlled by Mr. O Connell converted a debt obligation owed by the Company to common stock for 0.25 per
share. A debt to equity conversion agreement was executed by the parties. 

Re-Purchase of Equity Securities. 

No equity securities were repurchased
during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Dividends. 

No dividends have been declared
or paid during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

We do not have an Equity Compensation
Plan. 

ITEM 6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As a smaller reporting
company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide information required by this Item. 

ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF PLAN OF OPERATION 

The following discussion and
analysis of our results of operations and financial condition for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in
conjunction with our financial statements and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this annual report.
Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our
plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk Factors ,
 Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Description of Business sections and elsewhere
in this annual report. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, 
 continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, 
 will, should, could, predict, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking
statements. Although we believe the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions within
the bound of our knowledge of our business, our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these statements. Factors
that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the Risk Factors section
of this report. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason even if new information becomes
available or other events occur in the future. 

In addition to historical
information, this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements as a result of a number of factors, risks and uncertainties, including the risk factors set forth in Item 1A. above and the
risk factors set forth in this Annual Report. Generally, the words anticipate , expect , intend ,
 believe and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this Annual
Report are made as of the filing date of this Annual Report with the SEC, and future events or circumstances could cause results that
differ significantly from the forward-looking statements included here. Accordingly, we caution readers not to place undue reliance on
these statements. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether, as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise after the date of this document. 

12 

Plan of Operation 

Overview 

On June 3, 2013, Teardroppers,
Inc. (the Company , we , us , or our ), was incorporated under the laws of the state
of Nevada. 

Throughout 2021, and moving forward
we have focused on utilizing small and large cargo type trailers in our business. In certain cases, we will use acquire these trailers
with the intent of lease them to our clients for advertising and promotion purposes. As an alternative, we have acquired cargo trailers
in an acquisition transaction, and then executed a long-term lease agreement for the trailer in which the client takes full responsibility
for the content production, advertising, and promotion used on the trailer. 

We are also engaged in the business
of mobile billboard advertising by offering to provide billboard advertising space on standardized and custom designed Teardrop
Trailers and on car hauling trailers. Teardrop Trailers are usually designed for short-period accommodations for vacationers and
travelers. Car hauling trailers are box like and have more space for advertising displays. Our trailers are light weight
so that they can be towed behind small economy sized vehicles and pickup trucks. Beginning in 2015, we introduced classic car tow options
with enclosed car hauler trailers as rental options. 

Additionally, if the client desires,
we can acquire a Teardrop style camper trailer for use in direct advertising or promotion by a client or acquire the same style trailer
with the intent to lease directly to the client and allow them to manage and produce the content production, advertising, and promotion
used on the trailer. 

In 2017, we acquired a 2006 Ultra
Comp car hauler trailer from Gemini Southern, LLC, a related party, and subsequently leased the trailer over a term of four years to
Rick Ware Racing, a company associated with our Chief Executive Officer. The terms of the lease are the fair market value of leases for
such equipment. On April 2, 2021 the trailer was sold directly to the lessee and the lease was terminated. 

Trends Outlook 

Revenue Our revenue is
derived primarily from renting our trailers with specific advertising and branding messaging lettered to each trailer that can be used
in display settings as well as leasing our hauler trailer acquired in April of 2017. Additionally, we may receive additional revenue
from customers requiring custom advertising applications to the trailers they rent from our Company. 

Long-term, we cannot predict
the growth or decline of our revenues. If certain changes in the local or national economies of our customers declines our potential
revenue would likely decrease. Such a decline in advertising spends available to potential customers in our market would have a negative
effect on our business. 

Operating Expenses 

Our Operating expenses are currently
attributed to the regular operations of the Company. These costs can vary depending on commodities such as fuel, the distance traveled,
costs of advertising or changes in technical and engineering consulting fees. 

13 

Significant Accounting
Policies 

Our financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses. Note 2 of the Notes to Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the financial
statements. Certain of these significant accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies, as defined below. 

A critical accounting policy
is defined as one that is both material to the presentation of our financial statements and requires management to make difficult, subjective
or complex judgments that could have a material effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Specifically, critical accounting
estimates have the following attributes: 1) we are required to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time of
the estimate; and 2) different estimates we could reasonably have used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur,
would have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Estimates and assumptions about
future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions believed to be applicable and reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates may change as new events occur, as additional
information is obtained and as our operating environment changes. These changes have historically been minor and have been included in
the financial statements as soon as they became known. 

Based on a critical assessment
of our accounting policies and the underlying judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies, management believes
that our financial statements are fairly stated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and
present a meaningful presentation of our financial condition and results of operations. We believe the following critical accounting
policies reflect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements: 

Use of Estimates 

These financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and, accordingly, require management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 

Cash and Equivalents -
We maintain our cash in bank deposit accounts, which at times, may exceed federally insured limits. We have not experienced any losses
in such account. 

Intangible and Long-Lived
Assets - We follow ASC 360, Accounting for Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, which established a
 primary asset approach to determine the cash flow estimation period for a group of assets and liabilities that represents
the unit of accounting for a long-lived asset to be held and used. Long-lived assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The carrying amount
of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual
disposition of the asset. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to
sell. No impairment losses were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Stock Based Compensation
- We recognize expenses for stock-based compensation arrangements in accordance with provisions of Accounting Standards
Codification 714. Accordingly, compensation cost is recognized for the excess of the estimated fair value of the stock at the grant date
over the exercise price, if any. For equity instruments issued to non-employees, the estimated fair value of the equity instrument is
recorded on the earlier of the performance commitment date or the date the services required are completed. 

14 

Basis of presentation 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. Without further funding, we anticipate running out of cash after
December 31, 2022, and accordingly our current cash balances will not be sufficient to fund our operating expenses after December 31,
2022. We have received only 186,775 in revenues since our inception through December 31, 2022 and have incurred an accumulated net loss
of 3,381,481 and accumulated net cash used in operations of 1,222,672. 

Unless we begin generating more
revenues in the near future, we anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses in the near term, and we may never be able to achieve
profitability. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. In order to achieve profitable operations, we need to
generate significant revenues from leasing fees. We cannot be certain that our business strategies will be successful or that will we
generate significant revenues and become profitable. Additionally, we will need to obtain additional public or private equity financings
or debt financings in order to continue operations. 

Revenue recognition 

On January 1, 2018, the Company
adopted the provisions of ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and related Accounting Standards Updates. This new revenue recognition
standard has a five-step process: a) Determine whether a contract exists b) Identify the performance obligations c) Determine
the transaction price d) Allocate the transaction price and e) Recognize revenue when (or as) performance obligations are
satisfied. The impact of the Company s initial application of ASC 606 did not have a material impact on its financial statements
and disclosures. 

Income taxes 

The Company uses the liability
method of accounting for Income Taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. A valuation allowance can be provided for a net deferred tax asset, due to uncertainty of realization. 

Net loss per common share 

Net loss per common share is
computed pursuant to ASC No. 260 Earnings per Share. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted
average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by
the weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially outstanding shares of common stock during each period. There were
no potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued or outstanding during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We have reviewed all the recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and we do not believe that the future adoption of any such pronouncements may
be expected to cause a material impact on our financial condition or the results of our operations. 

15 

Year Ended December 31,
2022 as compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022
were 0 compared to 15,825 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in revenue in 2022 is related to operating leases that
were terminated in 2021. There were no operating leases in 2022. The Company incurred no cost of revenue for 2022 and 2021. A consulting
agreement was executed in December of 2022 and amortized over a period of ten (10) months starting in January 2023 with a non-related
third party. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the year ended December
31, 2022 were 332,625 as compared to 423,905 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Expenses in 2022 compared to 2021 included
 22,500 compared to 47,500 in consulting to unrelated party, 151,500 compared to 159,000 in consulting to related party, 120,636 compared
to 182,192 in general and administrative, and 37,989 compared to 35,213 in professional fees. The decrease in expenses in 2022 is attributable
to a decrease in general and administrative expenses and consulting fees. 

Interest Income/Expense 

Interest income from related parties for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 51,406 compared to 25,688 in the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company entered into a new direct financing
lease with a related party in 2022. 

Interest expense to related parties for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022 was 138,684 and 100,804 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense
in 2022 is directly related to an increase in the indebtedness of the Company with the additional new loan. 

Interest expense to unrelated parties was 5,977
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 6,515 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in 2022 is directly
related to the reduction in the in the balance owed as payments have been made according to the loan agreement. 

Net Loss 

The net loss for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022 was 425,880 as compared to a loss of 458,648 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 due to the factors discussed above.
The net loss decreased in 2022 due to a decrease in administrative fees accrued to unrelated parties. 

Liquidity Capital Resources 

Our financial statements have been prepared on
a going concern basis which assumes the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course
of business for the foreseeable future. As at December 31, 2022 the Company had total assets of 912,383, comprised primarily of 170,847
in cash, 23,203 in property and equipment (net), and current liabilities of 2,002,199 consisting of a working capital deficit of 1,623,586.
The Company has incurred losses from inception to December 31, 2022 of 3,381,481 and further losses are anticipated in the development
of our business, raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from
April 14, 2023. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company generating profitable operations in the future
and, or, obtaining the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when
they come due. There is no assurance that these events will be satisfactorily completed. 

The Company may raise additional capital through
the sale of its equity securities, through an offering of debt securities, or through borrowings from financial institutions. By doing
so, the Company hopes to generate profits. Management believes that actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding provide
the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. 

16 

Cash Flows for the Year Ended
December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Operating Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received
 151,844 in cash from operating activities, compared to 187,815 used during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash during
2022 was primarily due to a decrease in the amount of cash used to pay for expenses incurred by the company and the receipt of 175,000
advance payment for consulting services to be performed in 2023. 

Investing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 we used
 649,000 from investing activities related the purchase of new equipment, compared to 38,981 provided during the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase used for 2022 was due to a purchase of assets for leasing. 

Financing Activities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
provided by financing activities were 638,845 compared to 128,519 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due primarily
to the funds borrowed from a related party used to purchase equipment used in direct finance agreement. 

Stockholder Matters 

Total stockholders deficit was 1,594,503
on December 31, 2022 and was 2,081,123 on December 31, 2021. 

Management expects to raise 375,000
in capital through the issuance of debt and equity in 2023 and believes it will be able to raise sufficient capital over the next twelve
months to finance operations. However, there can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in this regard or will be able
to eliminate its operating losses. The accompanying financial statements do not contain any adjustments which may be required as a result
of this uncertainty. 

Management estimates that the
cost of operating our business for the next 12 months will require additional capital of 375,000 or approximately 31,250 per month,
consisting of: 10,000 for officers salaries, 5,000 for executive marketing assistants, 1,500 for additional office space, 1,500
for telecom and communications, 10,584 for marketing efforts, 3,000 for legal and accounting costs. 

The Company intends to hold discussions with existing
shareholders, new prospective shareholders and various lenders in pursuing the capital we need for the upcoming twelve months of operations.
Additionally, the Company may elect to draw down additional proceeds from its line of credit with FinTekk AP, LLC. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to raise any additional equity or debt capital. 

Mr. O'Connell is also the managing
member and majority membership interest holder of General Pacific Partners, LLC a limited liability company GPP ). In February
of 2014, the Company established a 450,000 unsecured line of credit with GPP (the Line of Credit ). The terms of the Line
of Credit provide for interest at 10 per annum on all outstanding balances. The availability of funds for draw down from this line of
credit is subject to the approval of Mr. O Connell. Beginning January 1, 2023, FinTekk AP, LLC a Texas single member limited liability
company owned by Kevin O Connell assumed the line of credit. As of December 31, 2021, we have 0 balance on the GPP line of credit. 

17 

Mr. O'Connell is the managing member and the majority
membership interest holder of DEVCAP Partners, LLC, a limited liability company DEVCAP ). In February of 2014, the Company
established a 450,000 unsecured line of credit with DEVCAP (the Line of Credit). The Company s liability to DEVCAP has been
assigned to FinTekk AP, LLC. Mr. O Connell owns a majority interest in FinTekk AP, LLC. FinTekk AP, LLC and FinTekk owns approximately
seventy-eight (87 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. The terms of the Line of Credit provide for interest at
10 per annum on all outstanding balances. The availability of funds for draw down from this line of credit is subject to the approval
of Mr. O Connell. As of December 31, 2022, we owe 35,129 on the FinTekk line of credit,
which is presented as part of Line of credit from related parties account. 

The Company s capital requirements
consist of general working capital needs, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt when required, obligations, and capital expenditures.
The Company s capital resources consist primarily of cash generated from proceeds through the drawing down of capital from our
lines of credit. At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash in bank of 170,847. 

Experienced and Dedicated
Personnel 

We intend to maintain a highly
competitive team of experienced and technically proficient employees and motivate them through a positive work environment and stock
ownership. We believe that employee ownership, which may be encouraged through a stock option plan, is essential for attracting, retaining
and motivating qualified personnel. While we have not yet adopted a stock option plan, we intend to do so in the near future. 

Financing Needs 

The Company may only have sufficient funds to conduct its operations through December 31, 2023. We earned no revenue in
2022, and 15,825 for the year ended December 31, 2021. It is anticipated that the Company will generate additional revenue in 2023; however,
there can be no assurance that if in fact the Company does generate increased revenue in 2023, that such revenues would be sufficient
to sustain or grow the operations. It is therefore anticipated that the Company will need additional capital in order to continue operations. 

The Company presently does not
have any available outside credit, bank financing or other external sources of liquidity, other than the net proceeds we receive from
our related party lines of credit. Due to its brief history and historical operating losses, the Company's operations have not been a
source of liquidity. The Company will need to obtain additional capital in order to continue operations. In order to obtain capital,
the Company may need to sell additional shares of its common stock or borrow funds from private lenders. There can be no assurance that
additional financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. 

The Company cannot guarantee
that it will be able to obtain additional capital. The Company will seek capital from the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining
credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. The recent downturn in the U.S. stock and debt markets could make it more difficult
to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if the Company is able to raise the funds required, it is
possible that it could incur unexpected costs and expenses or experience unexpected cash requirements. Further, if the Company issues
additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences
or privileges senior to those of existing holders of the Company's common stock. If additional financing is not available or is not available
on acceptable terms, the Company will have to curtail or may even cease its operations. 

18 

Recent Financings 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
a balance owing of 35,129 to one related party; FinTekk AP, LLC and 206,904 to a related party lender, Gemini Southern, LLC, pursuant
to unsecured Line of Credit Agreements and a loan payable. The Line of Credit Agreements and loan payable provide for interest at the
rate of 10 per annum. 

On February 4, 2021, the Company
acquired a 1983 Toyota Hilux pick-up truck to be used in the business for light duty towing and advertising and promotion. The truck
was acquired through a loan from the FinTekk AP, LLC line of credit. The purchase price was 36,114. 

On July 1, 2022 the Company borrowed 649,000
from Gemini Southern. The terms of the loan call for monthly payments on the loan due on the first of each month, a term of 48 months
with an interest rate of twelve 12 . On July 5 th , 2022, the Company used the proceeds from the loan to acquire two Competition
trailers and two over the road tractors. The equipment was then leased to a third-party lessee. Monthly lease payments are 17,250 per
month. The Company received a personal guarantee from the owner of the Lessee, and is listed as an additional insured on the Lessee s
property insurance policy. 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements required
by Item 8 are submitted in a separate section of this report, beginning on F-1, and are incorporated herein and made a part hereof. 

ITEM 9 CHANGES IN
AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None 

ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of disclosure
controls and procedures 

Based upon an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures performed by our Chief Executive Officer as of the end of the period covered
by this report, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures have not been effective as a result
of a weakness in the design of internal control over financial reporting identified below. 

As used herein, disclosure
controls and procedures mean controls and other procedures of our company that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or
submit under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

19 

Management s Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management
and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Our internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

We are a Smaller Reporting Company
with limited revenues, with a relatively small number of bookkeeping entries. 

Our Chief Executive Officer,
who is also our Chief Financial Officer has, as of the end of the period covered by this report, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act. Based upon that
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this annual
report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level discussed above, due to (i) there
is no Audit Committee; and (ii) there is no internal accounting expertise in the Company. 

This annual report does not include an
attestation report of our registered independent public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting because
Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered independent public accounting firm. 

Changes in Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

No changes in our internal control
over financial reporting occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

20 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officer 

MANAGEMENT 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Kevin P. O Connell(2) 
 55 
 Sole Director, President and Chief Executive
 Officer 

Larry Krogh(1) 
 57 

Cody S. Ware(1) 
 26 

Rayna Austin(1) 
 31 
 CFO Director 

Robert J. Waltos(1) 
 60 
 Director 

_______________ 

(1) On December 15, 2022, Larry Krogh,
Rayna Austin, and Robert J. Waltos (the Former Directors) resigned as directors of the Registrant. Also on December 15, 2022,
Cody S. Ware resigned as Chief Executive Officer and President. There were no disagreements known to the Registrant between the Former
Directors, Cody S. Ware and the Registrant with regard to the Registrant s operations, policies or operations. 

(2) Pursuant to the Consent of a shareholder
holding the majority of common shares entitled to vote at a meeting of common shareholders, Kevin P. O Connell was elected as
sole director of the Registrant. Also on December 15, 2022, Kevin P. O Connell was elected as the Chief Executive Officer and
President of the Registrant. 

Kevin P. O Connell , Sole Director
and Chief Executive Officer. From 1997 through the present, Mr. O Connell has led venture capital investments and asset management
(real estate securities) strategies with particular focus in the general capital markets consisting of private and public
financing, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate restructurings. He is the founder and managing partner of FinTekk AP, LLC a Southern
California firm providing advisory services, direct investment and capital markets consulting. Mr. O Connell has been a direct
principal investor and active board member having managed the strategic decisions, equity/debt financing and developmental stage efforts
of companies engaged in the technology, healthcare and environmental industries. 

He received a Bachelor of Arts (BA) from California
State University, Northridge (CSUN), earned his Master of Business Administration (MBA) from Pepperdine University and completed
the Corporate Governance Program at Harvard Business School (HBS) in Boston, MA. 

Rayna Austin Chief Financial
Officer On February 1, 2021, Ms Austin was appointed CFO and director for the Company. She resigned as a director on December 15, 2022.
From February of 2014 through the present, Ms. Austin has provided management consulting, business development and accounting for small
businesses through her company, RMA Services. Ms. Austin received a Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Criminal Justice and minor in Psychology
from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, earned her Paralegal Certification from University of California Irvine, and her Accounting
and QuickBooks Certifications from the National Association of Certified Public Bookkeepers. 

21 

ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Our former Chief Executive Officer,
Cody Ware, received 4,500 per month pursuant to an oral understanding. 

There are no written employment
agreements with management. Management compensation will be determined by the board of directors based upon revenues and profits, if
any, of the Company. 

The officers and directors have
the responsibility to determine the timing of remuneration for key personnel. 

The Company does not intend to
pay directors a separate fee for their services. 

The following table summarized
our executive compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Stock 

Compensation 

All Other 

Annual Compensation 

Name/Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 

Bonus 

Options 

Plans 

Compensation 

Total 

Kevin P. O Connell Sole Director and CEO (1) 
 
 2022 

97,500 

97,500 

2021 

105,000 

105,000 

Cody Ware Former Chief 
 
 2022 

Executive Officer (2) 
 
 2021 

54,000 

54,000 

Rayna Austin (3) 
 
 2022 

96,000 

96,000 

2021 

____________________ 

 (1) Mr. O Connell was appointed
CEO on December 15, 2022. 

(2) Mr. Ware was appointed Chief
Executive Officer on September 25, 2018. He was paid 1,500 per month pursuant to an oral understanding with the Company. Beginning July
2020 and continuing through December 2022, he was paid 4,500 per month. He resigned as CEO on December 15, 2022. 

(3) On December, 15, 2022, Ms. Austin resigned as director and was appointed
Chief Financial Officer effective on the same day. 

There are no written employment
agreements with management. Management compensation will be determined by the board of directors based upon revenues and profits, if
any, of the Company. 

22 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors is currently
composed of one member, who does not qualify as independent directors in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ
Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not
been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various
types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that
no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in
carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board
of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed, and discussed information provided by the directors
and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock as of December 31, 2022
by the following persons: 

Name 
 
 No.
 of Shares owned 
 
 Percentage
 of Shares Outstanding 
 
 FinTekk AP, LLC (1) 
 
 377,360(2) 
 
 87 
 
 Steven Verska 
 
 8,300 
 
 4.7 
 
 GB Investments, Inc. (3) 
 
 13,000 
 
 3.6 
 
 Cassin Farlow, LLC 
 
 7,600 
 
 1.7 
 
 Gemini Southern, LLC (3) 
 
 17,500 
 
 4 

Directors and Officers as a Group 

.04 
 
 _______________ 

(1) 
 Kevin O 
 Connell has full investment authority for shares of FinTekk Partners, LLC. On February 26, 2019, DEVCAP Partners, LLC transferred
 all of its shares in the Company to FinTekk AP, LLC. 

(2) 
 Includes 250,000 shares that were not as yet issued by the Transfer Agent as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (3) 
 Steve Urvan has full investment authority for shares f owned by GB Investments, Inc. Gemini Southern LLC 

Convertible Class A Preferred Stock 

On December 15, 2022, the Company entered into
a Debt to Equity Conversion Agreement (the DE Agreement with Gemini Southern, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GSI ). Pursuant to the DE Agreement, GSI agreed to exchange 850,000 of principal indebtedness owed to GSI by the Company
for 3,400,000 shares of newly created Convertible Class A Preferred Stock of the Company (the Class A Preferred ). The Class
A Preferred provides for a the payment of a 0.12 per share dividend, which will be accrued. Distribution of all or part of the accrued
dividends are at the discretion of the Company. Each share of Class A Preferred is convertible, at any time at the Company s discretion,
into one share of common stock of the Company. The Class A Preferred was issued on January 10, 2023. 

23 

Long Term Incentive Awards 

Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year 

We have not awarded any options to our executive officers
under any incentive plans. 

Aggregate Option Exercises in Last Fiscal Year
and Fiscal Year End Option Values 

There have been no option exercises. 

Employment Contract and Termination
of Employment Agreements 

We have no employment agreements
with any officers or employees. 

Limitations on liability and
indemnification of officers and directors 

Our certificate of incorporation
includes a provision that eliminates the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director,
to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada Revised Statutes. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that we must indemnify our
directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law and advance expenses to our directors and officers in connection
with a legal proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law, subject to certain exceptions. We are in the process of obtaining
directors and officers insurance for our directors, officers and some employees for specified liabilities. 

The limitation of liability and
indemnification provisions in our certificate of incorporation may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors
for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors
and officers, even though an action of this kind, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant
to these indemnification provisions. However, we believe that these indemnification provisions are necessary to attract and retain qualified
directors and officers. 

SEC Policy on Indemnification 

Insofar as indemnification for
liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant
to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public
policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

Long Term Incentive Plans 

There are no long-term incentive
plans. 

24 

ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Kevin P. O Connell is the majority membership
holder of DEVCAP Partners, LLC. DEVCAP Partners, LLC has established a Line of Credit with the Company of 450,000. The Company s
liability to DEVCAP has been assigned to FinTekk. Mr. O Connell owns a majority interest in FinTekk AP, LLC. Fintekk owns approximately
eighty seven (87 of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. The receipt of funds from this line of credit is subject
to the approval of DEVCAP Partners, LLC. As of December 31, 2022, we had a balance owing of 35,129 from the Line of Credit. The terms
of the Line of Credit contain annualized interest of 10 , with quarterly interest payments paid by the Company on outstanding balances.
Mr. O Connell may have a conflict of interest should we determine to draw upon the line of credit. He will have to determine, whether
it is in the best interest of DEVCAP Partners, LLC to approve or decline the loan or, as our control shareholder, if it
is in our best interest to approve the loan. We had accrued interest owing of 26,411 on December 31, 2022. 

In addition, we have a line of
credit established with General Pacific Partners, LLC (GPP). Kevin P. O Connell is the majority membership holder of GPP. This
line of credit with the Company is 450,000. The receipt of funds from this line of credit is subject to the approval of GPP. As of December
31, 2022, we had no balance owing 0) to the Line of Credit. The terms of the Line of Credit contain annualized interest of 10 , with
quarterly interest payments paid by the Company on outstanding balances. Mr. O Connell may have a conflict of interest should we
determine to draw upon the line of credit. He will have to determine, whether it is in the best interest of GPP to approve or decline
the loan or, as our control shareholder, if it is in our best interest to approve the loan. We had accrued interest owing
of 4,732 on December 31, 2022. 

On January 1, 2014, the Company
executed a three-year consulting agreement with DEVCAP Partners, LLC whereby the Company agreed to pay 7,500 a month for consulting
services to be provided to the Company such as marketing, business development, accounting, finance, corporate structure and tax planning.
On January 1 st , 2018 the agreement with DEVCAP Partners, LLC was extended through December 31, 2026. 

In November 18, 2019, the Company
acquired from Rick Ware Racing, a 2007 Featherlite spread axle trailer and a 2008 Freightliner truck both used primarily in NASCAR related
operations. The truck and the hauler can be used for promotional / advertising services. The purchase price of the Truck Hauler
was 190,000. The Company paid for the Truck Hauler with cash. Subsequently the Company accessed 190,000 from its line of credit
with Geminin Southern, LLC, a related party. On February 5, 2020. the truck and trailer were leased back to Rick Ware Racing, LLC for
 5,003 per month for 48 months. 

On March 1, 2018, we leased the
Hauler to Rick Ware Racing, LLC. The term of the Lease is for 4 years, payable at 3,670 per month. 

On April 2, 2021, the 2006 Ultra
Comp trailer was sold back to Rick Ware Racing, LLC for 75,095 and the lease was terminated. 

We have entered into a trailer
lease agreement with Rick Ware through February 1 st , 2022. The lease terms are as described herein above. 

On February 4, 2021, the Company
acquired a 1983 Toyota Hilux pick-up truck to be used in the business for light duty towing and advertising and promotion. The truck
was acquired through a loan from the FinTekk AP, LLC line of credit. The purchase price was 36,113. 

On December 15, 2022, the Company entered into
a Debt to Equity Conversion Agreement (the DE Agreement with Gemini Southern, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company GSI ). Pursuant to the DE Agreement, GSI agreed to exchange 850,000 of principal indebtedness owed to GSI by the Company
for 3,400,000 shares of newly created Convertible Class A Preferred Stock of the Company (the Class A Preferred ). The Class
A Preferred provides for a the payment of a 0.12 per share dividend, which will be accrued. Distribution of all or part of the accrued
dividends are at the discretion of the Company. Each share of Class A Preferred is convertible, at any time at the Company s discretion,
into one share of common stock of the Company. 

25 

Conflicts of Interest 

Each officer and director is,
so long as she or he is an officer or director, subject to the restriction that all opportunities contemplated by our plan of operation
that come to his or her attention, either in the performance of his or her duties or in any other manner, will be considered opportunities
of, and be made available to us and the companies that he is affiliated with on an equal basis. A breach of this requirement will be
a breach of the fiduciary duties of the officer or director. If we or the companies to which the officer or director is affiliated each
desire to take advantage of an opportunity, then the applicable officer or director would abstain from negotiating and voting upon the
opportunity. However, the officer or director may still take advantage of opportunities if we should decline to do so. Except as set
forth above, we have not adopted any other conflict of interest policy in connection with these types of transactions. 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

We retained Assurance Dimensions,
Certified Public Accountants and Associates of Coconut Creek, FL to audit the 2022 and 2021 financial statements. The following are the
services provided and the amounts billed. 

Audit Review Fees 

The aggregate fees billed, for
professional services rendered for the reviews of quarterly reports and the audit of the Company s annual financial statements
during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 37,193 and 35,213, respectively. 

Related Fees 

For the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 there were no fees for services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements
outside of those fees disclosed above under Audit Fees . 

Tax Fees 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred no fees for services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning work. 

All Other Fees 

For the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 there were no other fees billed for products and services outside of those fees disclosed above under Audit Fees ,
 Audit-Related Fees and Tax Fees . 

Audit Committee Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

The policy of the board of directors
is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent auditors. These services may include audit
services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval
is detailed as to the particular service or category of services. The independent auditor and management are required to periodically
report to the board of directors regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditor in accordance with this pre-approval.
The chair of the board of directors is also authorized, pursuant to delegated authority, to pre-approve additional services of up to
 5,000 per engagement on a case-by-case basis, and such approvals are communicated to the full board of directors at its next meeting. 

26 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS 

(1) Financial Statements 

The following financial statements
of the Company are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report: 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Balance Sheets at December
 31, 2022 and 2021 

Statements of Operations
 for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Statements of Changes
 in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Statements of Cash Flows
 for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Notes to Financial Statements 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

Schedules are omitted because
the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule or because the
information required is given in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits 

Exhibit # 
 
 Description 
 
 3(ii).1 
 
 Corporate Bylaws for The Teardroppers, Inc. 
 
 10.1( 
 
 Line of Credit Agreement with DEVCAP Partners, LLC 
 
 10.2( 
 
 Purchase Order for Teardrop Trailer dated July 23,
 2014 
 
 10.3( 
 
 Consulting Agreement with DEVCAP Partners, LLC dated
 January 1, 2014 
 
 10.4( 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Gemini Southern LLC, dated
 September 30, 2013 
 
 10.5( 
 
 Consulting agreement with Rayna Austin, dated October
 8, 2013 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification by the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification by the Corporation s Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification by the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certification by the Corporation s Chief Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL,
 and included in exhibit 101). 

_______________ 

 Previously filed with Form S-1 

ITEM 16 FORM
10-K SUMMARY 

None 

27 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the company caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

The Teardroppers, Inc. 

Date: April 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kevin P. O Connell 

Kevin P. O Connell 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Kevin
 P. O Connell 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 April 14, 2023 
 
 Kevin P. O Connell 

/s/ Rayna Austin 

Rayna Austin 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 April 14, 2023 

28 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For The Years Ended 

 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Balance sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of operations 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of stockholders deficit 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of cash flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to financial statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of The Teardroppers, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of The Teardroppers, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company had a
net loss of 425,880 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and a working capital deficit and accumulated deficit of approximately 1,623,586
and 3,381,481, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

ASSURANCE
DIMENSIONS CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ASSOCIATES 

 also
d/b/a McNAMARA and ASSOCIATES, PLLC 

 TAMPA
BAY : 4920 W Cypress Street, Suite 102 | Tampa, FL 33607 | Office: 813.443.5048 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 JACKSONVILLE : 4720
Salisbury Road, Suite 223 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 ORLANDO:
 1800 Pembrook Drive, Suite 300 | Orlando, FL 32810 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 SOUTH
FLORIDA : 2000 Banks Road, Suite 218 | Margate, FL 33063 | Office: 754.800.3400 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 www.assurancedimensions.com 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Collectability of
receivables 

Description of the
Matter 

During the two-year period
ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased and leased back assets to various related parties. The term of the leases ranged between
48-60 months. At the end of the leases, the related parties have the right to purchase the assets. These leases were accounted for as
finance leases in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 842, Leases . Significant judgement is involved in estimating
the collectability of these receivables. 

How We Addressed the
Matter in Our Audit 

The primary procedures
we performed to address this critical audit matter included examining each lease agreement, evaluating management s assessment of
the lease and its collectability of each lease receivable, and testing the collection of outstanding balances at year-end. Based on our
procedures we deemed the Company s treatment of each lease receivable to be appropriate with no allowance recorded. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2019. 

April 14, 2023 

ASSURANCE
DIMENSIONS CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS ASSOCIATES 

 also
d/b/a McNAMARA and ASSOCIATES, PLLC 

 TAMPA
BAY : 4920 W Cypress Street, Suite 102 | Tampa, FL 33607 | Office: 813.443.5048 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 JACKSONVILLE : 4720
Salisbury Road, Suite 223 | Jacksonville, FL 32256 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 ORLANDO:
 1800 Pembrook Drive, Suite 300 | Orlando, FL 32810 | Office: 888.410.2323 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 SOUTH
FLORIDA : 2000 Banks Road, Suite 218 | Margate, FL 33063 | Office: 754.800.3400 | Fax: 813.443.5053 

 www.assurancedimensions.com 

F- 3 

The Teardroppers, Inc. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Lease receivables - related party (current portion) 

Interest receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment: 

Cost 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Lease receivables - related party (net of current portion) 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related parties 

Customer deposits 

Contract liability 

Current portion of notes payable 

Current portion of notes payable - related party 

Accrued interest - unrelated parties 

Line of credit from related parties 

Accrued interest payable-related parties 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Note payable (net of current portion) 

Note payable - related party (net of current portion) 

Total Long-term liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders Deficit 

Series A redeemable, convertible preferred stock, par value
 , shares authorized ,
shares available to be designated 16,600,000, designated shares issued and outstanding 

Series A Preferred stock to be issued 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized shares issued 

Common Stock to be issued 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 4 

The Teardroppers, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Revenues 

Lease revenue unrelated parties 

Lease revenue related parties 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Consulting to related party 

Consulting to unrelated party 

General and administrative 

Professional fees 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other expense: 

Interest income related parties 

Gain on sale of assets related party 

Gain on sale of assets unrelated party 

Interest expense related parties 

Interest expense unrelated parties 

Total other expense 

Net loss before taxes 

Income tax provision 

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

(Basic and fully diluted) 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 5 

The Teardroppers, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS OF
CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 .001
 Par) 
 Additional 
 Paid
 in 
 Capital 

Preferred 
 Stock 
 to be Issued 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 .001
 Par) 
 Additional 
 Paid
 in 
 Capital 

Common 
 to
 be Issued 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Deficit 

Balances December 31, 2020 

Net loss for the year 

Balances December 31, 2021 

Debt converted to common stock 

Debt converted to preferred stock 

Net loss for the year 

Balances December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 6 

The Teardroppers, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities 

Depreciation 

Bad debt losses 

Gain on sale of assets 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities 

(Increase) Decrease in interest receivable - related party 

Increase)
 Decrease in prepaid expenses 

Decrease in lease receivable - related party 

Increase in other receivable 

(Decrease) Increase in accounts payable - unrelated parties 

Increase in accounts payable - related parties 

(Decrease) Increase in accrued interest - unrelated parties 

Increase in contract liability 

Increase in accrued interest-related parties 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Purchase of equipment 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from note payable - related party 

Proceeds from line of credit to related party 

Repayments on line of credit to related party 

Repayments on notes payable - related parties 

Repayments on notes payable - unrelated parties 

Principal payments on lease payable - related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash 

Cash At The Beginning Of The Year 

Cash At The End Of The Year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Assets transferred in direct financing lease 

Related party debt converted to preferred stock 

Related party debt converted to common stock 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Franchise and income tax 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of the financial statements. 

F- 7 

THE TEARDROPPERS, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(the Reverse Split of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock, par value
 0.001 per share, on July 6, 2022 at 8:00 A:M Eastern Time (the Effective Time ). The total number of shares of common stock
that the Company shall have the authority to issue will remain at 200,000,000. As a result of the one-for-250 reverse stock split (the
 Reverse Stock Split ), at the Effective Time, each 250 shares of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time was automatically combined into and become one share of Company common stock. Fractional shares
resulting from the reverse stock split were settled by cash payments. As of July 6, 2022, the total amount of common shares outstanding
of the Company was 183,680. All share and per-share data and amounts have been retroactively adjusted as of the earliest period presented
in the financial statements to reflect the reverse stock split. 

cash equivalents. 

The carrying amount of the Company s financial
assets and liabilities, such as cash, receivables, prepaid expense, accounts payable, accrued expenses, notes payable and contract liabilities
approximate their fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments. The Company s loans payable approximates, the fair
value of such instruments based upon management s best estimate of interest rates that would be available to the Company for similar
financial arrangements at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company had 
assets and/or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, using the
market and income approaches. 

 years for equipment, five years for automobile, and seven years for furniture and fixtures. Upon sale or retirement of property and equipment, the related
cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in statements of operations. 

income from the rental of the trailers. 

In January 2015, the Company received 
as a deposit for advertising space to be provided in the future. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the customer has not utilized the space
and no revenue has been recognized as the performance obligations have not been satisfied. At the time the service is provided under the
terms of the agreement, the Company will recognize the revenue. 

and , respectively. On April 2, 2021, the equipment was sold to the lessee and the
lease terminated. See Note 5 for details. 

In January 2019, the Company entered into a
two-year agreement to lease a vehicle to an unrelated third party. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
recognized lease income of 
and ,
respectively. On October 8, 2021 the vehicle was sold to the lessee and the lease was terminated. 

and ,
respectively. See Note 4 for details. 

On August 1, 2020, the Company leased a
vehicle for 69,000 to a related party. The lease is classified as a direct financing lease. The lease is reflected on the
 balance sheet as lease receivable related party. Interest revenue is reflected on the statement of
operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized interest revenue of 
and ,
respectively. See Note 4 for details 

On July 1, 2022 the Company borrowed 
from Gemini Southern. The terms of the loan call for monthly payments on the loan due on the first of each month, a term of 48 months
with an interest rate of twelve . On July 5 th , 2022, the Company used the proceeds from the loan to acquire two Competition
trailers and two over the road tractors. The equipment was then leased to a third-party lessee. Monthly lease payments are per
month. The Company received a personal guarantee from the Lessee, and is additional insured on the assets. The lease is classified as
a direct financing lease. The lease is reflected on the balance sheet as lease receivable related party. Interest revenue is
reflected on the statement of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest revenue of was recognized.
See Note 4 for details. 

. Payment was received in 2022 in advance of services being performed. The income will be recognized
over the term of the agreement beginning January 2023. The advance payment is reflected on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022
under current liabilities as a contract liability. 

shares of preferred stock and shares of common stock to be issued in debt cancellation agreements, The preferred stock can be
converted into common stock at the option of the Company. These shares represent potentially dilutive securities. There were no potentially
dilutive securities as of and December 31, 2021. 

. The balance
borrowed on these lines of credit total and as December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This represents and
 of the maximum available debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 6 for further discussion of these sources. 

and , respectively. The reported income is entirely from these leases. See Note 4 for details
of the leases. 

,
a net loss for the current year of , and negative working capital of . These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issuance date of this report. Its continued
existence is dependent upon its ability to continue to execute its operating plan and to obtain additional debt or equity financing.
There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available or will be available on terms acceptable to the Company. 

months with payments of per month. At the end of the lease, the related
party has the right to purchase the asset for . The lease is classified as a financing lease under ASC 842. The present value
of the lease payments, excluding the end of lease provisions, discounted at an interest rate of 10 , is . The Company is
using the net book value of of the asset as the initial value of the lease in accordance with ASC 842-30-55-17A. 

The undiscounted cash flow principal payments
for the remaining term of the lease will be as follows: 

2024 

Total 

Less deferred interest 

Less current portion 

Long-term lease receivable 

On August 1, 2020, the company purchased a
vehicle for 69,000 from a related party and leased it to the same related party. The term of the lease is for 
months with payments of per
month. At the end of the lease, the related party has the right to purchase the vehicle for .
The lease is classified as a financing lease under ASC 842. The present value of the lease payments, excluding the end of lease
provisions, discounted at an interest rate of 10 ,
is .
The Company is using the net book value of of
the asset as the initial value of the lease in accordance with ASC 842-30-55-17A. 

The undiscounted cash flow principal payments
for the remaining term of the lease will be as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Purchase option 

Total 

Less deferred interest 

Less current portion 

Long-term lease receivable 

On July 5, 2022, the Company purchased two over
the road Kenworth trucks and two motorsports related competition trailers from a related party for 649,000 and leased them to the same
related party effective August 1, 2022. The lease term is for four years with monthly payments of with no option to purchase
the assets at the end of the lease. The lease is classified as a direct financing lease under ASC 842. The present value of the lease
payments is discounted at an interest rate of 12 . The Company is using the net book value of of the asset as the initial
value of the lease in accordance with ASC 842-30-55-17A. This results in an effective interest rate of 12.498 . 

The undiscounted cash flow principal payments
for the remaining term of the lease will be as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

Less deferred interest 

Less current portion 

Long-term lease receivable 

Income from leases is reflected on the statement
of operations as interest income related parties. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 interest income was reported
of and , respectively. 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 
 and respectively. 

On April 2, 2021 the Company
sold a NASCAR hauler to a related party at a gain of . On October 8, 2021, the Company sold leased equipment to the lessee at
a gain of . 

with an extended maturity date of , bearing interest of 
per annum. Effective July 1, 2019, the loan was assumed by FinTekk AP, LLC, a California limited liability company Fintekk ). The terms of the line of credit are unchanged. Both DEVCAP and FinTekk are solely owned by the majority
shareholder of the Company and are related parties. On December 15, 2022, the Company converted 
on the line of credit into 
shares of common stock at a value of 0.25 per share. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the balance of the line of credit was
 
and ,
respectively. The Company recorded accrued interest of 
and 
on the line of credit at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

On August 13, 2015, the Company entered into
a line of credit with General Pacific Partners, LLC, a California limited liability company, for an amount up to .
The line of credit is a demand loan bearing interest of 
per annum. General Pacific Partners, LLC is a related party to the Company as it is owned by a majority shareholder of the Company.
On July 5, 2017, the balance of 
was converted into 
shares of stock valued at .05 per share. The balance of the line of credit was 
as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. The Company owes accrued interest of 
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During 2014, the Company entered into a line
of credit agreement with Gemini Southern, LLC, a related party. The line of credit is a demand loan with a maximum of bearing
interest at , maturing December 2023. Effective December 5, 2022, of the balance due was converted to of Class
A preferred stock at a value of per share. See Note 10 for details of the preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the
balance due on the line was and , respectively. The Company recorded accrued interest of and as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. The accrued interest was not part of the conversion agreement and continues to be
reflected as a liability. 

On October 1, 2017, the Company acquired
from Gemini Southern, LLC a 2006 Ultra-Comp 53 NASCAR type vehicle transport hauler (the Hauler to be used for
promotional / advertising services. The purchase price of the Hauler was .
The Company paid for the Hauler with a promissory note (the Hauler Note ). The Hauler Note bears interest at 
per annum and is payable as follows: (i) interest only from October 1, 2017 through February 28, 2018; (ii) 3,670 per month from
March 1, 2018 through February 28, 2022; and 45,000 on February 1, 2022. The trailer is collateral for the promissory note. The
balance of the loan was 
as of December 31, 2020. On April 2, 2021, the Company sold the Hauler for 
and paid Gemini Southern the balance of the loan. The book value of the Hauler was 49,500 resulting in a gain of . 

On December 22, 2018, the Company leased a
vehicle from the majority shareholder. The term of the lease is 84 months with payments of 423
per month. At the end of the lease the Company could purchase the vehicle for 2,500. The value of the right of use asset and
corresponding liability at the date of inception was ,
the net present value of the lease payments, including the purchase option, using an interest rate of 6.649 
in accordance with the provisions of ASC 842. The right of use asset was included in property and equipment as a leased asset as of
December 31, 2020. On October 8, 2021, the vehicle was sold resulting in a gain of .
The lease was terminated. The remaining balance due to the lessor was 21,850.
A payment of was
made to the lessor and the balance of is
included in accounts payable related parties. 

On July 1, 2022, the Company purchased equipment
with cash from a related party described as: two (2) over the road Kenworth trucks and two (2) motorsports related Competition branded
haulers for use in our business. The Company received cash to finance the purchase of the equipment with a new loan from a related party
for . The term on the loan is months, interest rate is with a monthly payment of per month. The company has leased
the equipment to a related party, Rick Ware Racing, LLC for a term of 48 months beginning August 1, 2022. The monthly lease payment is
 per month and the lessee is responsible for all insurances, scheduled and unscheduled maintenance and the procurement of trained
drivers. The Lessee assumes all risk related to the use of the equipment and there is no prescribed option for the Lessee to acquire
the equipment at the end of the lease term. 

Principal payments for the loan are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

Less current portion 

Long-term liability 

from an unrelated party to purchase a 2020 Porsche Maran that was subsequently leased to a related party. See Note 4 for details of
the lease agreement. The term of the loan is 60 months with payments of per
month with interest at .
A final payment of 40,526 is due in August 2025. The loan is secured by the vehicle. 

Principal payments for the next five years will
be as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Total 

Less current portion 

Long-term liability 

Consulting expense to related
party (FinTekk AP, LLC) 

On January 1, 2014, the Company executed a
three-year consulting agreement with DEVCAP Partners, LLC, DEVCAP ), whereby the Company agreed to pay approximately
 a
month for consulting services to be provided to the Company such as marketing, architectural development, accounting, finance,
corporate structure and tax planning. Effective July 1, 2019, the agreement was transferred to FinTekk AP, LLC FinTekk ). All amounts due to DEVCAP and all future services will be assumed by FinTekk. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded consulting fee expense of 
and 
respectively. The amount due but unpaid is 
and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in accounts payable related parties on the balance sheets. 

Consulting expense to related
party (Ray Gerrity) 

On January 1, 2014, the Company
entered into a verbal consulting agreement with its Chief Executive Officer, Ray Gerrity, whereby the Company agreed to pay 2,500 per
quarter for consulting services related to his duties as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Gerrity resigned his position effective March 31,
2018. The amount due but unpaid was at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included on the balance sheet as
accounts payable - related parties. 

Consulting expense to related
party (Robert Wilson) 

On January 1, 2014, the Company entered into
a verbal consulting agreement with its Chief Financial Officer, Robert Wilson, whereby the Company agreed to pay 2,500 per quarter
for consulting services related to his duties as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Wilson resigned effective April 1, 2017. The amount
due but unpaid was 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included on the balance sheet as accounts payable - related parties. 

Consulting expense to related
party (Cody Ware) 

On January 1, 2019, the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with its Chief Executive Officer, Cody Ware, whereby the Company agreed to pay 1,500 per month for
consulting services related to his duties as Chief Executive Officer. Effective July 2020, the amount was increased to 4,500 per
month. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded consulting fee expense of .
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the amount due but unpaid was 
and ,
respectively and is included in accounts payable related parties on the balance sheet. Mr Ware resigned his position
effective December 15, 2022. 

Consulting expense to related party (Rayna
Austin) 

In March 2018, the Company signed a consulting
agreement with RMA Services to perform sales, due diligence and general administrative services. RMA Services is owned by Rayna Austin.
The agreement provides for fees of 8,000 per month with 4,000 paid monthly and 4,000 to be accrued and payable at a future date. Effective
December 2, 2022, Rayna Austin became the CFO. As of December 31, 2022, The Company owed . This liability is reflected on the
balance sheet as accounts payable related parties. As of December 31, 2021, the Company owed . This is reflected on the
balance sheet as accounts payable as she was not the CFO at that tune and not a related party. 

Expense reimbursements 

The majority shareholder of the Company pays
certain ongoing operating costs from personal funds and is periodically reimbursed. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amounts
due to the shareholder was 
and 
and is reflected in accounts payable related parties on the balance sheet. 

Other related party transactions 

On January 9, 2019, the Company
leased a 2018 Ford F-150 truck for a term of two years at 425 per month. The truck was acquired December 22, 2018 from the majority
shareholder as described in Note 10. The lessee is an outside consultant for the Company. On October 8, 2021, the truck was sold to the
lessee for and the lease was terminated. 

. The Company amended
its articles of incorporation to increase it authorized shares to shares of common stock and shares of preferred
stock, both 0.001 par value. 

The Company is authorized to issued 
 shares of Class A preferred stock. The dividend rate on Class A preferred shares is 
 per share per annum. Dividends on Class A Preferred Shares shall be fully cumulative, accruing, without interest, from the date
of original issuance of the Class through the date of redemption or conversion thereof, and may be distributed, or not distributed, at
the discretion of the board of directors of the Company, in arrears on March 31, June 30, and September 30 of each year, commencing January
1, 2023. The Company has the right to convert preferred stock to common stock at 0.25 per share and there are no mandatory redemption
provisions. 

On December 5, 2022, the Company converted
 
of related party debt to 
of Class A preferred stock at a value of 
per share. No gain or loss has been recognized on the debt conversion. See Note 6 for details. 

On December 15, 2022, the Company converted
 
of related party debt into 
shares of common stock at a value of 
per share. No gain or loss has been recognized on the conversion. See Note 6 for details. 

and the lease was terminated. 

Operating Leases Lessor 

The Company entered into an agreement with a
principal vendor for the lease of a Company vehicle. The lease is classified as a lessor operating lease under ASC 842. The term of the
lease is 24 months, effective January 2019 and expiring December 2020, continuing on a month to month basis thereafter. Depreciation
expense for the vehicle subject to the lease is provided on the straight-line method over the useful life of the vehicle in accordance
with the Company s normal depreciation policy. Estimated and actual residual values are reviewed on a regular basis to determine
that depreciation amounts are appropriate. On October 8, 2021, the vehicle was sold to the lessee for 19,008. Depreciation expense related
to the vehicle was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Deferred tax assets consisted of the following: 

Share based compensation 

Accounts payable, related party 

Other deferred tax items 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had net operating loss carryforwards which are available to offset future taxable income, of approximately 
and ,
respectively, of which approximately 985,000 will begin to expire in 2037 and the remainder is carried forward indefinitely. 

The ultimate realization of deferred tax
assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, the projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies
in making this assessment. Based on management s analysis, they concluded not to retain a deferred tax asset since it is uncertain
whether the Company can utilize this asset in future periods. Therefore, they have established a full reserve against this asset. The
change in the valuation allowance in 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

A reconciliation of the expected tax computed
at the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate to the total benefit for income taxes at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

The Company s continuing practice is to
recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company
had no accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

The Company has not filed an income tax return
since inception in the U.S. and California and therefore subject to examination by tax authorities for the years 2013 and forward. The
Company is not currently under examination by any tax authority. 

Management has evaluated tax positions in accordance
with FASB ASC 740, and has not identified any tax positions, other than those discussed above, that require disclosure. 

available line of credit. Beginning January 1, 2023 FinTekk, LLC, a related party, assumed the line of credit. 

The Company s ability to collect on receivables
and pay liabilities is connected to NASCAR race schedule. The 2022 and 2021 NASCAR schedules were severely disrupted by COVID-19, which
caused delays in both collections and payments. Management believes the 2023 NASCAR schedule will not impacted as significantly. This
will allow collections on receivables and payments on liabilities to be timely made. There are no other commitments or contingencies
related to the assets and liabilities that are not disclosed above. 

F- 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 tear_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Kevin P. O Connell, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of The Teardroppers, Inc., Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, if material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

April 14, 2023 

/s/ Kevin
P. O Connell 

 Name: Kevin P. O Connell 

 Its: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 tear_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Rayna Austin, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of The Teardroppers, Inc., Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

April 14, 2023 

/s/ Rayna Austin 

 Name: Rayna Austin 
Its:Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 tear_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Annual Report of The Teardroppers, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31,
2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, I, Kevin P. O Connell, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

April 14, 2023 

/s/ Kevin P. O Connell 

 Name: Kevin P. O Connell 

 Its: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 tear_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Regarding the Annual
Report of The Teardroppers, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, I, Rayna Austin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

April 14, 2023 

/s/ Rayna Austin 

 Name: Rayna Austin 

 Its: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tdrp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tdrp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tdrp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tdrp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

