<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230406_10-K_edgar_data_1483646_0001065949-23-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5491793</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>311430</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1140766</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1552371</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1174266</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1164456</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001065949-23-000028.hdr.sgml : 20230406
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230406130028
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001065949-23-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230406
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230406

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BLACKSTAR ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001483646
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				271120628
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55730
		FILM NUMBER:		23805306

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4450 ARAPAHOE AVE., SUITE 100
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80303
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-500-3210

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4450 ARAPAHOE AVE., SUITE 100
		CITY:			BOULDER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80303

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BLACKSTAR ENERGY GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100209

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001065949-23-000028.txt : 20230406

10-K
 1
 begi-20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________to _____________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common 

Title of each class 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market value of our common shares
of voting stock held by non-affiliates of our Company at December 31, 2022, computed by reference to the price at which the common
equity was last sold 0.0023), as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
(June 30, 2022), was . 

As of March 31, 2023, there were
 common shares, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

Item 1 . 
 Business. 

4 

Item 1A . 
 Risk Factors. 

26 

Item 1B . 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

39 

Item 2 . 
 Properties. 

39 

Item 3 . 
 Legal Proceedings. 

39 

Item 4 . 
 Mine Safety Disclosure. 

40 

Item 5 . 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

40 

Item 6 . 
 Reserved. 

49 

Item 7 . 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

49 

Item 7A . 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

53 

Item 8 . 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

54 

Item 9 . 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

55 

Item 9A . 
 Controls and Procedures. 

55 

Item 9B . 
 Other Information. 

56 

Item 9C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

56 

Item 10 . 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

57 

Item 11 . 
 Executive Compensation. 

60 

Item 12 . 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

63 

Item 13 . 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

66 

Item 14 . 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

66 

Item 15 . 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

67 

Item 16 . 
 Form 10-K Summary 

68 

SIGNATURES 

69 

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are projections of events, revenues, income, future economic performance or management s plans
and objectives for our future operations. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, 
 should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, 
 predicts, potential, or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks
in the section entitled Risk Factors and the risks set out below, any of which may cause our or our industry s
actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and
not in limitation: 

the uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses; 

risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms to continue as going concern; 

risks related to our operations and 

other risks and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy. 

This list is not an exhaustive list of the
factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully, and readers
should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management s
beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements
if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the
forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 

Our financial statements are stated in United
States dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. All references
to common stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

GENERAL 

The following is a summary of some of the information
contained in this document. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this document to our Company, us, 
 we, our, BlackStar, or the Company are to BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

We are based in Boulder, Colorado and
are engaged in Merchant Banking and Finance in the United States. Since 2018 we have also been developing a blockchain-based software
platform to trade electronic fungible shares of our common stock. Once completed, the platform design might enable us to license
the technology as a Platform as a Service PaaS for other publicly traded companies, providing revenue to finance
our merchant banking. The completion of our software platform depends on our ability to license it to an existing Alternative Trading
System ATS or for us to possibly register as an ATS, which we do not intend to do at this time as we would prefer
to license our platform to an existing ATS. The platform is not currently operational or in use by anyone. We have recognized net
losses of 1,225,207) in the year ended December 31, 2022. We have relied solely on sales of our securities, convertible note
financing, and private loans to fund our operations. 

4 

Table of Contents 

The Company intends to raise additional
funds in order to fund operations of the merchant bank, and to expand its services into the blockchain industry. To fund ongoing
operations, we may raise funds in the future, which are not yet committed. 

Reports to Security Holders 

We are subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and as such, we intend to file all required disclosures. 

You may read and copy any materials
we file with the SEC in the SEC s Public Reference Section, Room 1580, 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may
obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Section by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC
maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that
file electronically with the SEC, which can be found at http://www.sec.gov. 

Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act 

We qualify as an emerging growth
company as defined in Section 101 of the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act JOBS Act as we did not have
more than 1,235,000,000 in annual gross revenue and did not have such amount as of December 31, 2022, our last fiscal year. 

We may lose our status as an emerging
growth company on the last day of our fiscal year during which (i) our annual gross revenue exceeds 1,235,000,000 or (ii) we issue
more than 1,235,000,000 in non-convertible debt in a three-year period. We will lose our status as an emerging growth company
if at any time we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer. We will lose our status as an emerging growth company on the last
day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an
effective registration statement. 

As an emerging growth company, we may
take advantage of specified reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable to generally reporting companies.
These provisions include: 

- 
 A requirement to have only two years of audited financial statement and only two years of related Management Discussion and Analysis Disclosures: 

- 
 Reduced disclosure about the emerging growth company s executive compensation arrangements; and 

- 
 No non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. 

As an emerging growth company, we are
exempt from Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Such sections are provided below: 

Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 requires a public company s auditor to attest to, and report on, management s assessment of its internal
controls. 

Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities
and Exchange Act, implemented by Section 951 of the Dodd-Frank Act, require companies to hold shareholder advisory votes on executive
compensation and golden parachute compensation. 

We have already taken advantage of these
reduced reporting burdens in this Form 10-K, which are also available to us as a smaller reporting company as defined under Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

As long as we qualify as an emerging
growth company, we will not be required to comply with the requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
Section 14A(a) and (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS
Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
 We are choosing to irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards
under Section 102(b)(2) of the JOBS Act. 

5 

Table of Contents 

HISTORY 

Our Company, BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc., BlackStar, we, our was originally formed on December 17, 2007 as NPI08, Inc. in the
State of Delaware. Our name was changed in 2010 to BlackStar Energy Group, Inc. In August of 2016, our name was changed to BlackStar
Enterprise Group, Inc. 

Our Company was divested from Kingsley
Capital, Inc. in a bankruptcy proceeding in 2008, in which Kingsley was the debtor. Our Company attempted to start up in the energy
business in 2010 without success, resulting in losses totaling 1,819,530 over a three-year period. Our Company was inactive until
2016 when new management and capital were introduced. 

Definitions 

As used throughout this Report, capitalized
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the filing. The following terms shall have
the meanings set forth below, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise: 

BlackStar Digital
Trading Platform TM BDTP TM : a digital Electronic Fungible Shares trading platform enabling
the trading of BlackStar common shares in electronic fungible form. (The BDTP TM has not been approved
by any regulatory agency or broker dealer and is not currently operational.) 

BlackStar Electronic
Fungible Shares BEFS : a digitally evidenced share, also known as an electronic share, (see Digital Share 
below) of BlackStar common stock holding the same characteristics as securities evidenced by a paper certificate which has been
transmitted electronically and protected by cryptographic protocols on BDTP TM . Digital equity shares are the
 electronic fungible shares on account. Electronic Fungible Shares are the same class of common stock as, and are
identical to, paper certificated and book-entry shares of common stock; BEFS merely describes the format of the share of common
stock. 

Blockchain :
a disintermediating technology, where each transaction is cryptographically signed, and always appended to an immutable ledger,
visible to all participants, and distributed across boundaries of trust. Once a ledger transaction has received a sufficient level
of validation, cryptography ensures that it can never be replaced or reversed. Transactions are secure, authenticated, and verifiable. 

Blockchain Equity
Trading TM BET ): computer software platforms, including the BDTP TM , for the trading of
only one SEC regulated security on an immutable blockchain, and for the analysis, monitoring, storing, and tracking of financial
investments on an immutable blockchain. The Company will subscribe the platform to individual public companies for the exclusive
exchange of cash for free-trading shares of one public company, creating an individual spot market. 

Blockchain First
 TM : financial services software for managing the trading of stocks or equities on an immutable blockchain that prevents
the disruption of order flow of customer trades. 

Digital Shares :
common shares holding the same characteristics as securities evidenced by a paper certificate but are recorded via electronic book-entry
through the Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian DWAC system in digital form and are protected by cryptographic
protocols, sometimes also referred to as an electronic share, an electronic fungible share, or an electronic fungible common share
in this document. Digital shares are the same class of common stock as, and are identical to, paper certificated and book-entry
shares of common stock; digital share merely describes the format of the share of common stock. 

Internet Digital
Offering TM IDO TM ): financial services software for managing and hosting indications
of interest for potential initial or secondary future offerings on an immutable blockchain. 

6 

Table of Contents 

CORPORATE STRUCTURE 

Our corporate structure is as follows: 

INTERNATIONAL HEDGE GROUP, INC. 
 (Parent Company a Colorado corporation) 

BLACKSTAR ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 
 (a Delaware corporation) 

Blockchain Equity Management Corp. 
(a Colorado corporation) 
 Blockchain Equity SRO, Inc. 
(a Colorado non-profit corporation) 

COMPANY OVERVIEW 

We are based in Boulder, Colorado and
are engaged in Merchant Banking and Finance in the United States. BlackStar s venue is private early-stage companies throughout
various industries that, in our judgement, exhibit a potential for sustained growth. We are a publicly traded specialized merchant
banking firm, facilitating joint venture capital to early-stage revenue companies. We are actively seeking opportunity for discussion
with revenue generating enterprises and emerging companies for financing. BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. is traded on the OTC
Pink under the symbol BEGI. 

Since 2018 we have also been developing
a blockchain-based software platform to trade electronic fungible shares of our common stock. Once completed, the platform should
enable us to become a Platform as a Service PaaS provider for other publicly traded companies, providing revenue
to finance our merchant banking. We have recognized net losses of 1,225,207) in the year ended December 31, 2022. We have relied
solely on sales of our securities, convertible note financing, and private loans to fund our operations. The completion of our
software platform depends on our ability to license it to an existing Alternative Trading System ATS or registration
as an ATS. 

The Company has designed and is finalizing
development of a BlackStar Digital Trading Platform TM BDTP TM referenced
above and anticipates completion of the platform in the next several months. The Company has designed the BDTP TM to
trade electronic fungible shares of BEGI (or any other company), and intends to use the BDTP TM as proof-of-concept
to other companies looking for a similar market solution. The platform can be adapted and customized to meet the needs of the particular
registered issuer and a yearly subscription fee will be charged for the design and monitoring of the digital platform technology
and execution; the issuer would decide who would quote and host their particular platform. This subscription income will then become
the basis of our revenues. We have completed a working demonstration on Amazon Web Services Quantum Ledger Database QLDB designed to facilitate shareholder trading activity. We are in the process of finalizing the software design and are now trying
to organize an arrangement with a broker-dealer, clearing firm, existing ATS, or other trading system in order to begin trading
electronic fungible BEGI shares over the BDTP TM subject to approval by the SEC. 

BlackStar intends to offer consulting
and regulatory compliance services to companies desiring to issue electronic fungible shares and blockchain entrepreneurs for securities,
tax, and commodity issues. BlackStar is conducting ongoing analysis for opportunities in involvement in electronic fungible share-related
ventures though our wholly-owned subsidiary, Blockchain Equity Management Corp. BEMC formed in September 2017.
BEMC is currently non-operational, inactive and has no business or clients at this time. It is intended to offer advisory services
as to how to implement use of a custom platform for the client s equity based off of the BDTP TM .
BEMC has not established any anticipated time frames or key milestones for BEMC business. 

As to the BEMC business model, the primary
factor for its development is dependent upon whether the BDTP TM achieves regulatory
approval by the SEC for the platform and an ATS arrangement has been achieved and approved as necessary by the SEC. 

7 

Table of Contents 

In addition to the services described
above, on December 31, 2017, BlackStar formed a subsidiary nonprofit company, Blockchain Equity SRO, Inc., formerly known as Crypto
Industry SRO Inc., a self-regulatory membership organization for the digital share industry. Further details about the business
plan for BEMC, the operating subsidiary of BlackStar, and Blockchain Equity SRO can be found in the section below. 

The Company intends to raise additional
funds in order to fund operations of the merchant bank, and to expand its services into the blockchain industry. To fund ongoing
operations, we may raise funds in the future, which are not yet committed. 

International Hedge Group, Inc. IHG ),
our parent company, contracted to acquire 95 of our outstanding stock in January 2016 and closed on the purchase in summer of
2016. In lieu of the 95 of common shares originally agreed upon, IHG initially received 44,400,000 shares of common stock and
1,000,000 of Class A Preferred Stock. IHG is our controlling shareholder and is engaged in providing management services to companies,
and, on occasion, capital consulting. IHG s strategy in investing in BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. is to own a controlling
interest in a publicly quoted company which has the mission to engage in funding of start-up and developed business ventures using
its stock for private placement or public offerings. IHG and BlackStar are currently managed and controlled by the same individual,
but IHG and BlackStar may each seek funding from different and as yet, undetermined sources, with funding structures of different
natures. 

Our principal executive offices are
located at 4450 Arapahoe Ave., Suite 100, Boulder, CO 80303 and our office telephone number is (303) 500-3210. We maintain a website
at www.blackstarenterprisegroup.com, and such website is not incorporated into or a part of this filing. 

CURRENT BUSINESS MERCHANT
BANKING 

Our Company, BlackStar Enterprise Group,
Inc. (OTC Pink: BEGI) is a publicly traded merchant banking firm seeking to facilitate venture capital to early-stage revenue companies.
BlackStar intends to serve businesses in their early corporate lifecycles and may provide funding in the forms of ventures in which
we control the venture until divestiture or spin-off by developing the businesses with capital. We have only engaged in one transaction
as a merchant bank form to date and we did not control that venture. 

Our investment strategy focuses primarily
on ventures with companies that we believe are poised to grow at above-average rates relative to other sectors of the U.S. economy,
which we refer to as emerging growth companies. Under no circumstances does the company intend to become an
investment company and its activities and its financial statement ratios of assets and cash will be carefully monitored and other
activities reviewed by the Board to prevent being classified or inadvertently becoming an investment company which would be subject
to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Services 

As BlackStar focuses its merchant banking
efforts on the DLT industry, BlackStar intends to seek investments through joint ventures in private or public emerging commercial-stage
businesses within the blockchain ecosystem. BlackStar also intends to offer consulting and compliance services to member companies
and blockchain entrepreneurs on securities and commodity futures. 

The Company will seek targeted joint
ventures in the sector, primarily focusing on distributed ledger security features and technology, and the global equity trading
arena. BlackStar, through BEMC, will seek to initially control and manage each venture into which it enters. While remaining compliant
with current SEC disclosure and reporting guidelines, BlackStar is conducting an in-depth analysis into the Company s involvement
in DLT-related ventures. 

BlackStar Enterprise Group intends to
leverage its experience in the traditional world of public finance, including experience with securities, options, and SEC registration
and compliance, into working with select organizations supporting the development and implementation of new technologies in the
electronic share and DLT world. To facilitate this process, BlackStar plans to establish an advisory board in its subsidiary, Blockchain
Equity SRO, Inc. , with applicable technical and practical experience. 

8 

Table of Contents 

The Company s success will be
dependent upon the Company s ability to analyze and manage the opportunities presented. 

BlackStar s Operating Principles: 

Provide alternative joint venture funding for entrepreneurs; 

Require GAAP and SEC accounting compliance for portfolio ventures; 

Require competent and efficient legal representation; 

Require qualified managers for portfolio ventures, and in some cases, help staff the client company while avoiding recruiting costs or attempts to bring in high-price executives. 

We seek venture investments in private,
or public emerging commercial-stage businesses with perceived strong growth prospects within certain industry sectors. Companies
that we work with may engage in consulting agreements with our parent company, International Hedge Group, Inc. IHG ),
to add additional monitoring as to their financial situations. We seek to invest up to 1 million per company in business
ventures. We may provide off-balance sheet financing to venture companies, through joint ventures or limited liability companies
under structures we cannot now predict. 

Our success will be dependent upon are
our abilities to analyze and manage the lending opportunities presented to us. 

Our management may earn shares of our
Company under our Stock Option and Award Plan as incentives on the basis of achievement. All are accountable to each other, as
well as the shareholders, and bonus awards are intended based upon individual performance, as well as team cooperation, and enterprise
building. 

INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES 

CAPITAL APPRECIATION. Our primary investment
objective is to provide our shareholders with long term capital appreciation by investing primarily in business ventures in which
we maintain majority control with selective private companies. We believe that a typical new business venture will have a five-year
window. Our investment objective is to restrict our investments to emerging growth companies we believe offer special opportunities
and meet our growth criteria, and we intend to reduce the risks associated with investments in startups. Our goal is to provide
mezzanine and expansion capital to companies through legally formed joint venture entities through which we control in order to
develop a comprehensive growth strategy, possibly involving a consolidation of similarly situated businesses or a geographic expansion
of existing product or service offerings. We are currently exploring options for investments in companies involved in the electronic
share and blockchain (DLT) technology industry. 

CAPITAL PRESERVATION. A second investment objective
is to preserve investor capital through risk management and monitoring the management of our loan portfolio. Among the risk management
techniques which we expect to employ are: (i) limiting our investments in very early-stage companies, (ii) holding majority ventures
interests in venture companies that have a positive cash flow; (iii) co-investing in venture companies with other professional
venture capital. Many ventures will not provide any gain, and some will be complete losses. BlackStar, through BEMC, will initially
control and manage each venture it enters into in the electronic share and blockchain technology industry. 

OUR APPROACH COMPARED TO TRADITIONAL SOURCES
OF VENTURE FINANCING 

Emerging companies traditionally seek financing
for growth from three primary sources: small private placements, independent private venture capital funds and corporate strategic
investors. Each of these sources has advantages but also notable disadvantages for the emerging company. Small Private Placements
are often underfunded and untimely. Venture capital funds generally are established for a limited term and their primary goal is
to maximize their financial return within a short time frame, often two years or less with severe terms for extensions or additional
funding. A venture capital fund often seeks to liquidate its investment in the emerging company by encouraging either an early
initial public offering or a sale. This often can jeopardize an emerging company s chances for success especially if its
business has not been fully developed or its intellectual property fully safeguarded prior to its debut into the market. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Corporate strategic investors are typically
large corporations that invest in emerging companies to gain access to a promising product or technology without incurring the
initial cost of development or the diversion of managerial time and attention necessary to develop new products or technologies.
Often these investments involve both financing support to the emerging company and an arrangement under which the strategic investor
obtains the right to use, and intellectual property ownership of, the products or technology of the emerging company. While strategic
investors are generally able to provide business development support, the rationale behind the investment of a strategic investor
may be incompatible with the development of the emerging company. Strategic investors often discourage the emerging company from
becoming a public company, selling to competitors of the strategic investor or from retaining the intellectual property rights
to products developed jointly with the strategic investor. 

We may be limited in our ability to fund ventures
because we may not be successful in raising additional funds to fund ventures or growth. Through the public market for our common
stock, we hope to have access to additional equity capital that may be needed for growing our ventures. We hope to offer to fill
this opportunity on selected ventures. 

We believe that our advantage over a strategic
investor is that our interests are more closely aligned with those of the emerging company. An initial public offering of the emerging
company, our venture, often required to raise the additional capital investment necessary to fully develop a venture company s
product or technology, would also benefit us by creating repayment of our loan, and possibly in certain instances, an equity position. 

OUR VENTURE POLICIES 

We may invest in ventures which do not have
any annual revenue, if we have determined that an investment may make of such company have growth capital. 

Although we may seek to venture into companies
with existing positive EBITDA (earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization), we may also consider turnaround
situations where we can clearly identify the source(s) of financial distress and see a possible solution. Through our investment,
or through co-investment with other private equity funding sources we will seek to achieve performance improvements. 

In the shorter term, we do not anticipate paying
any dividends or making other distributions, but this may change in the future. We may not always achieve a return on our venture
investment. 

In selecting venture investments for our venture,
we will endeavor to meet our guidelines, as established by our Board which include the following concepts. We may, however, make
investments that do not conform to one or more of these guidelines when deemed appropriate by our Board of Directors. Such investments
might be made if we believe that a failure to conform in one area is offset by exceptional strength in another or is compensated
for by a higher yield, favorable warrant issuance or other attractive terms or features. 

VENTURE CRITERIA 

STAGE OF DEVELOPMENT CRITERIA. We are a special
situations Company. We will primarily look for opportunities with a core business which we believe will provide us with a return
of investment and on investment within a moderate period of time, typically targeting about thirty-six to sixty months. Our objective
is to invest in emerging corporations which meet our requirements as well as qualitative potential that we look for in each opportunity.
In addition, we will look to invest in ventures with corporations. In some instances, we may relax our quantitative requirements
with the view to assist such venture companies in developing a strategic business plan which may include merger or acquisition
of other private operating businesses which may be synergistic to the existing business of the public corporation. We may invest
in ventures with companies in any of the following stages. We will always have majority control and Board control of our venture
subsidiaries. 

10 

Table of Contents 

The stages of development are defined as follows: 

Seed capital companies represent the earliest
stage of development. These companies have raised relatively modest equity capital to prove a concept and qualify for start-up
capital. Their activities generally are limited to product development, scientific and market research, recruiting a management
team and developing a business plan. These companies likely do not have financial support from either venture capitalists or larger
companies making strategic investments. 

Start-up stage companies are completing or
have recently completed product development and initial marketing but have not sold their products commercially. Generally, such
firms have made market studies, assembled key management, developed a business plan and are ready to commence operations. 

Expansion stage companies have initiated or
are about to initiate full-scale operations and sales but may not be showing a profit. 

Mezzanine stage companies are approaching
or have attained break even or profitability and are continuing to expand. An acquisition or initial public offering may be imminent. 

QUALITATIVE CRITERIA. All potential ventures
will first be evaluated and assessed based on their relative stage of development and the quality of an investment in such venture
company based on the above criteria. Once our management team has determined that a potential venture satisfies the above criteria
and is suitable for investment, it will then be evaluated using the multi-step process described below. After completion of the
process, receipt and review of all internal and outside reports and evaluations of the potential venture company, the Board will
consider the potential venture terms. If the Board approves the investment, we will then create appropriate legal documents to
reflect our venture and any management service contracts between the venture and our company. 

We intend to follow the steps set forth below
in our venture process: 

(1) BUSINESS PLAN/ASSESSMENT. Business
plan description and complete resumes of management from all entrepreneurs. Members of our management team will meet with the best
of these entrepreneurs, attempting to identify key traits that have been associated with entrepreneurial success in the past, such
as high energy, a must-win attitude, intellectual brilliance, high personal integrity, relevant experience, a strong work ethic,
and the ability to prioritize and focus. A business plan submitted for evaluation to us should contain the following information: 

Overview of the business
concept as well as the company s strategic focus and direction. 

Discussion of competition
including a discussion of specialized expertise, intellectual property, patents, and/or other unique advantages held by either
the company or its competitors. 

Sources and uses of cash
with respect to investment capital sought. 

Pro forma financial projections
for at least the current year and two subsequent years including expected capital requirements from the time of the investment
capital received through the two subsequent years. 

Operating plan including
current and projected staffing, equipment, and space requirements. 

Discussion of minimum
dollar proceeds necessary in order to implement the business plan. 

Marketing plan. 

Discussion of conflicts
of interest with investors together with steps being taken by the venture company to mitigate such conflicts of interest and to
protect against future conflicts of interest. 

Resumes for all key officers/managers. 

11 

Table of Contents 

(2) EVALUATE POTENTIAL MARKET. We
have developed relationships with consultants, who represent a valuable source of information about a target investment s
market. We will call upon these contacts as well as create new ones in the markets of each company seeking funding. As we evaluate
markets, we must become confident that the company can attain a competitive market position over time. 

(3) EXAMINE STRUCTURE OF BUSINESS
MODEL. We will examine the structure upon which the business plan is built. The Board has indicated a distinct bias toward business
models calling for high gross margins and relatively low capital intensiveness. Such businesses have the potential for higher internally
sustainable growth rates than average and superior return on equity invested. In addition, we will require, whenever possible,
implementation of the following policies into the articles, bylaws or operating agreements of its venture companies: 

There can be only one
class of common shares, all with equal voting rights, and all distributions of capital or earnings can only be made to all members
based upon their percentage interest without preference; 

Compensation of the key
officers/managers and their affiliates, including, but not limited to, all salary, bonuses, commissions and/or fees, shall be limited
based upon the success of the venture company in reaching predetermined milestones; and 

The primary responsibility
of the management/officers of the entity is to serve as fiduciaries charged with serving the best interests of the stockholders/members
even when such interests may be in conflict with the management, officers or other employees of the entity. 

(4) CHECK REFERENCES. We will require
that each entrepreneur supply a list of references in order that we may get a better sense of the entrepreneur s past experience,
strengths, weaknesses, and work habits. We make it a point to get references outside of this list as well, in order to avoid only
 cherry-picked references. We believe that these checks are important to develop a more complete and accurate picture
of the team. 

(5) CALL CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS.
We intend to call a number of current and/or prospective customers and suppliers to get a sense of how they view the targeted investment
including its products and the market. 

(6) EVALUATE PRODUCTS/TECHNOLOGY.
As part of our analysis, we will evaluate the target venture s current products, development pipeline and underlying technology.
To evaluate technology, we will not rely on in-house expertise alone, but will contact and hire appropriate specialists and consultants. 

(7) EVALUATE RISKS/REWARDS. Evaluate
the pro-forma financials, the likelihood of an exit after a 6 month to 24 month holding period. 

(8) NEGOTIATE VENTURE TERMS. When
deciding on making a venture investment, we will draw up a term sheet for negotiation, and terms will be agreed upon. 

(9) FINANCIALS AND CORPORATE INFORMATION. 

We will, after formation of the
venture subsidiary, control all accounting and financials as a subsidiary of our Company. 

RESERVES. We intend to retain reserves after
the venture investment in order to have sufficient funds for equity-oriented follow-on investments in venture companies. We intend
to sell additional common stock to meet the funding requirements for any follow-on venture investments. If such sales are successful,
we expect to have cash reserves. In order to enhance the rate of return on these reserves and increase the amounts ultimately available
for investments and our operating costs, we plan to engage in a reserve management strategy. 

AVERAGE INVESTMENT. The amount of funds
committed to a venture will vary depending on the funds available to us, the quality and completeness of the venture management
team, the perceived business opportunity, the capital 

12 

Table of Contents 

required compared to existing capital,
and the potential return. Although the venture or investment amounts will vary considerably, we expect that the venture (excluding
follow-on investments) will be between 250,000 and 500,000. 

INDUSTRY ANALYSIS AND HISTORY 

Barriers to Entry in the Merchant Banking
Industry 

There is one major barrier to entry into the
Merchant Banking Industry which is capital. We have very limited capital with which to compete in this industry. Many other competitors
have been in the business for many years and have very large capital resources and an established reputation. Our barriers to entry
are, in addition to lack of capital, lack of reputation, lack of recognition, part-time management, lack of financial history to
raise money, and lack of equity in our company upon which to base a capital raise. 

Competitive Factors Impacting Our Ability
to Gain Market Share 

Our competition enjoys advantages which may
prevent us from achieving a market share due to our competitors known reputations, large funding abilities, competent management,
and capital resources all of which will impede our abilities to achieve market share. 

Competitive Factors in the Industry 

There are numerous entities, investments banks,
merchant banks, hedge funds, private equity, commercial banks and private investors which will compete for the same business in
which we intend to engage. We will be at a significant disadvantage to all of these other competitors for the foreseeable future.
All of our competitors should be considered to be far better capitalized than we are. 

Competitive Position in the Industry 

We are an insignificant participant in the
merchant banking industry and cannot be expected to obtain a market share even discernable percentage wise. Without a large infusion
of capital, we will remain a very small participant in the industry. 

Merchant Banking 

The term merchant banking is generally understood
to mean negotiated private equity investment or financing through alternative methods by financial institutions in loans, convertible
debt or off-balance sheet vehicles, or through unregistered securities of either privately or publicly held companies. Both investment
banks, commercial banks, and other companies engage in merchant banking, and the type of security in which they invest is diverse.
They may invest in securities with an equity participation feature; these may be convertible preferred stock or subordinated debt
with conversion privileges or warrants. Other investment bank services include raising capital from outside sources, advising on
mergers and acquisitions, and providing bridge loans while bond financing is being raised in a leveraged buyout (LBO) and are also
typically offered by financial institutions or broker dealers engaged in the merchant bank industry. One which is often omitted
is the provision of experienced management by the merchant to commercialize ideas, or technology. 

Merchant banking has been an occasionally lucrative
but a highly risky endeavor for the small number of bank holding companies and banks that have engaged in it under existing law,
and for private equity investors. Banking law legislation has expanded the merchant-banking activity that is permissible to commercial
banks and has spurred interest in this specialty on the part of some institutions. However, limitations exist that have scared
many banks away from the markets after the Lehman collapse and the resulting fallout with JP Morgan, Bank of America and the big
bank Wall Street bailout. Although for much of the past half-century commercial banks have been permitted (subject to certain restrictions)
to engage in merchant banking activities, their continued role is limited by the conservatism of the regulators and their Boards. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Evolution of Modern Era Merchant Banking 

Many banks entered merchant banking in the
1960s to take advantage of the economies of scope produced when private equity investing is added to other bank services, particularly
commercial lending. As lenders to small and medium-sized companies, banks become knowledgeable about individual firms products
and prospects and consequently are natural providers of direct private equity investment to these firms. 

In the middle to late 1980s, the decision to
enter merchant banking was thrust on other banks and bank holding companies by unforeseen events. In those years, as a result of
the LDC (less-developed-country) debt crisis, many banks received private equity from developing nations in return for their defaulted
loans. At that time, many of these banks set up merchant-banking subsidiaries to try to extract some value from this private equity. 

Also, at about that time, most commercial banks
began refocusing their private equity investments to middle-market and public companies (often low-tech, already profitable companies)
and, rather than providing seed capital, financed expansion or changes in capital structure and ownership. Most particularly, they
took equity positions in LBOs, takeovers, or recapitalizations or provided subordinated debt in the form of bridge loans to facilitate
the transaction. Often, they did both. Commercial banks financed much of the LBO activity of the 1980s. 

Then, in the mid-1990s, major commercial banks
began once again focusing on venture capital, where they had substantial expertise from their previous exposure to this kind of
investment. Some of these recent venture-capital investments have been spectacularly successful. For example, the Internet search
engine Lycos was a 1998 investment of Chase Manhattan s venture-capital arm. 

We do not compete in the area of these merchant
banks, or even large or mid-market banks. We are an insignificant participant in the total market and our focus is on small investments,
which larger banks may rule out. 

Historical Track Records 

Our Company has no historical track record
and we should be deemed a pure start-up of earning or operating with all of the risks of an unproven company (see Risk Factors ). 

COMPETITION, MARKETS, REGULATION AND TAXATION 

Competition 

There are a large number of companies and individuals
engaged in the Merchant Banking and Finance industry; accordingly, there is a high degree of competition. Almost all of the companies
and individuals so engaged have substantially greater technical and financial resources than we do. We are attempting to create
a novel solution in the BDTP TM that we may use as a model, potentially enabling us to generate ongoing revenue that
we can then use for Merchant Banking. 

We are an insignificant participant among the
firms which engage in the funding of business opportunities. There are many established venture capital and financial concerns
that have significantly greater financial and personnel resources and technical expertise than we have. In view of our limited
financial resources and limited management availability, we will continue to be at a significant competitive disadvantage compared
to our competitors. 

Investment Company Act 1940 

Although we will be subject to regulation under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we believe we will not be subject to regulation
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act insofar as we will not be engaged in the business of investing
or trading in securities within the definitions and parameters which would make us subject to the 1940 Act. In the
event we engage in business activities that result in us holding investment interests in a number of entities, we might become
subject to regulation under the 1940 Act. In such event, we would be required to register as an Investment Company and incur significant
registration and compliance costs. Under no circumstances does the company intend to become an investment company and its activities
and its financial statement ratios of assets and cash will be carefully monitored and other activities reviewed 

14 

Table of Contents 

by the Board to prevent being classified or
inadvertently becoming an investment company which would be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

As a fundamental concept, the 1940 Act requires
registration of companies that invest and manage funds to invest for others and trade in securities of other companies. Those companies
that cross a threshold of 40 of assets in cash and stock in other companies may be required to register. Investment companies
may issue face amount certificates, be a Unit Investment Trust, or be a mutual fund. We intend to do several things to remain outside
of the 1940 Act: a) we will not trade in securities of other companies or manage investments for others, b) we intend to remain
primarily in the merchant bank lending business recognized as exempt under Sections 3(c)(4) and (5) of the 1940 Act, c) we intend
to carefully monitor our ratios of cash and securities to total assets to avoid crossing the 1940 Act threshold, d) we intend to
hold loans comprising 60 to 70 of our assets at any time, e) we intend to maintain secured loans to companies as our primary
business, f) we do not intend to issue face amount certificates, g) we do not intend to distribute profits and dividends to our
shareholders on an annual or shorter basis, if ever, h) we do not pass through profits and losses to our shareholders on a tax
basis, i) smaller secured loans will be our primary business and our primary profit center, which we intend will account for more
than 50 of our revenues; j) we will not issue Units in investment trusts, k) we will not act as a mutual fund, and l) we will
not invest funds on behalf of others. 

We have obtained no formal determination from
the SEC as to our status under the 1940 Act and, consequently, any violation of the 1940 Act would subject us to material adverse
consequences. We believe that, currently, we are exempt under Regulation 3(c)(4) and (5) of the 1940 Act. 

Markets. 

Our market is highly competitive and constantly
changing. Commercial success is frequently dependent on capital availability, the effectiveness and sufficiency of which are very
difficult to predict accurately. It is one of the principal economic risks of mezzanine and expansion stage funding companies like
ours. 

Governmental Regulation. 

Federal Regulations. 

We are subject to regulations by securities
laws as a public company. We do not intend to become an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, but if we
exceed certain thresholds of certain assets or our business operations cease to fall within certain exemptions, we might inadvertently
become subject to the Act. 

Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations.

We are not involved in operations with environmental
considerations for our business. 

State Regulations. 

Certain states may require that we obtain a
Lender s License prior to making a loan in that state. We intend to address this on an as needed basis. 

Title to Properties. 

Not applicable. 

OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

NUMBER OF PERSONS EMPLOYED 

As of March 31, 2023, we have no full-time
employees and 2 independent consultants who act as our officers and directors on a part-time basis of up to 40 hours per week. 

15 

Table of Contents 

IMPACTS OF COVID-19 

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus
(COVID-19) surfaced. The spread of COVID-19 around the world in 2020 has caused significant volatility in U.S. and international
markets. There is significant uncertainty around the breadth and duration of business disruptions related to COVID-19, as well
as its impact on the U.S. and international economies and, as such, as of March 2020, the Company transitioned its operations to
100 work from home and there has been minimal impact to our internal operations from the transition. The Company does not believe
that there will be a material future impact to its operations and ultimately an impact to the Company s overall revenues
at this time. 

PROPOSED NEW LINES OF BUSINESS 

The matters discussed below contain
certain forward-looking information and relate to analyses, business plans, business opportunities, management intentions and other
information, available as of the date hereof, but is not yet fully determinable. These statements also relate to our contemplated
future prospects, developments and business strategies. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected
in or suggested by the matters discussed below are reasonable, we cannot assure you that such plans, intentions or expectations
will be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual plans, intentions or expectations to differ materially from our plans,
intentions or expectations include, but are not limited to the risks and uncertainties included under Risk Factors 
in this document. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our
actual plans, intentions or expectations may vary materially from those discussed below. Given these uncertainties, users of the
information included below are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such information. 

BlackStar Digital Trading Platform
 TM 

Background 

Under the Securities Act of 1933, the offer
and sale of securities must be registered unless an exemption from registration is available. Title III of the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups (JOBS) Act of 2012 added Securities Act Section 4(a)(6) that provides an exemption from registration for certain crowdfunding
transactions. In 2015, the SEC adopted Regulation Crowdfunding to implement the requirements of Title III. Under the rules, eligible
companies were allowed to raise capital using Regulation Crowdfunding starting in May 2016. The landscape of new rules and regulations
made Regulation Crowdfunding extremely difficult for companies to effectively raise money. Companies were limited to how much they
could raise, solicitation rules across state lines for accredited and non-accredited investors is complicated, liquidity issues
arise with no public trading market for private securities, high transaction costs, and the amount one could invest. 

The Bitcoin started trading on its blockchain
in 2011 and by 2017, coinciding with the failure of crowdfunding, coins and tokens were underwritten
on a blockchain to fund global projects and start-up companies. The blockchain offered issuers a platform to fund and investors
the freedom to trade with few limitations or regulations. Investors opened wallets rather than a trading account
with a registered broker-dealer. Investors made their own decisions, there were no minimum amounts, there were no trading hours,
and there were no commissions. Investors could trade new ideas with a coin or currency connected to
the company through a wallet. The cryptocurrency innovation was based on a new distributed ledger design using a
blockchain. The many tokens and coins created and promoted on the blockchain were founded in a totally
unregulated environment. As a result, there have been many fraudulent offerings that ran afoul of existing SEC registration
requirements, there have been thefts of coins and tokens , collapses of the tokens/coins ,
bankruptcies and closures of brokers and traders in the cryptocurrency environment, all with enormous losses to investors. The
SEC has used enforcement actions of existing laws to regulate this new industry. This has created the need to create blockchain
innovations under existing SEC rules. 

In June 2017, the management of BlackStar began
analyzing the crypto industry due, in large part, to its rapid ascent in popularity. BlackStar realized that the public blockchain
trading of these faux currencies plagiarized the U.S. securities market and reduced the ability to fund and trade small companies
and new issues. BlackStar noted the lack of specific regulation and is attempting to design a new system based within the existing
rules of the SEC and FINRA. 

16 

Table of Contents 

Our Company has examined numerous exchanges 
or platforms for trading and believed that, among other things, they lacked essential regulatory compliance practices.
This research and management s securities and compliance background lead the Company to create a platform that contains the
essentials for full regulatory compliance including: 

Know-Your-Customer (KYC); 

Anti-Money Laundering (AML); 

IRS tax reporting; and 

SEC compliance. 

In July 2020, the Company determined that similar
products and services (although not identical to the BDTP platform) have needed to register or have been required to register
as an ATS in accordance with Regulation ATS, which is the regulatory framework for alternative trading systems (ATS).
An ATS is an SEC-regulated trading venue which serves as an alternative to trading at a public exchange. The basic function of
a broker-operated ATS is an electronic manifestation of a previously manual trading process, when trading desks would first try
to execute trades internally before sending the order to a public exchange, although this is a small portion of all US stock market
transactions. The vast majority of trades still occur at exchanges and electronic communication networks (ECNs). 

Under the existing regulatory framework, an
ATS is a trading system that meets the definition of exchange under federal securities laws but is not required to
register as a national securities exchange if the ATS operates under the exemption provided under Exchange Act Rule 3a1-1(a). To
operate under this exemption, an ATS must comply with the requirements set forth in Rules 300-303 of Regulation ATS. To comply
with Regulation ATS, an ATS must, among other things, register as a broker-dealer and file an initial operation report with the
SEC on Form ATS before commencing operations. Thereafter, an ATS must file amendments to Form ATS to provide notice of any changes
to its operations, and must file a cessation of operation report on Form ATS if it ceases operations. Form ATS is not an application
and the SEC does not approve an ATS before it begins operation. Form ATS is, instead, a notice to the SEC. As of September 30,
2022, the SEC lists 33 ATS s that trade National Market System (NMS) stocks. 

As a result, in lieu of expending the money
and resources to become an ATS at this time, the Company is seeking to license the BDTP platform to an existing ATS, broker-dealer,
and/or clearing firm to host the BDTP platform so that it may comply with existing rules and regulations. If we are unable
to license it to an entity in this way, we may reevaluate whether to seek compliance with Regulation ATS as a standalone ATS. See
the section below entitled Licensing the BDTP Platform With An Existing Trading System for additional
information. 

Overview of the BDTP Platform 

BlackStar intends the BDTP to be a tool
for trading securities within the existing FINRA and SEC regulated brokerage ecosystem, addressing many of the regulatory issues
by operating within the existing confines of the system. For example, customers will continue to use brokerage accounts and broker-dealers
and the transfer agent will continue to maintain the shareholder records. In addition, the BDTP platform is intended to
seamlessly integrate with the order entry processes, priority rules, and execution procedures of the existing brokerage ecosystem.
All custodial duties are intended to remain the same because the BDTP will pass encrypted customer and account information
and buy/sell orders to the relevant parties. As currently contemplated and as a brief summary, the BDTP platform is expected
to operate in the following manner: 

Blockchain First TM : Financial services
software for managing the trading of stocks or equities on a Distributed Ledger that prevents the disruption of order flow of customer
trades. 

17 

Table of Contents 

THE BROKER DEALER SUBMITS THE CERTIFICATES
TO THE TRANSFER AGENT AND THE TRANSFER AGENT VERIFIES OWNERSHIP. THEN THE BROKER DEALER S POSITION IS EITHER DEBITED OR CREDITED
DEPENDING UPON WHETHER IT WAS A DEPOSIT OR WITHDRAWAL. 

BlackStar has built the technology based upon
the Quantum Ledger Database, a blockchain framework from Amazon Web Services AWS ), and to use the AWS Cloud for
transaction data storage. The BDTP would offer a web-based interface for trading transactions as well as an Application
Programming Interface (API) that directly accesses all transactions stored on the BDTP . In June 2020, BlackStar and Artuova,
a custom software development company, successfully completed a production ready user interface for the BDTP platform, which
is feature-complete. As of September 21, 2022, the core platform and its software is complete and is in the testing phase. The
BDTP platform has been completely designed in terms of the following components: data model, reports, web-based user interface,
blockchain interface, transaction logic, cloud interface, and functional demonstration app. BlackStar intends to continue to seek
further input from various regulatory agencies and others on the functionality of the BDTP over the next several months.
It will remain in the testing phase until we license the BDTP platform to a broker-dealer, clearing firm, and/or ATS. The
BDTP platform is not designed to support transactions in any tokens, faux currencies, coins, crypto or any crypto related
assets. 

We believe that the BDTP platform is
compatible with the Depository Trust Company s (DTC) Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian (DWAC) service, which provides participants
with the ability to make electronic book-entry deposits and withdrawals of eligible securities into and out of their DTC book-entry
accounts using a Fast Automated Securities Transfer service (FAST) transfer agent as the distribution point. We have designed our
technology to be fully compatible with the DWAC system i.e. shares of stock in uncertificated (book-entry) form can be
moved into or out of the DWAC system just as with certificated shares of stock through a company s existing transfer agent
and existing broker-dealers. 

18 

Table of Contents 

We further believe that blockchain technology
is compatible with the DWAC system because it does not contradict or counter the system, but rather provides an alternative for
the customer to execute trades without markups/markdowns and at very low costs. DTC is market-neutral, which means it accepts transactions
from multiple exchanges and trading platforms on a nondiscriminatory basis. It currently supports more than 50 exchanges and trading
platforms, including the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), Nasdaq, and the OTC Markets. This is the design of the BDTP platform.
The BDTP platform is simply another trading platform, which uses blockchain technology and is designed to execute its trades
through an existing ATS with the broker-dealer responsible for clearing and processing the transactions as it does for any transactions
that occur on an existing ATS. The execution of a trade on the blockchain through an ATS will be reported back to the broker-dealer
for clearing and settlement. Upon execution of a trade on the blockchain through an ATS, the ATS will publicly report the last
price, volume, change and current bid-offer ladder to the broker-dealer that sent the order. The clearing of the trade will be
the responsibility of the broker-dealer that introduces their customer to trade on the BDTP platform. 

In addition, trading on private blockchain
technology is compatible with the existing trading system because it can be programmed to follow the same protocols and rules as
every other approved trading system. A broker-dealer will double-encrypt the customer data and send it to the BDTP platform,
while freezing the data in the customer's account. There is no difference in how orders are currently sent to market makers or
exchanges, but the benefit of BDTP platform is that there are additional security features, including a prohibition on short
selling, and customer execution of their own order. The ATS or broker dealer hosting the quotes (the Host will connect
to the blockchain trading engine data and the blockchain execution engine data through a secure line, where the Host will have
access to all the data sent to and from the blockchain in order to report the quotes. The Host will be responsible for all activity
on the blockchain as a broker dealer. The final connectivity of the Host to the blockchain, along with their roles and responsibilities,
will need regulatory review and approval once a Host partner is selected. 

The core platform has been designed for initial
use with BlackStar common stock and is thus the BlackStar Digital Trading Platform (BDTP). Our BlackStar Electronic Fungible
Shares (BEFS) are proposed to be the initially traded securities on the blockchain on the BDTP platform and the rights and
privileges to each shareholder of the BEFS is the same as certificated shares of common stock of BlackStar. BEFS are the same class
of common stock as, and are identical to, paper certificated and book-entry shares of common stock; BEFS merely describes the format
of the share of common stock. If the BDTP platform is approved for trading by the SEC and FINRA, the BEFS (those shares
of common stock trading through the platform) would not differ as to its rights and privileges under state law from the authorized
common stock of BlackStar. DTCC has for decades held electronic shares under its agency with broker-dealers for street
name shares, without any problems under state law, including the Delaware General Corporation Law. The BEFS would be no
different from DTCC held shares in book-entry form, except that the BEFS will be traded in blockchain transactions using an existing
ATS rather than being traded on an exchange. Under current SEC and FINRA regulations, any shares that are uncertificated form would
still be required to be deposited through a FINRA registered broker-dealer. Any FINRA broker dealer that accepts deposits can be
used. 

The BEFS are not tokens or crypto
tokens . A token is generally understood to be a unit of value that blockchain-based organizations or projects
develop on top of existing blockchain networks. While they often share compatibility with the cryptocurrencies of that network,
they are a wholly different digital asset class. Tokens allow developers to create a cryptocurrency without needing
to build a blockchain for that cryptocurrency. As cryptocurrencies, crypto tokens are often assets with value as
are a myriad of other intangible assets with value. Tokens can typically be transferred, traded, bought, and sold,
and they are stored in blockchain wallets. A blockchain wallet is a program or hardware device that is used to store cryptocurrency.
Transactions with a crypto token are processed on the blockchain that it uses. For example, if it is an ERC-20 token built on Ethereum,
then the Ethereum blockchain will handle all transactions for that token. 

In addition to their role as a currency, tokens 
can serve many other purposes such as (1) governance tokens which gives the holder voting rights in a cryptocurrency
project. Token holders are able to make and vote on proposals that help determine the future of that specific cryptocurrency; (2)
 decentralized finance (DeFi) refers to alternative financial systems built on blockchain technology. For example,
instead of getting a loan from a lender, a holder can put up tokens as collateral and get a loan from a DeFi platform. Each DeFi
platform has its own token that it uses as its official currency; (3) crypto rewards holders receive crypto rewards
as an incentive, which are usually paid out as crypto tokens; and (4) non-fungible tokens (NFT) denotes ownership
of a digital asset. The ownership information 

19 

Table of Contents 

is stored in the token. NFTs can be used to
show who owns a unique digital image, a GIF, or a character in an online game. 

In contrast, the BEFS are simply uncertificated
shares of stock of BlackStar, which are commonly referred to as a book-entry shares in DTC and transfer agent parlance
or, as we refer to them, electronic fungible shares. Shares held in uncertificated book-entry form have the same
rights and privileges as shares held in certificate form. The BEFS simply flow in and out of the existing trading system, exchanges,
or OTC Markets through DTC and broker-dealers in uncertificated book-entry form. Only for the period of time that the broker-dealer
holds the shares for the customer are the shares residing in a blockchain recognized format and traded via our BDTP platform
in a blockchain recorded transaction or series of transactions. A blockchain is simply a digital ledger that stores information
in blocks that are linked. This information can be transaction records or full-fledged programs that operate on the blockchain,
which are called smart contracts. For example, as transactions are confirmed, they would be grouped into a block, and that block
would then be added to the blockchain. The BDTP platform only uses the blockchain as a medium for the low cost, efficient,
and transparent way to trade securities with a minimum of mark ups, mark downs and shorting, and with lowered costs of execution.
Using BlackStar s concept Blockchain First , cash and shares of stock owned by customers are recorded
directly to the blockchain. The BEFS are simply held in uncertificated book-entry form and represent an equity ownership interest
in a corporation (BlackStar) rather than serving as a distinct currency or another purpose such as a governance right, consumer
reward or character in an online game. In addition, the price of a token is often aligned to the blockchain it is
traded on (Bitcoin or Ethereum) while the price of a share of stock such as the BEFS is aligned with the value of the underlying
company. We are not seeking to create tokens , but rather to have a system which allows the trading of well recognized
corporate shares established under state law. 

The BDTP platform is not currently operational
for any securities and any such securities must first be registered with the SEC under the Securities Act or have an available
exemption from registration. 

Frequently Asked Questions regarding Proposed
BDTP platform 

Are the shares traded
on the BDTP platform a different class of common stock? 

o The shares that may be
traded on the BDTP TM Platform in the future, if approvals were granted, would also be normal shares of
common stock, of the same and only class of common stock as owned by existing shareholders. To use the BDTP platform, the
shares of the shareholder must be in an electronic share format, accomplished via the standard DWAC procedure. The ownership and
voting rights of all shareholders of common stock are identical and the Company only has one class of common stock authorized. 

Do the common shares
need to be exchanged for electronic fungible shares to use the platform? 

o The BDTP TM ,
once approved and operational, currently contemplates executing orders for common shares in an electronic fungible form, also known
as a digital share. There is no exchange of shares needed; however, the shareholder would need to have their shareholdings in an
electronic form, accomplished via the DWAC process through a broker dealer and the transfer agent. 

Will the BEFS traded
on the proposed BDTP TM trade at different prices than the OTC Pink? 

o Because it is a distinct
market from the OTC Pink, where the common shares currently trade, there is a possibility that the prices reflected for the common
shares will differ across the trading markets. BDTP TM , for instance, only accepts free trading securities (of BlackStar
common stock) for cash and prohibits shorting. As a result, there could be a difference in price from one market to the next due
to different liquidity in the markets as there are arbitrage opportunities in both separate trading venues. 

Are the BEFS crypto assets
or tokens? 

o The proposed BDTP TM 
is designed to trade existing shares of common stock (in an electronic form) and NOT crypto assets, cryptocurrency, or tokens.
We are not attempting to tokenize securities, but instead our concept is to use Distributed Ledger Technology (a
private blockchain) to execute, and record transactions with higher efficiency and lower cost, which is essentially a back-office
function. The use of a blockchain to record transactions does not make shares of common stock traded on the platform crypto 
assets. The Company does not operate in the crypto asset market nor is it proposing to do so with the BDTP TM . 

20 

Table of Contents 

Additional Features of the BDTP Platform 

The BDTP platform will contain three
features: (1) the main trading feature as discussed above, (2) an indication of interest feature for future offerings, and (3)
a corporate governance feature. 

The indication of interest feature, known as
the Internet Digital Offering or IDO , is expected to record indications of interest for potential,
initial or secondary future offerings proposed by the public or private company that subscribes to our customized platform. The
distributive ledger technology on a blockchain would enable them to gauge interest on a first come, first serve basis. The IDO 
feature is only for use in self-underwriting situations and includes a method of facilitating a public or private offering for
a company on an immutable blockchain. This may consist of the subscriber company uploading a preliminary prospectus to the platform
if they are interested in raising capital, collecting a list of company shareholders, and collecting a list of non-company shareholders
who have met at least a minimum threshold for potential interest in investing in the company, then prioritizing potential investors
meeting the set requirements by the recorded timestamp and distributing the offering materials to them at the appropriate time
in compliance with existing securities rules and regulations. 

The final feature would record corporate governance
information about a public company on an immutable blockchain. This may include a method of preparing for and complying with a
financial statement audit, recording general corporate matters, recording financial and accounting matters, recording tax filing
matters, on the immutable blockchain at least every 30 days, wherein each recording comprises a time stamp of receipt and cannot
be subsequently manipulated or changed. We currently expect that the corporate governance and indication of interest features can
be made available to regulators in real-time. 

Licensing the BDTP Platform With
An Existing Trading System 

The BDTP platform is designed to be
licensed to any company, together with an existing ATS arrangement to execute and process trades, for implementation by the licensee.
These electronic fungible shares will trade on the BDTP platform exactly as shares of stock currently trade on OTC Markets,
without markup or markdown in true spot transactions. Any company will be able to license and use our system or platform
to trade electronic fungible shares. 

We currently intend to seek a contractual arrangement
such as a license with an existing ATS for a quoting service, similar to the current listing of our common stock with OTC Markets
Group. At this time, no ATS has committed to an arrangement. We intend to continue having discussions with various ATS s
until we have secured an arrangement that will allow the BDTP platform to operate. 

We have spoken to broker-dealers and clearing
firms throughout the development process but have yet to secure a contractual relationship. We will continue to seek out this licensee
and have increased our efforts to reach out to various broker-dealers since completing the demonstration platform and hope to secure
a licensee within the next three to six months. The ability to obtain a licensee may be dependent on our ability to confirm that
FINRA and the SEC will allow trading on the BDTP platform as described. If this is the case, the Company may alternatively
seek to acquire an existing broker-dealer in order to become a registered broker-dealer. Once we have secured a licensee broker-dealer,
clearing firm, or ATS for the operations of the BDTP platform, we will seek subscriber companies desiring customized platforms. 

Once the BDTP platform is live and formal
arrangements have been finalized with an existing ATS to execute and reports trades, the Company intends to license the platform
to other publicly traded companies as a subscription service with a company specific customizable interface operation through a
substantially similar license with the existing ATS. This subscription service, BlackStar s Blockchain Equity Trading 
or BET , would enable each subscribing company to have access to their own trading platform, based upon our core platform,
where shares of their common stock could be traded. The technical platform operations and updates will be managed by Artuova, through
our oversight and direction. The software building of additional platforms for subscriber companies may take as little as a few
business days. We have not yet developed our marketing campaign to seek out these customers, but plan to do 

21 

Table of Contents 

so after securing a license with an existing
ATS. We anticipate our overall expansion of services into the blockchain industry within the next twelve months. 

The initiation of operations of the BDTP 
platform will be dependent on the exact arrangement that we enter into and the regulatory approvals that may be required (see Regulatory
Challenges below). 

Existing Financing 

We currently have no committed source for funding
our operations but have entered into convertible promissory notes to continue operations in the interim, as disclosed in our most
recent quarterly report for the period ended September 30, 2022. On September 1, 2021, we entered into a convertible promissory
note with Power Up Lending Group, Ltd. for 53,750 (see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2021 and incorporated
by reference herein); on October 1, 2021, we entered into a convertible promissory note with Power Up Lending Group, Ltd. for 78,750
(see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 26, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein); and on October 11, 2021, we entered
into a convertible promissory note with GS Capital Partners, LLC for 60,000 (see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October
26, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein). On November 29, 2021, we entered into a convertible promissory note with Sixth
Street Lending LLC for 45,750 (see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein).
On February 14, 2022, we entered into a convertible promissory note with Sixth Street Lending LLC for 55,750 (see the Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). On May 5, 2022, the Company entered into a financing
agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC to borrow 55,750 (see the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 21, 2022 and
incorporated by reference herein). On August 30, 2022, the Company entered into a financing agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending
LLC to borrow 43,750 (see the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 21, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein).
On October 31, 2022, the Company entered into a financing agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC to borrow 55,000 (see the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 21, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein). We anticipate that we will need 500,000
over the next six months for the establishment of the license with a licensee and to initiate platform operations; the Company
had a cash balance of 62,085 as of December 31, 2022. 

Blockchain Equity Management Corp. 

BlackStar is conducting a continuing
analysis for the Company s involvement in Distributed Ledger Technology DLT related ventures. To pursue that
end, the Company formed a subsidiary, Blockchain Equity Management Corp. BEMC ), formerly known as Crypto Equity
Management Corp., on September 30, 2017. The name change occurred on February 3, 2023 in order to align the subsidiary more closely
with our proposed business plan. As a merchant bank, BlackStar intends to seek to provide access to capital for companies and is
specifically seeking out ventures involved in DLT. BlackStar recognizes the similarities in the rapidly evolving DLT ecosystem
today compared to the Dot Com era in the 90 s, which present both challenges and opportunities. BlackStar intends to facilitate
funding and management of DLT involved companies through majority controlled joint ventures BEMC. BlackStar, through BEMC, intends
to initially control and manage each venture. Potential ventures for both BlackStar and BEMC will be analyzed using the combined
business experience of its executives, with BEMC looking to fill those venture criteria with companies in digital share related
businesses such as blockchain or DLT technologies. The Company does not intend to develop Investment Objectives or criteria 
in any manner but will rely on the acumen and experience of its executives. BEMC is currently non-operational, inactive and has
no business or clients at this time. It is intended to offer advisory services as to how to implement use of a custom platform
for the client s equity based off of the BDTP TM . BEMC has not established
any anticipated time frames or key milestones for BEMC business. 

In addition, BlackStar intends to offer
consulting and regulatory compliance services to blockchain and DLT companies and blockchain entrepreneurs for securities, tax,
and commodity issues. BlackStar is conducting ongoing analysis for opportunities in involvement in electronic fungible share-related
ventures though BEMC, mainly in the areas of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies. Our long-term plan for provision of
services is to finance the operations of BEMC through the successful production of the BDTP TM platform and subsequent
subscription of the platform s design as a service. As a subsidiary of BlackStar, BEMC additionally intends to offer consulting
and regulatory compliance services to digital share related entities and blockchain entrepreneurs for securities, tax, and commodity
issues. Our Company has always operated under the assumption that cryptocurrencies and tokens are 

22 

Table of Contents 

securities and regulated
under the existing law, SEC rules and other financial regulations. Due to significant experience of our management in the U.S.
securities and commodities industry, we felt that we had regulatory compliance backgrounds that could be useful in assisting with
regulatory compliance for former cryptocurrency offerors and token offerors. Management believes that there may be other companies
offering unregistered securities in digital form with possible violations of securities and other laws including FinCen regulation,
CFTC rules, exchange rules, AML, and tax laws. The concept of BEMC as a subsidiary of BlackStar is to provide compliance services
for the multitude of laws that are applicable to digital securities. Currently in the testing and completion phase, BlackStar intends
to build trading platforms for subscriber companies based on the BDTP TM model and offer the platforms through a subscription
service called BlackStar Blockchain Equity Trading TM BET ), generating ongoing revenue for
the Company. 

Neither BEMC nor BlackStar intend to
underwrite these entities or entrepreneurial companies, nor do we intend to act as broker-dealers or investment companies, though
we acknowledge the potential requirements to register as such or to claim exemption from registration. 

Blockchain Equity Management Corp. is
not currently operational, nor has it been since inception. The specific type and nature of services to be provided by BEMC may
change based on whether the BDTP TM platform is able to ever begin services. 

Blockchain Equity SRO, Inc. 

In addition to the services described
above, on December 31, 2017, BlackStar formed a subsidiary nonprofit company, Crypto Industry SRO Inc., now known as Blockchain
Equity SRO, Inc., a self-regulatory membership organization for the digital share industry. The name change was completed on February
3, 2023. It is not yet functioning in any capacity at this time. 

Regulatory Challenges of our Business
Concept (BDTP TM 

BlackStar has always recognized that
digital equities must be registered or otherwise have an exemption from registration within the existing SEC regulations and guidelines.
BlackStar s aim is to develop BDTP TM , a digital share trading platform, to trade free-trading BlackStar common
stock only. The regulatory challenges presented come from integration of the platform into the existing broker-dealer ecosystem,
approvals/advice of and compliance with the rules and regulations of OTC Markets Group, SEC, FinCen, IRS, anti-money laundering
rules, or FINRA. These rules encompass the functionality of the system, cybersecurity laws, and state and federal financial laws.
No assurance can be given that such regulatory approvals will be obtained in a timely manner or at all. 

SEC Approval 

Our first regulatory challenge is seeking
the approval of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC of our concept for a security that could be traded on
the BDTP TM because the SEC has not yet adopted rules or regulations specific to the digital securities industry nor
any regulations involving blockchain or distributed ledger transactions. The SEC has chosen to enforce its existing anti-fraud
laws and the registration rules and regulations. Accordingly, we must work through an undefined SEC approval process for our proposed
system. We anticipate many comments and questions from the SEC during any approval process for the BDTP platform. We anticipate
that could take one to three years to complete the approval process for the BDTP platform. 

The SEC may adopt new rules and regulations
relating to our digital based concept for trading and securities, which rules and regulations are impossible to predict at this
time. Any new rules and regulations could make our concept for digital trading and securities difficult to bring into compliance
with new rules and regulations resulting in our inability to achieve commercialization and revenues. Such events could result in
costly delays in achieving regulatory approval, resulting in increased legal, administrative, and accounting costs and delays,
or denial of revenues from our concept. 

We anticipate initiating formal discussions
with the SEC and its relevant divisions and offices, including the Division of Trading and Markets, within the next six months
with respect to seeking the approval or clearance of our BEFS being eligible to be traded on our BDTP platform. We believe
it may take between six to nine months to address 

23 

Table of Contents 

SEC comments and questions, and there
is no assurance that we will be successful in our BEFS being approved or cleared for trading on our BDTM platform. 

We have no way of knowing at this date
what new rules and regulations the SEC or any other regulatory body may adopt which could impact the structure and the timing of
approval or clearance of any uncertificated shares on our BDTP platform in the future and there is a significant potential impact
of any future adoption of new rules and regulations, which could delay our attempt to trade uncertificated shares on our BDTP platform. 

FINRA 

Our next regulatory challenge is that
our concept requires implementation by a broker dealer registered with FINRA. We do not anticipate registering our company
as a broker dealer, but instead would contract with a broker dealer to act as our agent/intermediary for our concept, thereby alleviating
our Company of all regulatory compliance issues of a broker dealer. 

As with the SEC, the broker dealer may
be challenged due to the fact FINRA has no developed rules and regulations involving digital trading of shares specifically. FINRA
has, however, chosen to raise disclosure requirements and to conduct heightened examinations for broker dealers as to any involvement
in the digital industry, with intent to bring enforcement actions for violations of SEC regulations or FINRA rules, and disciplinary
actions against broker dealers for any such violations. As a direct result, it may be difficult to find a broker dealer willing
to be in vanguard of the digital trading and securities industry involving our concept even if we are able to achieve SEC
approval for our digital trading platform. Although we will continue to pursue both formal and informal discussions with both the
SEC and a FINRA regulated broker dealer concurrently, we do not believe it would be constructive to commence substantive negotiations
with a FINRA regulated broker dealer until we have substantially completed the SEC approval process. Once we believe we have substantially
completed the SEC approval process, we believe it may take an additional six to twelve months to reach agreement with a FINRA regulated
broker dealer. 

We do not believe that FINRA is a major regulatory
hurdle because upon registration as a Registered Security FINRA broker dealers can choose to trade it or not. FINRA
cannot directly regulate the security. It can regulate any ATS as to FINRA Rules if it is also FINRA registered (due to the requirement
of a Broker Dealer license), but that depends primarily on SEC regulation of the ATS. 

Alternative Trading
System 

The final significant regulatory challenge
involves the Alternative Trading System ATS as defined under 17 CFR 242.300. We understand the SEC position
on digital securities to be that digital assets are required to be traded through an ATS, with which we agree. An ATS must comply
with many control, regulatory, reporting, securities, inspection, procedural, and disclosure requirements. The SEC however has
not yet proposed regulations for ATS trading of digital securities and is treating ATS applications under existing regulations. 

We do not intend to attempt to
register as an ATS but rather will seek to contract with an existing ATS to license our platform (if approved by regulatory agencies)
for the ATS use and management. Our platform will operate just as any other software platform used for trading by an ATS or broker/dealer.
We believe this is ultimately the best solution from a regulatory standpoint to have the existing ATS manage those requirements
for compliance with SEC and FINRA rules and regulations. 

It could take one year to eighteen months,
to prove the concept to an existing ATS and then to properly integrate operations into the ATS monitoring and regulatory systems.
The ATS would need to obtain SEC approval to add the BDTP TM platform to its existing trading platform which could take
one year to eighteen months. 

We cannot at this time anticipate every
regulatory action of the digital security industry in the future. No proposals for regulation have even reached published proposal
stage. New regulations of the digital securities industry could render our business either impossible due to the nature of regulations,
or uneconomical, which would doom our concept. 

24 

Table of Contents 

We do not have any time frame for achieving
any of the regulatory challenges although we believe that it may take between one to three years before the BDTP TM 
platform is operational with all required regulatory approvals. 

The SEC may place additional oversight focus
on broker-dealers in the following areas due to the digital nature of the securities: safekeeping of funds and operations that
are unique to the safety and custody of Digital Asset Securities; broker-dealers and any affiliated entities compliance
with registration requirements; adequate AML procedures, controls, and documentation regarding Digital Asset Securities; disclosure
and due diligence obligations related to the offering of Digital Asset Securities; review of the existence and disclosures of conflicts
of interest and the compliance policies and procedures to address them (e.g. broker-dealers may operate in multiple capacities,
including as trading platforms or proprietary traders of Digital Asset Securities on their own and other platforms); and review
of FINRA-member broker-dealer compliance processes in connection with the evaluation, approval, and monitoring of outside business
activities related to digital assets. Many of these compliance issues will remain if we license with a broker-dealer instead of
acquiring one. 

Volatility of Cryptocurrencies and
Tax Implications Neither BlackStar nor BEMC will be trading in, accepting loan repayments in, or making loans in cryptocurrencies;
the intent was to build a platform on which to trade digital securities of BlackStar on a private blockchain. 

Cybersecurity Implications of DLT
 Transactions on the distributed ledger fabric are protected by public-key X.509 certificates. The protection of PII
data is the responsibility of each brokerage dealer. Any blockchain code used will be placed in a public repository after having
been certified by an independent cybersecurity audit. Further, BEMC bases the operational requirements and cyber-security framework
in part on the following publications the Distributed Ledger Technology: Implications of Blockchain for the Securities Industry 
published by FINRA, and the European Union Agency for Network and Information Security (ENISA) report entitled Distributed
Ledger Technology Cybersecurity. 

DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES/ASSETS 

Real Estate - None 

Oil and Gas Properties
- None 

Patents - None 

Trademarks BlackStar Digital Trading Platform
 TM , BDTP TM , Internet Digital Offering TM , IDO TM , Blockchain Equity Trading TM 

25 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

THIS DOCUMENT INCLUDES FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, STATEMENTS RELATING TO BLACKSTAR S PLANS, STRATEGIES, OBJECTIVES, EXPECTATIONS, INTENTIONS
AND ADEQUACY OF RESOURCES. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES, AND OTHER FACTORS THAT
MAY CAUSE OUR COMPANY S ACTUAL RESULTS, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS, PERFORMANCE
OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE FACTORS INCLUDE, AMONG OTHERS, THE FOLLOWING: OUR
ABILITY OF TO IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY; ABILITY TO OBTAIN ADDITIONAL FINANCING; BLACKSTAR S LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY;
UNKNOWN LIABILITIES ASSOCIATED WITH FUTURE ACQUISITIONS; ABILITY TO MANAGE GROWTH; SIGNIFICANT COMPETITION; ABILITY TO ATTRACT
AND RETAIN TALENTED EMPLOYEES; AND FUTURE GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS; AND OTHER FACTORS DESCRIBED IN THIS FILING OR IN OTHER OF BLACKSTAR S
FILINGS WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. BLACKSTAR IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO PUBLICLY UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS, WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEW INFORMATION, FUTURE EVENTS OR OTHERWISE. 

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY 

OUR SUCCESS WILL DEPEND, TO A LARGE DEGREE,
ON THE EXPERTISE AND EXPERIENCE OF THE MEMBERS OF OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM. 

We will rely exclusively on the skills and
expertise of our management team in conducting our business. Our management team has experience in identifying, evaluating and
acquiring prospective businesses for which we may ultimately provide loans, but there is no assurance our managements assessments
will be successful in placing loans which are repaid with interest. Accordingly, there is only a limited basis upon
which to evaluate our prospects for achieving our intended business objectives. 

We will be wholly dependent for the selection,
structuring, closing and monitoring of all of our investments on the diligence and skill of our management team, under the supervision
of our Board of Directors. There can be no assurance that we will attain our investment objective. The management team will have
primary responsibility for the selection of companies to which we will loan or finance, the terms of such loans and the monitoring
of such investments after they are made. However, not all of the management team will devote all of their time to managing us.
These factors may affect our returns. 

We have limited resources and limited operating
history. 

OUR OPERATIONS AS A MERCHANT BANK MAY AFFECT
OUR ABILITY TO, AND THE MANNER IN WHICH, WE RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL, WHICH MAY EXPOSE US TO RISKS. 

Our business will require a substantial amount
of capital. We may acquire additional capital from the issuance of senior securities, including borrowings or other indebtedness,
or the issuance of additional shares of our common stock. However, we may not be able to raise additional capital in the future
on favorable terms or at all. We may issue debt securities, other evidences of indebtedness or preferred stock, and we may borrow
money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as "senior securities". If the value
of our businesses declines, we may be unable to satisfy loan requirements. If that happens, we may be required to liquidate a portion
of our ventures and repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. As a result of issuing
senior securities, we would also be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. If
we issue preferred stock, the preferred stock would rank "senior" to common stock in our capital structure, preferred
stockholders would have separate voting rights and might have rights, preferences, or privileges more favorable than those of our
common stockholders. If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock or 

26 

Table of Contents 

senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable
for, our common stock, then the percentage ownership of our stockholders at that time will decrease. 

WE MAY ENGAGE IN BUSINESS ACTIVITIES THAT COULD
RESULT IN US HOLDING INVESTMENT INTERESTS IN A NUMBER OF ENTITIES WHICH COULD SUBJECT US TO REGULATION UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY
ACT OF 1940. 

Although we will be subject to regulation under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we believe we will not be subject to regulation
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the "1940 Act") insofar as we will not be engaged in the business of investing
or trading in securities within the definitions and parameters which would make us subject to the 1940 Act, or holding
unconsolidated minority interests in multiple companies and cash which might fall within the holding company definitions.
In the event we engage in business activities that result in us holding investment interests in a number of nonconsolidated entities,
we might become subject to regulation under the 1940 Act. In such event, we would be required to register as an Investment Company
and incur significant registration and compliance costs. Additionally, the 1940 Act requires that a number of structural safeguards,
such as an independent board of directors and a separate investment adviser whose contract must be approved by a majority of the
company s shareholders, be put in place within such companies. The 1940 Act also imposes significant disclosure and reporting
requirements beyond those found in the Securities Act and the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Likewise, the
1940 Act contains its own anti-fraud provisions and private remedies, and it strictly limits investments made by one investment
company in another to prevent pyramiding of investment companies, leading to consolidated investment companies acting in the interest
of other investment companies rather than in the interest of securities holders. The labeling of the Company as an investment company
could significantly impair our business plan and operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Compliance
with the 1940 Act is prohibitively expensive for small companies, in our estimation, and even if it meant divestiture of assets,
we would intend to avoid being classified as an Investment Company. 

WE ARE DEPENDENT UPON OUR PART-TIME MANAGEMENT
FOR OUR SUCCESS WHICH IS A RISK TO OUR INVESTORS. 

Our lack of full-time management may be an
impediment to our business achievement. Without full-time officers, we may not have sufficient devoted time and effort to find
successful loan prospects, additional capital, or manage our loan portfolio, which could impair our ability to succeed in our business
plan and could cause investment in our Company to lose value. 

WE HAVE A LIMITED AMOUNT OF FUNDS AVAILABLE
FOR INVESTMENT IN VENTURES AND AS A RESULT OUR VENTURES MAY LACK DIVERSIFICATION. 

Based on the amount of our existing available
funds, it is unlikely that we will be able to commit our funds to loans to large number of ventures. We intend to operate as a
diversified merchant bank. Prospective investors should understand that our venture investments are not, and in the future may
not be, substantially diversified. We may not achieve the same level of diversification as larger entities engaged in similar activities.
Therefore, our assets may be subject to greater risk of loss than if they were more widely diversified. The loss of one or more
of our limited number of investments could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

WE HAVE A LACK OF REVENUE HISTORY AND STOCKHOLDERS
CANNOT VIEW OUR PAST PERFORMANCE SINCE WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY. 

We were incorporated on December 17, 2007 for
the purpose of engaging in any lawful business and have adopted a plan as a small and micro-cap market merchant banking company.
During the period of inception through December 31, 2022, we have not recognized revenues. We are not profitable. We must be regarded
as a new venture with all of the unforeseen costs, expenses, problems, risks and difficulties to which such ventures are subject. 

27 

Table of Contents 

WE ARE NOT DIVERSIFIED, AND WE WILL BE DEPENDENT
ON ONLY ONE BUSINESS, MERCHANT BANKING. 

Because of the limited financial resources
that we have, it is unlikely that we will be able to diversify our operations. Our probable inability to diversify our activities
into more than one area will subject us to economic fluctuations within the merchant banking industry and therefore increase the
risks associated with our operations due to lack of diversification. 

WE CAN GIVE NO ASSURANCE OF SUCCESS OR PROFITABILITY
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS. 

There is no assurance that we will ever operate
profitably. There is no assurance that we will generate revenues or profits, or that the market price of our common stock will
be increased thereby. 

WE MAY HAVE A SHORTAGE OF WORKING CAPITAL IN
THE FUTURE WHICH COULD JEOPARDIZE OUR ABILITY TO CARRY OUT OUR BUSINESS PLAN. 

Our capital needs consist primarily of expenses
related to general and administrative, legal and accounting, and software development and could exceed 500,000 in the next twelve
months. Such funds are not currently committed, and we have cash of approximately 44,000 as of March 31, 2023. 

WE WILL NEED ADDITIONAL FINANCING FOR WHICH
WE HAVE NO COMMITMENTS, AND THIS MAY JEOPARDIZE EXECUTION OF OUR BUSINESS PLAN. 

We have limited funds, and such funds may not
be adequate to carry out our business plan in the small and micro-cap market merchant banking industry. Our ultimate success depends
upon our ability to raise additional capital. We are investigating the availability, sources, and terms that might govern the acquisition
of additional capital. 

We have no commitment at this time for additional
capital. If we need additional capital, we have no assurance that funds will be available from any source or, if available,
that they can be obtained on terms acceptable to us. If not available, our operations will be limited to those that can be financed
with our modest capital. 

WE MAY IN THE FUTURE ISSUE MORE SHARES WHICH
COULD CAUSE A LOSS OF CONTROL BY OUR PRESENT MANAGEMENT AND CURRENT STOCKHOLDERS. 

We may issue further shares as consideration
for the cash or assets or services out of our authorized but unissued common stock that would, upon issuance, represent a majority
of the voting power and equity of our Company. The result of such an issuance would be those new stockholders and management would
control our Company, and persons unknown could replace our management at this time. Such an occurrence would result in a greatly
reduced percentage of ownership of our Company by our current stockholders, which could present significant risks to stockholders. 

WE HAVE AUTHORIZED AND DESIGNATED A CLASS A
PREFERRED SUPER MAJORITY VOTING CONVERTIBLE STOCK, WHICH HAVE VOTING RIGHTS OF 60 OF OUR COMMON STOCK AT ALL TIMES. 

Class A Preferred Super Majority Voting Convertible
Stock (the Class A Preferred Stock ), of which 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock have been authorized for the Class
A out of 10,000,000 total preferred shares authorized, and which have super majority voting rights (60 over common stock voting
at all times. At this time, all shares of the Class A Preferred Stock have been issued to International Hedge Group, Inc. which
is controlled by Mr. Kurczodyna, an officer and director. 

OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS MAY HAVE CONFLICTS
OF INTERESTS AS TO CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES WHICH WE MAY NOT BE ABLE OR ALLOWED TO PARTICIPATE IN AND MAY RECEIVE COMPENSATION FROM
OUR PARENT COMPANY. 

Presently there is no requirement contained
in our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or minutes which requires officers and directors of our business to disclose to us business
opportunities which come to their attention. Our 

28 

Table of Contents 

officers and directors do, however, have a
fiduciary duty of loyalty to us to disclose to us any business opportunities which come to their attention, in their capacity as
an officer and/or director or otherwise. Excluded from this duty would be opportunities which the person learns about through his
involvement as an officer and director of another company. We have no intention of merging with or acquiring a business opportunity
from any affiliate or officer or director. Our current officers and directors also currently serve our parent company, International
Hedge Group, Inc., which may have consulting agreements with some of our venture companies and as such is a direct conflict and
such officers and directors may be paid by such parent. We intend to diversify and/or expand our Board of Directors in the future. 

WE HAVE AGREED TO INDEMNIFICATION OF OFFICERS
AND DIRECTORS AS IS PROVIDED BY DELAWARE STATUTES. 

Delaware General Corporation Laws provide for
the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances, against attorney s fees
and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities
our behalf. We will also bear the expenses of such litigation for any of our directors, officers, employees, or agents, upon such
person s promise to repay us therefore if it is ultimately determined that any such person shall not have been entitled to
indemnification. This indemnification policy could result in substantial expenditures by us that we will be unable to recoup. 

OUR DIRECTORS LIABILITY TO US AND STOCKHOLDERS
IS LIMITED 

Delaware General Corporation Laws exclude personal
liability of our directors and our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty except in certain specified circumstances.
Accordingly, we will have a much more limited right of action against our directors that otherwise would be the case. This provision
does not affect the liability of any director under federal or applicable state securities laws. 

We have no full-time employees which may impede
our ability to carry on our business. Our officers are independent consultants who devote up to 40 hours per week to Company business.
The lack of full-time employees may very well prevent the Company s operations from being efficient, and may impair the business
progress and growth, which is a risk to any investor. 

RISK FACTORS OF
OUR COMPANY 

THERE CAN BE NO CERTAINTY
AS TO MARKET ACCEPTANCE OF THE PROPOSED BDTP TM . 

The Company
has no certainty as to whether the market will accept and use the idea of the BDTP TM , should it become operational,
nor is there any certainty as to how the BDTP TM translates to profits for the Company. There is no assurance of market
acceptance or profitability of the concept or Company. The BDTP TM is not yet functional and may never be functional. 

THERE CURRENTLY IS A LIMITED LIQUID TRADING
MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK AND WE CANNOT ASSURE INVESTORS THAT A ROBUST TRADING MARKET WILL EVER DEVELOP OR BE SUSTAINED FOR OUR
COMMON STOCK. 

To date, there has been a limited trading market
for our common stock on the OTC Pink Market. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock may become. A lack of
an active market may impair an investor s ability to sell their shares at the time they wish to sell them or at a price they
consider reasonable. The lack of an active trading market may impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of capital
stock and may impair our ability to acquire other companies by using our common stock as consideration. For companies where securities
are traded in the OTC Pink Market, it is generally more difficult to obtain accurate quotations, to obtain coverage for significant
news events (because major media channels generally do not publish presses releases about such contingencies) and to obtain needed
capital. 

29 

Table of Contents 

WE MAY NOT REALIZE RETURNS ON OUR INVESTMENTS
IN VENTURES FOR SEVERAL YEARS. THUS, AN INVESTMENT IN SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK IS ONLY APPROPRIATE FOR INVESTORS WHO DO NOT NEED
SHORT TERM LIQUIDITY IN THEIR MONEY. 

We intend to make loans as quickly as possible
consistent with our business objectives in those investments that meet our criteria. However, it is likely that a significant period
of time will be required before we are able to achieve repayment and any additional value from warrants or stock conversions that
we hold in an eligible venture company. 

COMPETITION FOR LOANS AND INVESTMENTS. 

We expect to encounter competition from other
entities having similar business objectives, some of whom may have greater resources than us. Historically, the primary competition
for venture capital investments has been from venture capital funds and corporations, venture capital affiliates of large industrial
and financial companies, small business investment companies, and wealthy individuals. Additional competition is anticipated from
foreign investors and from large industrial and financial companies investing directly rather than through venture capital affiliates.
Virtually all of our competitors will have a competitive advantage and are much larger. The need to compete for loans or investment
opportunities may make it necessary for us to offer venture companies more attractive transaction terms than otherwise might be
the case. We anticipate being a co-investor with other venture capital groups, and these relationships with other groups may expand
our access to business opportunities. 

RISKS OF COMPETITION FOR OUR VENTURE COMPANIES. 

Most emerging markets are highly competitive.
We anticipate that nearly all our venture companies will compete against firms with greater financial resources, more extensive
development, manufacturing, marketing, and service capabilities, and a larger number of qualified managerial and technical personnel. 

ILLIQUID NATURE OF OUR INVESTMENTS. 

We anticipate that substantially all of our
ventures (other than short-term investments) will consist of controlling interests in ventures that at the time of acquisition
are unmarketable, illiquid and for which no ready market will exist, if such a market does in fact exist. Our venture investments
are intended to be in companies in which we will have controlling interest and will be privately negotiated transactions. There
is not anticipated to be any market for the ventures until such until such have developed successful businesses. 

Because of the illiquid nature of our venture
investments, a substantial portion of our assets will be carried on our books adjusted for accrued losses, depreciation and impairment
which could in some cases result in a write off. This value will not necessarily reflect the amount which could be realized upon
a sale, or payoff in the future. 

RISKS OF OUR NEED FOR ADDITIONAL CAPITAL TO
FUND OUR VENTURE COMPANIES. 

We expect that most venture companies will
require additional financing to satisfy their working capital requirements. The amount of additional financing needed will depend
upon the maturity and objectives of the particular opportunity. Each round of venture financing (whether from us or other investors)
is typically intended to provide a venture company with enough capital to reach the next major valuation milestone. If the funds
provided are not sufficient, a company may have to raise additional capital at a price or at terms unfavorable to the existing
investors, including our Company. This additional financing or the availability of any form of equity or debt capital is generally
a function of capital market conditions that are beyond our control or any venture company. Our management team may not be able
to predict accurately the future capital requirements necessary for success of our Company or venture companies. Additional funds
may not be available from any source. 

OUR VENTURE PORTFOLIO IS AND MAY CONTINUE TO
BE CONCENTRATED IN A LIMITED NUMBER OF VENTURE COMPANIES AND INDUSTRIES, WHICH WILL SUBJECT US TO A RISK OF SIGNIFICANT LOSS IF
ANY OF THESE COMPANIES FAIL OR BY A DOWNTURN IN THE PARTICULAR INDUSTRY. 

Our venture is and may continue to be concentrated
in a limited number of venture companies and industries. We do not have fixed guidelines for diversification, and since we are
targeting some specific industries, our venture 

30 

Table of Contents 

investments could continue to be, concentrated
in relatively few industries. As a result, the aggregate returns we realize may be significantly adversely affected if our venture
investments perform poorly or if we need to write down the value of any one investment. Additionally, a downturn in any particular
industry in which we are invested could also significantly impact the aggregate returns we realize. 

WE INTEND TO CONTROL ALL OF OUR VENTURES. 

We will control all of our venture companies,
and we will maintain financial supervision until divestiture, spin-off or liquidation. 

WE MAY NOT REALIZE GAINS FROM OUR VENTURES. 

Our goal is ultimately to dispose of our control
interests we receive from our venture companies to attempt to realize gains upon our disposition of such interests by sale, for
cash spin-off, or liquidation. However, any interests we hold may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly,
we may not be able to realize gains from any venture interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any venture
interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. 

THE INABILITY OF OUR VENTURE COMPANIES TO COMMERCIALIZE
THEIR TECHNOLOGIES OR CREATE OR DEVELOP COMMERCIALLY VIABLE PRODUCTS OR BUSINESSES WOULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR INVESTMENT
RETURNS. 

The possibility that our venture companies
will not be able to commercialize their technology, products or business concepts presents significant risks to the value of our
ventures. Additionally, although some of our venture companies may already have a commercially successful product or product line
when we invest, technology related products and services often have a more limited market or life span than have products in other
industries. Thus, the ultimate success of these venture companies often depends on their ability to continually innovate in increasingly
competitive markets. Their inability to do so could affect our investment return. We cannot assure you that any of our venture
companies will successfully acquire or develop any new technologies, or that the intellectual property the companies currently
hold will remain viable. Even if our venture companies are able to develop commercially viable products, the market for new products
and services is highly competitive and rapidly changing. Neither our venture companies nor we have any control over the pace of
technology development. Commercial success is difficult to predict, and the marketing efforts of our venture companies may not
be successful. 

RISK FACTORS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS 

WE HAVE INCURRED SIGNIFICANT LOSSES AND ANTICIPATE
FUTURE LOSSES. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated
deficit of (9,374,967). 

Future losses are likely to occur until we
are able to receive returns on our loans and investments since we have no other sources of income to meet our operating expenses.
As a result of these, among other factors, we received from our registered independent public accountants in their report for the
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2014 through 2022, an explanatory paragraph stating that there is substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

OUR EXISTING FINANCIAL RESOURCES ARE INSUFFICIENT
TO MEET OUR ONGOING OPERATING EXPENSES. 

We have no sources of income at this time and
insufficient assets to meet our ongoing operating expenses. In the short term, unless we are able to raise additional debt and,
or, equity we shall be unable to meet our ongoing operating expenses. On a longer-term basis, we intend to merge with another entity
with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders.
There can be no assurance that these events will be successfully completed. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Unfavorable
conditions in our industry or the global economy or reduCED ACCESS TO LENDING MARKETS could harm our business. 

Our results of operations may vary based on
the impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on us or our potential customers. Current or future economic uncertainties
or downturns could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Negative conditions in the general economy both in
the United States and abroad, including conditions resulting from changes in gross domestic product growth, financial and credit
market fluctuations, political turmoil, natural catastrophes, warfare, public health issues, such as the recent outbreak of coronavirus
(COVID-19), and terrorist attacks on the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific region, or elsewhere, could cause a decrease in
business investments or decrease access to financing which would harm our business. To the extent that our platform is perceived
by potential customers as too costly, or difficult to deploy or migrate to, our revenue may be disproportionately affected by delays
or reductions in general technology spending. Also, we may have competitors, many of whom may be larger and have greater financial
resources than we do and may respond to market conditions by attempting to lure away our customers. We cannot predict the timing,
strength, or duration of any economic slowdown, instability, or recovery, generally or within any particular industry. 

BECAUSE INSIDERS CONTROL OUR ACTIVITIES, THAT
MAY CAUSE US TO ACT IN A MANNER THAT IS MOST BENEFICIAL TO THEM AND NOT TO OUTSIDE SHAREHOLDERS WHICH COULD CAUSE US NOT TO TAKE
ACTIONS THAT OUTSIDE INVESTORS MIGHT VIEW FAVORABLY 

Our executive officers, directors, and holders
of 5 or more of our issued and outstanding common stock, including International Hedge Group, Inc., beneficially own approximately
2.22 of our issued and outstanding common stock, in addition to the Super Majority Voting Class A Preferred Stock. As a result,
they effectively control all matters requiring director and stockholder approval, including the election of directors, the approval
of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers and related party transaction. These insiders also have the ability to delay
or perhaps even block, by their ownership of our stock, an unsolicited tender offer. This concentration of ownership could have
the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our company that you might view favorably. 

OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS HAVE THE ABILITY
TO EFFECTIVELY CONTROL SUBSTANTIALLY ALL ACTIONS TAKEN BY STOCKHOLDERS. 

Mr. Kurczodyna, an officer and director of
the Company and of our parent, International Hedge Group, Inc. IHG ), controls approximately 1.47 of our issued
and outstanding common stock and 100 of our issued and outstanding preferred shares through IHG plus his own holdings; he has
significant influence over all actions taken by our stockholders, including the election of directors, based on the BlackStar Super
Majority Voting Class A Preferred Stock held by IHG. On December 18, 2020, the IHG shareholders voted to issue 1,000,000 IHG Class
A Preferred shares to Mr. Kurczodyna as compensation for services provided to IHG, giving Mr. Kurczodyna supermajority voting rights
over IHG and the ability to convert the IHG Class A Preferred Stock into shares of IHG common stock at the rate of one (1) IHG
Class A Preferred for two-hundred ten (210) IHG common shares. This is a significant increase to the control of IHG by Mr. Kurczodyna,
which effectively means that Mr. Kurczodyna has control of BlackStar through IHG s ownership of BlackStar Super Majority
Voting Class A Preferred Stock. Mr. LaPointe owns 0.06 of the issued and outstanding common stock. 

Such concentration of ownership could also
have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a change in control that might otherwise be beneficial to stockholders and
may also discourage the market for our stock due to the concentration. 

WE MAY DEPEND UPON OUTSIDE ADVISORS, WHO MAY
NOT BE AVAILABLE ON REASONABLE TERMS AND AS NEEDED. 

To supplement the business experience of our
officers and directors, we may be required to employ accountants, technical experts, appraisers, attorneys, or other consultants
or advisors. Our Board without any input from stockholders will make the selection of any such advisors. Furthermore, it is anticipated
that such persons may be engaged on an as needed basis without a continuing fiduciary or other obligation to us.
In the event we consider it necessary to hire outside advisors, we may elect to hire persons who are affiliates, if they are able
to provide the required services. 

32 

Table of Contents 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR VENTURE INVESTMENTS 

THE INABILITY OF OUR VENTURE COMPANIES TO ADEQUATELY
EXECUTE THEIR GROWTH OR EXPANSION STRATEGIES WOULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON OUR LOAN OR INVESTMENT RETURNS. 

The possibility that our venture companies
will not be able to fully carry out or execute on their expansion or growth plans presents significant risk. Our venture investments
success in our subsidiary companies will ultimately depend on the success of our ventures. If the intended expansion or growth
plan that was one of the main reasons we had originally formed the venture does not come to fruition or is otherwise impeded, the
value of the venture may negatively reflect this information, making our investment not profitable or may subject us to a substantial
loss. In such case, we may incur an entire loss of our investment. 

OUR VENTURE COMPANIES WILL LIKELY HAVE SIGNIFICANT
COMPETITION FROM MORE ESTABLISHED COMPANIES AS WELL AS INNOVATIVE EARLY-STAGE COMPANIES. 

Emerging growth companies often face significant
competition, both from early-stage companies and from more established companies. Early-stage competitors may have strategic capabilities
such as an innovative management team or an ability to react quickly to changing market conditions, while more established companies
may possess significantly more experience and greater financial resources than our venture companies. These factors could affect
our investment returns. 

OUR INVESTMENT RETURNS WILL DEPEND ON THE SUCCESS
OF OUR VENTURES AND, ULTIMATELY, THE ABILITIES OF THEIR KEY PERSONNEL. 

Our success will depend upon the success of
our ventures. Their success, in turn, will depend in large part upon the abilities of their key personnel. The day-to-day operations
of our ventures will remain the responsibility of their key personnel. The loss of one or a few key managers can hinder or delay
a company s implementation of its business plan. Our ventures may not be able to attract qualified managers and personnel.
Any inability to do so may negatively impact our financial picture. 

SOME OF OUR VENTURE COMPANIES MAY NEED ADDITIONAL
CAPITAL, WHICH MAY NOT BE READILY AVAILABLE. 

Ventures in which we may make investments will
often require substantial additional financing to fully execute their growth strategies. Each round of venture financing is typically
intended to provide a company with only enough capital to reach the next stage of development, or in the case of our financings,
the turn-around stage or offering stage which might provide us with a liquidity event. We cannot predict the circumstances or market
conditions under which our ventures may seek additional capital. It is possible that one or more of our ventures will not be able
to raise additional financing or may be able to do so at a price or on terms which are unfavorable to us, either of which could
negatively impact our success. A likely economic downturn due to the recent pandemic known as coronavirus (COVID-19) may also cause
lasting damage to the markets and potential ventures, from capital access and lack of investment issues to staffing and supply
chain issues. 

RISKS RELATING TO OWNERSHIP OF 

BLACKSTAR ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. COMMON STOCK 

A LIMITED PUBLIC MARKET EXISTS FOR OUR COMMON
STOCK AT THIS TIME, AND THERE IS NO ASSURANCE OF A FUTURE MARKET. 

There is a limited public market for our common
stock, and no assurance can be given that a market will continue or that a shareholder ever will be able to liquidate his investment
without considerable delay, if at all. If a market should continue, the price may be highly volatile. Factors such as those discussed
in the Risk Factors section may have a significant impact upon the market price of the shares offered hereby. Due
to the low price of our securities, many brokerage firms may not be willing to effect transactions in our securities. Even if a
purchaser finds a broker willing to effect a transaction in our shares, the combination of brokerage commissions, state transfer
taxes, if any, and any 

33 

Table of Contents 

other selling costs may exceed the selling
price. Further, many lending institutions will not permit the use of our shares as collateral for any loans. 

OUR STOCK WILL, IN ALL LIKELIHOOD, BE THINLY
TRADED AND AS A RESULT YOU MAY BE UNABLE TO SELL AT OR NEAR ASK PRICES OR AT ALL IF YOU NEED TO LIQUIDATE YOUR SHARES. 

The shares of our common stock may be thinly-traded
and even more so as our shares trade on OTC Pink. We are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers,
institutional stockholders and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we
came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven, early stage company
such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of any of our securities until such time as we became more seasoned and viable.
As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our securities is minimal or non-existent,
as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous
sales without an adverse effect on Securities price. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading
market for our common securities will develop or be sustained, or that any trading levels will be sustained. Due to these conditions,
we can give stockholders no assurance that they will be able to sell their shares at or near ask prices or at all if they need
money or otherwise desire to liquidate their securities. 

OUR COMMON STOCK MAY BE VOLATILE, WHICH SUBSTANTIALLY
INCREASES THE RISK THAT YOU MAY NOT BE ABLE TO SELL YOUR SECURITIES AT OR ABOVE THE PRICE THAT YOU MAY PAY FOR THE SECURITY. 

Because of the possible price volatility, you
may not be able to sell your shares of common stock when you desire to do so. The inability to sell your securities in a rapidly
declining market may substantially increase your risk of loss because of such illiquidity and because the price for our securities
may suffer greater declines because of our price volatility. 

The price of our common stock that will prevail
in the market after this offering may be higher or lower than the price you may pay. Certain factors, some of which are beyond
our control, that may cause our share price to fluctuate significantly include, but are not limited to the following: 

Variations in our quarterly operating results; 

 Loss of a key relationship or failure to complete significant transactions; 

 Additions or departures of key personnel; 

 Fluctuations in stock market price and volume; 

 Changes to the Distributed Ledger Technology industry; and 

 Regulatory developments, particularly those affecting digital shares. 

Additionally, in recent years the stock market
in general, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. In some cases, these fluctuations are unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of the underlying company. These market and industry factors may materially and adversely affect our
stock price, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, class action litigation often has been brought against companies
following periods of volatility in the market price of those company s common stock. If we become involved in this type of
litigation in the future, it could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could
have a further negative effect on your investment in our stock. 

THE REGULATION OF PENNY STOCKS BY THE SEC AND
FINRA MAY DISCOURAGE THE TRADABILITY OF OUR SECURITIES. 

We are a penny stock company,
as our stock price is less than 5.00 per share. If we are able to obtain an exchange listing for our stock, we cannot make an
assurance that we will be able to maintain a stock price greater than 5.00 per share and if the share price was to fall to such
prices, that we wouldn t be subject to the Penny Stocks rules. None of our securities currently trade in any market and,
if ever available for trading, will be subject to a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that imposes special sales practice
requirements upon broker-dealers who sell such 

34 

Table of Contents 

securities to persons other than established
customers or accredited stockholders. For purposes of the rule, the phrase accredited stockholders means, in general
terms, institutions with assets in excess of 5,000,000, or individuals having a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or having an
annual income that exceeds 200,000 (or that, when combined with a spouse s income, exceeds 300,000). For transactions covered
by the rule, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Effectively, this discourages broker-dealers from executing trades in penny
stocks. Consequently, the rule will affect the ability of purchasers in this offering to sell their securities in any market that
might develop therefore because it imposes additional regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. 

In addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission
has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stocks". Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4,
15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Because our securities constitute penny
stocks within the meaning of the rules, the rules would apply to us and to our securities. The rules will further affect
the ability of owners of shares to sell our securities in any market that might develop for them because it imposes additional
regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. 

Stockholders should be aware that, according
to Securities and Exchange Commission, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse.
Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter
or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases;
(iii) boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced
sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale
dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired consequent investor
losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect
to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive
within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 

Inventory in penny stocks have limited remedies
in the event of violations of penny stock rules. While the courts are always available to seek remedies for fraud against us, most,
if not all, brokerages require their customers to sign mandatory arbitration agreements in conjunctions with opening trading accounts.
Such arbitration may be through an independent arbiter. Stockholders may file a complaint with FINRA against the broker allegedly
at fault, and FINRA may be the arbiter, under FINRA rules. Arbitration rules generally limit discovery and provide more expedient
adjudication, but also provide limited remedies in damages usually only the actual economic loss in the account. Stockholders should
understand that if a fraud case is filed an against a company in the courts it may be vigorously defended and may take years and
great legal expenses and costs to pursue, which may not be economically feasible for small stockholders. 

That absent arbitration agreements, specific
legal remedies available to stockholders of penny stocks include the following: 

- If a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements
listed above, or other federal or states securities laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund
of the investment. 

- If a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner,
the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms that committed the fraud for damages. 

The fact that we are a penny stock company
will cause many brokers to refuse to handle transactions in the stocks, and may discourage trading activity and volume, or result
in wide disparities between bid and ask prices. These may cause stockholders significant illiquidity of the stock at a price at
which they may wish to sell or in the opportunity to complete a sale. Stockholders will have no effective legal remedies for these
illiquidity issues. 

WE WILL PAY NO FORESEEABLE DIVIDENDS IN THE
FUTURE. 

We have not paid dividends on our common stock
and do not ever anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable future. Stockholders whose investment criteria are dependent
on dividends should not invest in our common stock. 

35 

Table of Contents 

RULE 144 SALES IN THE FUTURE MAY HAVE A DEPRESSIVE
EFFECT ON OUR STOCK PRICE. 

All of the outstanding shares of common stock
are held by our present officers, directors, and affiliate stockholders as "restricted securities" within the meaning
of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. As restricted shares, these shares may be resold only pursuant to an
effective registration statement or under the requirements of Rule 144 or other applicable exemptions from registration under the
Act and as required under applicable state securities laws. Rule 144 provides in essence that a person who has held restricted
securities for six months may, under certain conditions, sell every three months, in brokerage transactions, a number of shares
that does not exceed the greater of 1.0 of a company's outstanding common stock or the average weekly trading volume during the
four calendar weeks prior to the sale. There is no limit on the amount of restricted securities that may be sold by a non-affiliate
after the owner has held the restricted securities for a period of two years. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption
from the Act, if available, or pursuant to subsequent registration of shares of common stock of present stockholders, may have
a depressive effect upon the price of the common stock in any market that may develop. 

OUR STOCKHOLDERS MAY SUFFER FUTURE DILUTION
DUE TO ISSUANCES OF SHARES FOR VARIOUS CONSIDERATIONS IN THE FUTURE. 

There may be substantial dilution to BlackStar
Enterprise Group, Inc. stockholders as a result of future decisions of the Board to issue shares without shareholder approval for
cash, services, or acquisitions. 

WE ARE A REPORTING COMPANY 

We are subject to the reporting requirements
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, Section 13a, due to the effectiveness of our Registration Statement on Form 10 under
Section 12(g) which became effective on or about February 27, 2017. As a result, stockholders will have access to the information
required to be reported by publicly held companies under the Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder. As a result, we will
be subject to legal and accounting expenses that private companies are not subject to and this could affect our ability to generate
operating income. 

WE HAVE NOT IDENTIFIED ANY OTHER VENTURES IN
WHICH WE MAY INVEST IN A VENTURE. 

We have only loaned money to one company, Meshworks
Media Corporation, (and that loan has been assigned) and it may take time to find other ventures, none of which are identified
as of the date of this filing. 

OUR OTC MARKET STATUS HAS BEEN LOWERED FROM
OTCQB TO OTC PINK. 

Due to the low trading price of the common
stock of the Company, we have been demoted from the OTCQB to OTC Pink for not maintaining the 0.01 bid test. The Company has sought
financing through convertible promissory notes in order to develop the BDTP TM app; some of the notes have in turn been
converted to common stock and then traded on the market in large quantities, lowering the bid prices. The change in status from
OTCQB to OTC Pink will make it harder to access investors and financing to continue to fund our operations. 

Additionally, OTC Markets has removed the Shell
Risk label on the Company s profile, indicating that they believe we now meet certain criteria. We believe that we
are not a shell company based on our history of operations and specific software development, the label has been removed from the
BEGI profile on OTC Markets. OTC Markets may choose to downgrade our profile if we do not maintain adequate proof that we are not,
in fact, a shell company. 

BLACKSTAR ELECTRONIC FUNGIBLE SHARES AND DIGITAL
SHARES IN GENERAL MAY BE SUBJECT TO UNIQUE RISKS NOT ASSOCIATED WITH PAPER CERTIFICATED SHARES. 

The digital form of BlackStar common stock
(BlackStar Electronic Fungible Shares when traded on BDTP TM and digital or electronic shares in general may be subject
to timing delays, electronic transfer errors, electronic systems outages, and cybersecurity threats. BlackStar Electronic Fungible
Shares carry the same risks as electronic fungible shares from DTCC that have been DWAC and placed in Broker Dealers accounts for
customers. The intended functionality of the BlackStar Digital Trading Platform TM is to encrypt the buy/sell orders
(including all transaction 

36 

Table of Contents 

and customer information) placed by broker
dealers and customers, in order to provide additional security and ease of access over the existing systems, but not all risks
can be mitigated due to unforeseen future threats and/or disruptions, transmission errors, and electronic systems issues. Electronic
fungible shares of common stock, including BlackStar Electronic Fungible Shares, are the same class of common stock and hold the
same rights as paper certificated shares of common stock; the only difference is the format. Digital shares would be the electronic
fungible shares on account. The difference in the two is the mode of sale or transfer; however, the transfer agent maintains records
of all shareholder activity, regardless of the form. While electronic fungible shares are now commonplace, there is still risk
involved with electronic transmission of information and that transmission may be compromised. The record-keeping requirements
of transfer agents, broker dealers, and issuers remain unchanged with electronic fungible shares, however, the risk of error or
omission cannot be ruled out. 

INSURANCE WILL NOT BE OBTAINED FOR OUR ELECTRONIC
FUNGIBLE SHARES WHICH POSES RISKS. 

We do not intend to attempt to obtain any insurance
at this time for shares in electronic fungible form, so there will be no insurance for covering liability in the event of losses
from the form or mode of transfer of Electronic Fungible Shares. 

RISK FACTORS RELATED TO 

OUR PLATFORM AND BLOCKCHAIN/DISTRIBUTED LEDGER
TECHNOLOGY 

THE
OPERABILITY OF OUR PLATFORM DEPENDS ON OUR ABILITY TO ENTER INTO A LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH A BROKER DEALER OR AN ALTERNATIVE TRADING
SYSTEM. 

Our plan to operate the BlackStar Digital Trading
Platform TM relies on our ability to enter into a license agreement with a broker dealer or an alternative trading system ATS ). The BDTP TM operates as an encrypted platform for the transmission of customer information, dollar
amount, number of shares, and account number to be sent over a secured network to/from the broker dealer and/or customer. Whether
we license the platform to a broker dealer or an ATS, we will rely on the licensee to comply with all relevant laws, rules and
regulations including, but not limited to, FINRA and/or SEC registration, the Customer Protection Rule (Rule 15c3-3 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the Exchange Act requirements for books, records and financial reporting, and the Securities
Investor Protection Act of 1970 SIPA ), as applicable. The duties of settlement, safekeeping, and reporting of customers 
assets will remain with the traditional custodians the Broker Dealers retained by customers for their own account. The
BDTP TM will provide encrypted transmission of order information, as discussed above. Once established, any disruption
in our relationship with a broker dealer or ATS may cause a temporary or permanent service disruption of BDTP TM , unless
and until we are able to reestablish a new licensee. If we are unable at any time to establish the necessary relationship, BDTP
 TM may never become functional. If we are unable to license BDTP TM to an ATS in this way, we may reevaluate
whether we may apply for ATS status. 

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position could be harmed. 

We plan to rely upon trademarks, copyright
and trade secret protection (and possibly also patents in the future), as well as non-disclosure agreements and invention assignment
agreements with employees, consultants and third parties, to protect all confidential and proprietary information. Significant
elements of our intended products and services are based on unpatented trade secrets and know-how that are not publicly disclosed.
In addition to contractual measures, we try to protect the confidential nature of our proprietary information using physical and
technological security measures. Such measures may not, for example, in the case of misappropriation of a trade secret by an employee
or third party with authorized access, provide adequate protection for our proprietary information. The security measures may not
prevent an employee or consultant from misappropriating our trade secrets and providing them to a competitor, and the recourse
we take against such misconduct may not provide an adequate remedy to protect our interests fully. Enforcing a claim that a party
illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret can be difficult, expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable.
In addition, trade secrets may be independently developed by others in a manner that could prevent legal recourse by us. If any
of our confidential or proprietary information, such as our trade secrets, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if any such
information was independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be harmed. 

37 

Table of Contents 

Intellectual
property rights claims may adversely affect the DISTRIBUTE LEDGER TECHNOLOGY. 

Third parties may assert intellectual property
claims relating to their source code, including Distributed Ledger Technology. Regardless of the merit of any intellectual property
or other legal action, any threatened action that reduces confidence in distributed ledger technology s long-term viability
may adversely affect an investment in us. Additionally, a meritorious intellectual property claim could prevent us, our ventures,
and other end-users from accessing the distributed ledger technology. As a result, an intellectual property claim against us could
adversely affect an investment in us. 

WE MAY DEPEND ON THIRD PARTIES TO PROVIDE EXECUTION
OF OUR TRADING PLATFORM, INTERNET, TELECOMMUNICATION AND FIBER OPTIC NETWORK CONNECTIVITY TO OUR DATA CENTER, AND ANY DELAYS OR
DISRUPTIONS IN SERVICE COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT AN INVESTMENT IN US. 

We may rely on third-party service providers.
In particular, we will depend on third parties to provide real time quotation and trading execution with our trading platform,
Internet, telecommunication, and fiber optic network connectivity to our servers in our data center, and we have no control over
the reliability of the services provided by these suppliers. We may in the future experience difficulties due to service failures
unrelated to our systems and services. 

OUR INTERACTIONS WITH A BLOCKCHAIN MAY EXPOSE
US TO SDN OR BLOCKED PERSONS OR CAUSE US TO VIOLATE PROVISIONS OF LAW THAT DID NOT CONTEMPLATE DISTRIBUTE LEDGER TECHNOLOGY. 

If our BDTP TM becomes operational,
we may be required to comply with the Office of Financial Assets Control OFAC of the U.S. Department of Treasury s
sanction program and not conduct business with persons named on its specially designated nationals SDN list. We
anticipate that we will not to our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC s SDN list, as the sales of
shares occurring with the use of the platform will be required to comply with existing rules and regulations applicable to the
information required to transfer securities. Moreover, federal law prohibits any U.S. person from knowingly or unknowingly possessing
any visual depiction commonly known as child pornography. Recent media reports have suggested that persons have imbedded such depictions
on one or more blockchains. Because our business requires us to download and retain one or more blockchains to effectuate our ongoing
business, it is possible that such digital ledgers contain prohibited depictions without our knowledge or consent. To the extent
government enforcement authorities literally enforce these and other laws and regulations that are impacted by decentralized distributed
ledger technology, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and civil or criminal monetary fines
and penalties, all of which could harm our reputation and affect the value of our common stock. 

THE POSSIBILITY OF TRADING OCCURING ON MULTIPLE
EXCHANGES MEANS THAT THERE MAY BE DISCREPANCIES IN TRADING PRICES OF COMMON STOCK. 

The trading market operating on the BDTP TM ,
once operational, is distinct and separate from the OTC market on which the common shares currently trade, which could cause discrepancies
between the trading prices of common shares between the two venues, whether resulting from different liquidity in the markets or
otherwise. If approved for trading, shareholders may take advantage of any discrepancies between the trading prices and trade shares
of common stock where it is beneficial to them. 

THE POSSIBILITY OF REGULATORY DEVELOPMENTS
RELATED TO CRYPTO ASSETS AND CRYPTO ASSET MARKETS MAY POSE AN UNINTENDED RISK TO OUR PROPOSED BUSINESS. 

The Company does not believe that any pending
crypto legislation or regulation is likely to affect the business, financial condition, or results of operations at this stage.
In the event that our proposed business plans, including BDTP TM , fall into the definitions of any future crypto legislation
or regulation, the Company will evaluate the operations to ensure compliance with any new rules or laws. The Company has worked
to create the proposed business plan within 

38 

Table of Contents 

the confines of the existing rules, regulations,
and laws. If, however, abundant operational changes are necessary for compliance, there may be material effects on the business. 

THE COMPANY MAY FACE REPUTATIONAL HARM, LOSS
OF FINANCING, STOCK PRICE VOLATILITY, AND/OR LOW DEMAND FOR SERVICES BY PROXIMITY TO THE CRYPTO ASSET MARKET. 

The Company does not operate in the crypto
asset markets, does not have crypto asset holdings, and is not proposing to participate in the crypto asset industry, including
crypto securities, crypto currencies, and tokens. The use of a blockchain in our proposed platform often gets conflated with crypto
asset markets due to blockchain s use in those industries as well. Although the Company does not believe that any reputational
harm, loss of financing, stock price volatility, risk of legal proceedings, and/or low demand for our services will occur as a
result of disruptions to and volatility in the crypto asset markets, the Company could nonetheless potentially be harmed as a result
of our proximity to crypto asset markets. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

NONE. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES/ASSETS 

Real Estate - None 

Oil and Gas Properties
- None 

Patents - None 

Trademarks - BlackStar Digital Trading Platform TM ,
BDTP TM , Internet Digital Offering TM , IDO TM , Blockchain Equity Trading TM 

Our executive offices
are located in Boulder, Colorado. We do not own any real property but lease an office space. We believe that substantially all
of our property and equipment is in good condition, subject to normal wear and tear, and that our facilities have sufficient capacity
to meet the current needs of our business. 

PATENTS, TRADE NAMES,
TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS 

Either directly or through our subsidiaries,
we have rights in various patents, trade names, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property necessary to conduct our
business. Our services may use the intellectual property of others, including licensed software. We may occasionally license any
future intellectual property to others as we deem appropriate. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We are not currently involved in any litigation
that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suite,
proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body
pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting
our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries officers or directors in
their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. We anticipate that we (including current
and any future subsidiaries) will from time to time become subject to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course
of business. It is not feasible to predict the outcome of any such proceedings and we cannot assure that their ultimate disposition
will not have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 

39 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the
OTC Pink under the symbol BEGI . Because we are quoted on the OTC Pink, our securities may be less liquid, receive
less coverage by security analysts and news media, and generate lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if they were listed
on a national securities exchange. 

International
Hedge Group, Inc. IHG ), our parent company, is our controlling shareholder and is engaged in providing management
services to companies, and, on occasion, capital consulting. IHG s strategy in investing in BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc.
is to own a controlling interest in a publicly quoted company which has the legal ability and mission to do loan-based funding
of start-up and developed business ventures using its stock for private placement or public offerings. Through anti-dilutive measures,
IHG now owns less than 1 of common shares of BlackStar for the year ended December 31, 2022. IHG and BlackStar are managed and
controlled by the same individuals, but IHG may seek its funding from different and as yet, undetermined sources, with funding
structures of different natures. IHG, through its holding of 100 of the Class A Preferred Stock of BlackStar, has voting control
over BlackStar. Mr. Kurczodyna, through his preferred shares in IHG, has voting control of IHG. 

On December
18, 2020, IHG filed an amendment to their articles of incorporation designating 1,000,000 of their 20,000,000 authorized preferred
shares to be Class A Preferred Stock and setting forth the Convertible Super Majority Voting Privileges. The IHG Board of Directors
authorized a vote by the disinterested shareholders and a majority of shareholders voted in favor of issuing the 1,000,000 IHG
Class A Preferred shares to Mr. Kurczodyna as compensation for services provided to IHG. The holders of the IHG Class A shall have
that number of votes equal to that number of IHG common shares which is not less than 60 of the vote required to approve any action,
and the holders of IHG Class A Preferred may choose to convert the IHG Class A Preferred Stock into shares of IHG common stock
at the rate of one (1) IHG Class A Preferred for two-hundred ten (210) IHG common shares. This was a significant increase to the
control of IHG by Mr. Kurczodyna and he has control of BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. through his IHG interest. 

The following tables set forth the high and
low bid quotations for our common stock as reported on the OTCQB/OTC Pink for the periods indicated. 

Fiscal 2022 
 
 Low 

High 

First Quarter ended March 31, 2022 

0.004 

0.022 

Second Quarter ended June 30, 2022 

0.002 

0.011 

Third Quarter ended September 30, 2022 

0.001 

0.004 

Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 2022 

0.001 

0.002 

Fiscal 2021 
 
 Low 

High 

First Quarter ended March 31, 2021 

0.025 

0.15 

Second Quarter ended June 30, 2021 

0.024 

0.095 

Third Quarter ended September 30, 2021 

0.02 

0.048 

Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 2021 

0.01 

0.039 

40 

Table of Contents 

Fiscal 2020 
 
 Low 

High 

First Quarter ended March 31, 2020 

0.01 

0.02 

Second Quarter ended June 30, 2020 

0.01 

0.13 

Third Quarter ended September 30, 2020 

0.01 

0.08 

Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 2020 

0.02 

0.06 

Fiscal 2019 
 
 Low 

High 

First Quarter ended March 31, 2019 

0.35 

0.90 

Second Quarter ended June 30, 2019 

0.15 

0.70 

Third Quarter ended September 30, 2019 

0.07 

0.18 

Fourth Quarter ended December 31, 2019 

0.02 

0.40 

The shares moved from the OTC QB to the OTC Pink Market on
June 30, 2022. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately
361 record holders of 546,495,214 shares of our common stock. As of March 31, 2023, there were approximately 361 holders of 651,139,153
shares of our common stock. The Company has also reserved out of its authorized Common Stock approximately 1,377,860,847 shares
of Common Stock for conversion pursuant to the convertible promissory notes as of March 17, 2023. 

Dividends 

As of the filing of this Form 10-K, we have
not paid any dividends to stockholders. There are no restrictions which would limit our ability to pay dividends on common equity
or that are likely to do so in the future. The Delaware General Corporation Laws, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends
where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend; we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the
usual course of business; or our total assets would be less than the sum of the total liabilities plus the amount that would be
needed to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Common
Stock 

The total number of common shares authorized
to be issued by the Company as of March 31, 2023 is 2,000,000,000 common shares with a par value of 0.001 per share. The Company
is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of 0.001 per share. A total of 651,139,153 common
shares are issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. There are warrants to purchase 321,200 shares of common stock outstanding
as of March 31, 2023. 

Common Shares 

All common shares are equal to each other with
respect to voting, liquidation, and dividend rights. Special shareholders meetings may be called by the officers or director,
or upon the request of holders of at least one-tenth (1/10th) of the outstanding shares. Holders of shares are entitled to one
vote at any shareholders meeting for each share they own as of the record date fixed by the board of directors. There is
a quorum requirement for shareholders meetings of one-third of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter by the voting
group. Holders of shares are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the board of directors out of funds legally
available therefore, and upon liquidation are entitled to participate pro rata in a distribution of assets available for such a
distribution to shareholders. Other than as described in the Preferred shares section below, there are no conversion,
pre-emptive or other subscription rights or privileges with respect to any shares. Reference is made to our Certificate
of Incorporation , as amended, and our Bylaws ,
both as filed with the Form 10 on December 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference, as well as to the applicable statutes
of the State of Delaware for a more complete description of the rights and liabilities of holders of shares. It should be noted
that the board of directors without notice to the shareholders 

41 

Table of Contents 

may amend the Bylaws. Our shares do not have
cumulative voting rights, which means that the holders of more than fifty percent (50 of the shares voting for election of directors
may elect all the directors if they choose to do so. In such event, the holders of the remaining shares aggregating less than fifty
percent (50 of the shares voting for election of directors may not be able to elect any director. 

Our common stock is currently
quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol BEGI . Because we are quoted on the OTC Pink, our securities may be less liquid,
receive less coverage by security analysts and news media, and generate lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if they were
listed on a national securities exchange. 

Preferred shares 

As of March 31, 2023, we had authorized ten
million (10,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, of which certain shares had been designated as Class A Preferred Stock. 

Class A Convertible Preferred
Stock 

The Certificate of Incorporation of the Company
authorizes the issuance of up to ten million (10,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value per share (herein, Preferred
Stock or Preferred Shares ), and expressly vests in the Board of Directors of the Company the authority provided
therein to issue any or all of the Preferred Shares in one (1) or more Class or classes and by resolution or resolutions to establish
the designation and number and to fix the relative rights and preferences of each Class to be issued. The Board authorized One
Million (1,000,000) of the Ten Million (10,000,000) authorized shares of Preferred Stock of the Company to be designated Class
A Preferred Convertible Stock, 0.001 par value per share, and shall possess the rights and preferences set forth below: 

Rank . The Class A Preferred Convertible
Stock shall rank: (i) senior to any other class or Class of outstanding Preferred Shares or Class of capital stock of the Company;
(ii) prior to all of the Company s Common Stock, Common Stock and (iii) prior to any other class or Class
of capital stock of the Company hereafter created Junior Securities and in each case as to distributions of assets
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary (all such distributions being referred
to collectively as Distributions ). 

Dividends . The Class A Preferred Convertible
Stock shall bear no dividends, except that in the event dividends are declared for common stock, the same rate of dividend per
share shall be due and payable to the Class A Preferred shareholders on the same terms. 

Liquidation / Merger Preference . 

(a) So
long as a majority of the shares of Class A Preferred authorized are outstanding, the Company will not, without the written consent
of the holders of at least 51 of the Company s outstanding Class A Preferred, either directly or by amendment, merger, consolidation,
or otherwise: (i) liquidate, dissolve or wind-up the affairs of the Company, or effect any Liquidation Event; (ii) amend,
alter, or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws in a manner adverse to the Class A Preferred (iii) create
or authorize the creation of, or issue any other security convertible into or exercisable for, any equity security, having rights,
preferences or privileges senior to the Class A Preferred, or (iv) purchase or redeem or pay any dividend on any capital stock
prior to the Class A Preferred, other than stock repurchased from former employees or consultants in connection with the cessation
of their employment/services. 

(b) In
the event of any liquidation, merger, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the holders of
shares of Class A Preferred Convertible Stock (each a Holder and collectively the Holders shall be
entitled to receive, prior in preference to any distribution to Junior Securities, an amount per share equal to .01 plus any allocable
and due dividends per share. 

(c) Upon
the completion of the distribution required to Class A holders, if assets remain in the Company, they shall be distributed to holders
of Junior Securities in accordance with the Company s Certificate of Incorporation including any duly adopted Certificate(s)
of Designation. 

42 

Table of Contents 

Conversion Rights : 

The Holders of the Class A Preferred Convertible
Stock shall, individually and collectively, have the right to convert all of their Class A Preferred Convertible Stock, in one
transaction, by electing, in writing, to convert the 1,000,000 shares of Class A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock of
the Company, on the basis of 100 common shares for each share of Class A Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment. 	 

Adjustment to Conversion Rate. The conversion
price will be subject to adjustments for stock dividends, splits, combinations and similar events and to Adjustment Due to Merger,
Consolidation, Etc . If, prior to the conversion of all Class A Preferred Convertible Stock, there shall be any merger, consolidation,
exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the
Company shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of the same or another class or classes of stock or securities
of the Company or another entity or there is a sale of all or substantially all the Company s assets, then the Holders of
Class A Preferred Convertible Stock shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of Class A Preferred Convertible
Stock, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately
theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities and/or other assets New Assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock been convertible into New Assets
from the date hereof, at the market price of such New Assets on the date of conversion, and in any such case appropriate provisions
shall be made with respect to the rights and interests of the Holders of the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock to the end that
the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for the adjustment of the conversion price and of the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable or New Assets deliverable upon conversion of the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock) shall thereafter
be applicable, as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities thereafter deliverable upon the exercise here. 

Redemption by Company . The Company may,
at its sole discretion redeem all or any portion of the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock by paying in cash by wire transfer
the stated value of US 50.00 per share, plus all accrued and unpaid dividends on the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock to be
redeemed, to the Holder pursuant to the Holder s written instructions. The Holders may convert Class A Preferred Convertible
Stock into Common Stock of the Company until such cash has been transmitted to the Holder, at which time conversion rights shall
cease and the Holder shall surrender all redeemed Class A Preferred Certificates to the Company for cancellation. 

Super Majority Voting Rights . The record
Holders of the Class A Preferred Convertible Stock shall have the right to vote on any matter with holders of Common Stock and
may vote as required on any action, which Delaware law provides may or must be approved by vote or consent of the holders of the
specific Class of voting preferred shares and the holders of common shares. The Record Holders of the Class A Preferred Shares
shall have the right to vote on any matter with holders of common stock voting together as one (1) class. The Record Holders of
the Class A Preferred Shares shall have that number of votes (identical in every other respect to the voting rights of the holders
of other Class of voting preferred shares and the holders of common stock entitled to vote at any Regular or Special Meeting of
the Shareholders) equal to that number of common shares which is not less than 60 of the vote required to approve any action,
which Delaware law provides may or must be approved by vote or consent of the holders of other Class of voting preferred shares
and the holders of common shares or the holders of other securities entitled to vote, if any. 

In 2016, BlackStar entered into an agreement
whereby BlackStar s parent, International Hedge Group, Inc., acquired 44,400,000 shares of common stock, 1,000,000 shares
of our Class A Preferred Super Majority Voting Convertible Stock, and 34,000,000 warrants to purchase common stock @ 0.05 per
share expiring in 3 years (cashless) for capital infusion of 200,000. Joseph E. Kurczodyna owns the controlling interest of International
Hedge Group, Inc., which in turn controls the voting stock of BlackStar. 

As part of management s ongoing anti-dilutive
strategy, 7,289,891 shares of IHG were cancelled as of December 31, 2019. On March 12, 2020, the Company increased its authorized
shares to 700,000,000, par value 0.001. On December 18, 2020, Mr. Kurczodyna became the controlling shareholder of IHG through
the issuance of preferred super majority voting shares in IHG. On July 8, 2022, the majority shareholder of the Company submitted
written consent to the resolution to increase the authorized common stock from 700,000,000 to 2,000,000,000, par value 0.001,
with an effective date of August 5, 2022. 

43 

Table of Contents 

There were 651,139,153 shares of common stock
outstanding, 321,200 warrants issued for common stock, and 1,000,000 Class A Preferred Shares outstanding (owned by International
Hedge Group, Inc.) as of March 31, 2023. 

Options Warrants 

Effective December 1, 2016, our Stock Option
and Award Plan (the Stock Incentive Plan was approved by our Board of Directors. Under the Stock Incentive Plan,
the Board of Directors may grant options or purchase rights to purchase common stock to officers, employees, and other persons
who provide services to us or any related company. The participants to whom awards are granted, the type of awards granted, the
number of shares covered for each award, and the purchase or exercise price, conditions and other terms of each award are determined
by the Board of Directors, except that the term of the options shall not exceed 10 years. A total of 10 million shares of our common
stock are subject to the Stock Incentive Plan and maybe either a qualified or non-qualified stock option. The shares issued for
the Stock Incentive Plan may be either treasury or authorized and unissued shares. As of March 31, 2023, we have granted no stock
options to purchase any shares of our common stock under the Plan. 

As of March 31, 2023, there are warrants outstanding
to purchase 321,200 shares of common stock of the Company as follows: 

Grant Purpose 
 Grant Date 
 Number 
 Exercise Price 
 Expiration Date 
 Vesting 
 
 Private placement (common stock) 
 4-26-2019 
 321,200 
 0.25 
 4-26-2024 
 100 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent for our securities is EQ
Shareowner Services, formerly known as Corporate Stock Transfer, with offices at 3200 Cherry Creek South Drive, Suite 430, Denver,
Colorado 80209, Phone (303) 282-4800. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans. 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. 

We have sold securities in the past 2 fiscal
years without registering the securities under the Securities Act of 1933 as shown in the following summaries, including transactions
occurring to the date of this filing: 

2023 

In March 2023, the Company borrowed 25,000
from each of two individuals, repayable nine months from date of borrowing with interest at 11 per annum. At maturity, the Company
will repay each of the loans in cash including interest at 11 and an additional 3,750,000 shares of the Company s common
stock to each of the lenders; or will issue each of the lenders 7,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock in full satisfaction
of the principal loan amount of 25,000 and related unpaid and accrued interest thereon. The Company and the holders executed the
agreement in accordance with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited
investors afforded, inter alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2)
of the 1933 Act. 

2022 

On February 14, 2022, BlackStar Enterprise
Group, Inc. and Sixth Street Lending LLC entered into a convertible promissory note totaling 55,750 and a securities purchase
agreement. Details of the promissory note and securities 

44 

Table of Contents 

purchase agreement can be found in the Form
8-K and exhibits filed on March 2, 2022. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance
with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter
alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. In August
through October 2022, 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC elected to make a conversion of the outstanding principal of 55,750 on their note
of February 14, 2022 and related accrued and unpaid interest of 2,788, in four tranches, into an aggregate 53,250,406 shares of
the Company s common stock at prices of 0.0006 to 0.0017 per share under the conversion provision and terms of the note
agreement 

On May 5, 2022, the Company entered into a
financing agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (formerly Sixth Street Lending LLC) to borrow 55,750. Details of the promissory
note and securities purchase agreement can be found in the Form
10-Q and exhibits filed on November 21, 2022. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance
with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter
alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. In November
and December 2022, the lender elected to make a partial conversion of 32,150 principal due on the note of May 5, 2022 into an
aggregate 55,377,648 shares of the Company s common stock at conversion prices of 0.00046 to 0.00078 per share under the
conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. In January and March 2023, 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC elected to convert,
in three tranches, the outstanding principal balance of 23,600 and accrued and unpaid interest thereon of 2,788 due on their
note of May 5, 2022 into 75,643,939 shares of the Company s common stock at prices of 0.00033 to 0.00036 per share under
the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

On August 30, 2022, the Company entered into
a financing agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC to borrow 43,750. The note matures on August 30, 2023, bears interest at
10 , with a default rate of 22 , and is convertible, commencing 180 days after the date of issuance. The conversion price is to
be calculated at 65 of the average of the two lowest trading prices of the Company s common stock for the previous fifteen
trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than 4.99 of the
total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved 100,000,000
shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were 40,000, after legal fees and offering costs of 3,750. Details of the promissory
note and securities purchase agreement can be found in the Form
10-Q and exhibits filed on November 21, 2022. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance
with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter
alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. In March
2023, 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC elected to make a 7,540 partial conversion of the principal portion of their August 30, 2022 note
into 29,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of 0.00026 per share under the conversion provision
and terms of the note agreement. 

On October 31, 2022, the Company entered into
a financing agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC to borrow 55,000. The note matures on October 31, 2023, bears interest at
10 , with a default rate of 22 , and is convertible, commencing 180 days after the date of issuance. The conversion price is to
be calculated at 65 of the average of the two lowest trading prices of the Company s common stock for the previous fifteen
trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than 4.99 of the
total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved 423,076,923
shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were 50,750, after legal fees and offering costs of 4,250. Details of the promissory
note and securities purchase agreement can be found in the Form
10-Q and exhibits filed on November 21, 2022. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance
with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter
alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. 

2021 

On January
15, 2021, BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. entered into a convertible promissory note totaling
 43,500 and a securities purchase agreement. Details of the promissory note and securities purchase agreement can be found
in the Form 8-K and exhibits
filed on January 26, 2021. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance with and in reliance
upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter alia, by Rule 506
under Regulation D 

45 

Table of Contents 

as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act,
and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. In July 2021, Power Up elected to convert (in two tranches) the total principal of 43,500
due on the note, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon of 2,175, into an aggregate 3,572,791 shares of the Company s
common stock (1,304,348 shares at 0.0138 per share and 2,268,443 shares at 0.0122 per share) under the conversion provision and
terms of the note agreement. 

On January 26, 2021, the Company entered into
a financing agreement with SE Holdings LLC to borrow 220,000. The note bears interest at 10 , with a default rate of 24 , and
is convertible, at any time after the date of issuance. The conversion price is to be calculated at 50 of the average of the three
lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the previous twenty trading days prior to the date of conversion.
The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than 4.99 of the total outstanding common stock. There are no
warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved 44,000,000 shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the
loan were 177,500, after original issue discount of 20,000 and legal fees and offering costs of 22,500. The Company has recorded
the conversion feature as a beneficial conversion feature. The fair value of 220,000 for the expense portion of the note is being
amortized over the term of the note. This fair value has been determined based on the trading price of the Company s common
stock as of the date of the note. Management has determined that this treatment is appropriate given the uncertain nature of the
value of the Company and its stock, and there will be no revaluations until the note is paid or redeemed for stock. The Company
has recorded interest on the note at the default rate of 24 from the maturity date of the note through December 31, 2022. 

On January
28, 2021, BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. and SE Holdings, LLC entered into a convertible promissory note totaling 220,000 and
a securities purchase agreement. The Company initially reserved out of its authorized Common Stock 44,000,000 shares of Common
Stock for conversion pursuant to the note. Details of the promissory note and securities purchase agreement can be found
in the Form 8-K and exhibits
filed on February 4, 2021. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance with and in reliance
upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter alia, by Rule 506
under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. 

On March 31, 2021, BlackStar Enterprise Group,
Inc. and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. entered into a convertible promissory note totaling 103,500 and a securities purchase agreement.
Details of the promissory note and securities purchase agreement can be found in the Form
8-K and exhibits filed on April 8, 2021. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance
with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter
alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. In October
2021, Power Up elected to convert (in three tranches) the total principal of 103,500 due on the note of March 31, 2021, together
with accrued unpaid interest thereon of 5,175, into an aggregate 6,061,936 shares of the Company s common stock (2,358,232
shares at 0.0164 per share and 3,703,704 shares at 0.0189 per share) under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

On April 29, 2021, BlackStar Enterprise Group,
Inc. and Adar Alef, LLC entered into a convertible promissory note totaling 550,000 and a securities purchase agreement. The Company
initially reserved out of its authorized Common Stock 86,105,000 shares of Common Stock for conversion pursuant to the note. Details
of the promissory note, securities purchase agreement, and transfer agent letter can be found in the Form
10-Q and exhibits filed May 17, 2021. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance with
and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter alia,
by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. In February
and March 2022, Adar Alef elected to make a partial conversion of 76,500 principal and 6,296 of accrued and unpaid interest thereon
due on the note, in three tranches, into an aggregate 21,504,766 shares of the Company s common stock at prices of 0.0023
to 0.0064 per share under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. On April 27, 2022, the Company entered into
an Amendment and Abatement Agreement Abatement Agreement with SE Holdings and Adar Alef (collectively the
Parties to address the Company s default on the two outstanding convertible notes between the Parties, consisting
of the remaining 473,500 principal balance to Adar Alef and face amount 220,000 note with SE Holdings. Under the terms of the
Abatement Agreement, the Parties agreed to abate the conversion features under the notes for a period of forty five (45) days from
April 15, 2022, with the conversion features resuming no sooner than May 30, 2022. The Company has paid to Adar Alef a total of
 50,000 upon execution of the Abatement Agreement for principal, redemption penalty and accrued interest. The remaining principal
and accrued interest on the notes to SE Holdings and Adar Alef would be due on May 30, 2022. On May 25, 

46 

Table of Contents 

2022, the Abatement Agreement was extended
for an additional thirty (30) days through June 30, 2022, upon an additional payment by the Company of 25,000 to Adar Alef for
principal, redemption penalty and accrued interest. In July, August and September 2022, the Company made payments to Adar Alef
for additional abatements on the notes for thirty-day periods of an aggregate 70,001 for principal reduction of 45,845, accrued
interest of 5,818 and redemption penalty of 18,338. 

On May 6, 2021, the Company issued 396,040
shares of restricted common stock to Carter, Terry Company pursuant to an engagement agreement for capital raising services
dated October 17, 2019. The issuance was made in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Act and under an exemption of Rule 506(b)
of Regulation D, or any other such exemptions as the transaction may qualify. Carter, Terry Company is well known to us and
our management, through pre-existing business relationships, as our current financial advisor and placement agent. Carter, Terry
 Company was provided access to all material information, which they requested, and all information necessary to verify such
information and were afforded access to our management in connection with this issuance. All purchasers of the unregistered securities
acquired such securities for investment and not with a view toward distribution, acknowledging such intent to us. All certificates
or agreements representing such securities that were issued contained restrictive legends, prohibiting further transfer of the
certificates or agreements representing such securities, without such securities either being first registered or otherwise exempt
from registration in any further resale or disposition. 

On June 23, 2021, the outstanding loans to
the two individuals first entering into loans with the Company on April 24 and 29, 2019, respectively, were paid off and the Company
entered into two new loans in the amounts of 10,000 20,000, dated May 18, 2021 and due November 18, 2021 with interest at 11 .
Each of the two loan holders was paid 10,000 principal (an aggregate 20,000) and aggregate accrued interest of 2,750. In addition,
the two individuals were issued an aggregate 300,000 shares of the Company s common. The Company and the holders of the notes
above executed agreements in accordance with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales
to accredited investors afforded, inter alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or
Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. The loans and related accrued interest were repaid in full in November 2021. 

On June 24, 2021, BlackStar Enterprise Group,
Inc. issued 500,000 shares to Matthew Baldwin for services rendered and the issuance was made by us in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2)
of the Act and under an exemption of Rule 506(b) of Regulation D, or any other such exemptions as the transaction may qualify.
Mr. Baldwin is well known to us and our management, through pre-existing business relationships, as our long-standing contractor
for software development. Mr. Baldwin was provided access to all material information, which he requested, and all information
necessary to verify such information and were afforded access to our management in connection with his issuance. All purchasers
of the unregistered securities acquired such securities for investment and not with a view toward distribution, acknowledging such
intent to us. All certificates or agreements representing such securities that were issued contained restrictive legends, prohibiting
further transfer of the certificates or agreements representing such securities, without such securities either being first registered
or otherwise exempt from registration in any further resale or disposition. 

On July 26, 2021, the Company entered into
a financing agreement with Power Up Lending Group Ltd. to borrow 103,750. The Company received net proceeds from the loan of 100,000,
after legal and financing fees of 3,750. In January and February 2022, Power Up elected to convert, in five tranches, the total
principal of 103,750 due on their note of July 26, 2021, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon of 5,188, into an
aggregate 12,982,155 shares of the Company s common stock (at conversion prices of 0.0075 to 0.0088 per share) under the
conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

On July 28, 2021, the Company entered into
a financing agreement with Power Up Lending Group Ltd. to borrow 78,750. The Company received net proceeds from the loan of 75,000,
after legal and financing fees of 3,750. In February and March 2022, Power Up Lending Group Ltd. (Power Up) elected to convert,
in four tranches, the total principal due on their note of July 28, 2021 of 78,750 and accrued and unpaid interest thereon of
 3,938 into 21,273,289 shares of the Company s common stock at conversion prices of 0.0029 to 0.0073 per share under the
conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

On September 1, 2021, BlackStar Enterprise
Group, Inc. and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. entered into a convertible promissory note totaling 53,750 and a securities purchase
agreement. Details of the promissory note and securities 

47 

Table of Contents 

purchase agreement can be found in the Form
8-K and exhibits filed on September 30, 2021. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance
with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter
alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. In March
and April 2022, Power Up elected to convert, in three tranches, the total principal due on their note of September 1, 2021 of 53,750
and accrued and unpaid interest thereon of 2,688, into 19,952,406 shares of the Company s common stock at conversion prices
of 0.0024 to 0.0029 per share under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

On October 1, 2021, BlackStar Enterprise Group,
Inc. and Power Up Lending Group Ltd. entered into a convertible promissory note totaling 78,750 and a securities purchase agreement.
Details of the promissory note and securities purchase agreement can be found in the Form
8-K and exhibits filed on October 26, 2021. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance
with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter
alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. In April
and May 2022, Power Up elected to convert, in five tranches, the total principal balance of 78,750 and accrued and unpaid interest
thereon of 3,938 due on their note of October 1, 2021 into 40,260,417 shares of the Company s common stock at prices of
 0.0020 to 0.0024 per share under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

On October 11, 2021, BlackStar Enterprise Group,
Inc. and GS Capital Partners, LLC entered into a convertible promissory note totaling 60,000 and a securities purchase agreement.
Details of the promissory note and securities purchase agreement can be found in the Form
8-K and exhibits filed on October 26, 2021. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance
with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter
alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. In August
and October 2022, GS Capital Partners elected to make a partial conversion of 20,385 principal and 1,446 of accrued and unpaid
interest thereon due on their note of October 11, 2021 into 27,531,479 shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion
prices of 0.0012 to 0.00036 per share under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

On November 29, 2021, BlackStar Enterprise
Group, Inc. and Sixth Street Lending LLC entered into a convertible promissory note totaling 45,750 and a securities purchase
agreement. Details of the promissory note and securities purchase agreement can be found in the Form
8-K and exhibits filed on December 8, 2021. The Company and the holder executed the securities purchase agreement in accordance
with and in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration for offers and sales to accredited investors afforded, inter
alia, by Rule 506 under Regulation D as promulgated by the SEC under the 1933 Act, and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the lender converted the outstanding principal of 45,750 and accrued and unpaid interest thereon
of 2,288 into 27,899,255 shares of the Company s common stock at conversion prices of 0.0016 to 0.0018 per share. 

Exemption from Registration Claimed 

Sales and issuances by us of the unregistered
securities listed above were made by us in reliance upon Rule 506 of Regulation D to the individuals listed above. All of the individuals
and/or entities listed above that purchased the unregistered securities were all known to us and our management, through pre-existing
business relationships, as long-standing business associates, friends, and employees. All purchasers were provided access to all
material information, which they requested, and all information necessary to verify such information and were afforded access to
our management in connection with their purchases. All purchasers of the unregistered securities acquired such securities for investment
and not with a view toward distribution, acknowledging such intent to us. All certificates or agreements representing such securities
that were issued contained restrictive legends, prohibiting further transfer of the certificates or agreements representing such
securities, without such securities either being first registered or otherwise exempt from registration in any further resale or
disposition. Each purchaser made written representation under Rule 506 of Regulation D, including net worth and sophistication.
We required written representation that each purchaser who was not an accredited investor, either alone or with his purchaser representative,
had such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he/she was capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of the prospective investment, and the issuer reasonably believed (based on written representations) immediately prior to making
any sale that the purchaser came within this description. 

48 

Table of Contents 

Shares or Warrants Issued for Compensation
or Services 

Details of past issuances of shares for services
can be found in the annual report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. No issuances for compensation have been made in the past six fiscal years. 

Exemption from Registration Claimed 

All of the sales by us of the unregistered
securities listed immediately above were made by us in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Act. All of the individuals and/or
entities listed above that purchased the unregistered securities were all known to us and our management, through pre-existing
business relationships, as long-standing business associates, friends, and employees. All purchasers were provided access to all
material information, which they requested, and all information necessary to verify such information and were afforded access to
our management in connection with their purchases. All purchasers of the unregistered securities acquired such securities for investment
and not with a view toward distribution, acknowledging such intent to us. All certificates or agreements representing such securities
that were issued contained restrictive legends, prohibiting further transfer of the certificates or agreements representing such
securities, without such securities either being first registered or otherwise exempt from registration in any further resale or
disposition. 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

We did not repurchase any shares of our common
stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Forward-Looking Statements and
Associated Risks. 

This Form 10-K contains certain statements
that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose, any statements
contained in this Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without
limiting the foregoing, words such as may , will , expect , believe , anticipate ,
 estimate, or continue or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These
statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially depending on a
variety of factors, many of which are not within our control. These factors include but are not limited to economic conditions
generally and in the industries in which we may participate; competition within our chosen industry, including competition from
much larger competitors; technological advances and failure to successfully develop business relationships. 

The following plan of operation provides
information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial
condition. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto. This section includes a number
of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. Certain statements
that the Company may make from time to time, including all statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical
fact, constitute forward-looking statements . Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as plans, 
 expects, believes, anticipates, estimates, projects, will, 
 should, and other words of similar meaning used in conjunction with, among other things, discussions of future operations,
financial performance, product development and new product launches, market position and expenditures. You should not place undue
certainty on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from our predictions. 

The following Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended to help you understand our historical
results of operations during the periods presented and our financial 

49 

Table of Contents 

condition for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. This MD A should be read in conjunction with our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. See
section entitled Forward-Looking Statements above. 

Based on our financial history since
inception, our auditor has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As reflected in the accompanying
financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit totaling 9,374,967. This raises substantial doubts
about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Overview 

BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. (the Company 
or BlackStar intends to act as a merchant bank as of the date of these financial statements. We currently trade
on the OTC Pink Sheets under the symbol BEGI . The Company is a merchant banking firm seeking to facilitate venture
capital to early-stage revenue companies. BlackStar intends to offer consulting and regulatory compliance services to crypto-equity
companies and blockchain entrepreneurs for securities, tax, and commodity issues. BlackStar is conducting ongoing analysis for
opportunities in involvement in crypto-related ventures though our wholly-owned subsidiary, Blockchain Equity Management Corp., BEMC ), mainly in the areas of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies DLT ). BlackStar intends
to serve businesses in their early corporate lifecycles and may provide funding in the forms of ventures in which we control the
venture until divestiture or spin-off by developing the businesses with capital. We have only engaged in one transaction as a merchant
bank form to date. 

Our investment strategy focuses primarily on
ventures with companies that we believe are poised to grow at above-average rates relative to other sectors of the U.S. economy,
which we refer to as "emerging growth companies." Under no circumstances does the Company intend to become an investment
company and its activities and its financial statement ratios of assets and cash will be carefully monitored and other activities
reviewed by its Board of Directors to prevent being classified or inadvertently becoming an investment company which would be subject
to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

As a merchant bank, BlackStar intends to seek
to provide access to capital for companies and is specifically seeking out ventures involved in DLT or blockchain. BlackStar intends
to facilitate funding and management of DLT-involved companies through majority controlled joint ventures through its subsidiary
BEMC. BlackStar, through BEMC, intends to initially control and manage each venture. Potential ventures for both BlackStar
and BEMC will be analyzed using the combined business experience of its executives, with BEMC looking to fill those venture criteria
with companies in crypto-related businesses such as blockchain or DLT technologies. The Company does not intend to develop Investment
Objectives or criteria in any manner but will rely on the acumen and experience of its executives. BlackStar is currently
building a digital equity trading platform in order to trade registered BlackStar common shares in digital form (DWAC), and intends
to use the platform design to provide custom subscription services to other public companies. 

Recent Updates BlackStar
progress in 2022 was focused on pursuing the registration of shares underlying convertible notes, which entailed thoroughly describing
many aspects of our new proposed line of business of trading common shares on a blockchain through the broker-dealer ecosystem.
The Company is finalizing the marketing plan to promote and roll out the three features of its blockchain platform. The Company
plans to offer its Private Funding and Corporate Governance Blockchain to individual private companies in 2023. The Company s
next major step in its main feature, BlackStar s Digital Trading Platform BDTP TM ), will be to
engage an operating partner (a broker-dealer, clearing firm, and/or registered Alternative Trading System ATS ))
to host the platform prior to implementation. To that end, the Company is exploring partnerships with broker-dealers and existing
ATS s and other strategies to go live with BDTP TM in accordance with existing laws and regulations. As of the
date of this filing, the core platform of BDTP TM is complete and will remain in the testing phase until we obtain an
operating partner. BlackStar intends to continue to seek further input from various regulatory agencies and others on the functionality
of the BDTP TM over the next 6 to 9 months. The BDTP TM has been completely designed in terms of the following
components: data model, reports, web-based user interface, blockchain interface, transaction logic, cloud interface, and functional
demonstration app. The software is complete in demonstrating a proof-of-concept trading ability, while recording activity using
an immutable blockchain ledger. Currently, the working model platform is hosted on Amazon s Quantum Ledger Database. During
2021, BlackStar and Artuova successfully completed a production ready and feature-complete user interface for the digital platform
which is now in the final stages of quality assurance. BlackStar is actively pursuing relationships with various broker-dealers,
clearing firms, and ATS s to complete the 

50 

Table of Contents 

final stages of this multi-year engineering
effort. During 2021-2022, BlackStar filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO for patent protection
of its proprietary software. During 2022, BlackStar also filed with U.S. and foreign trademark offices for protection. 

The Company s success will be dependent
upon its ability to analyze and manage the opportunities presented and is contingent upon successfully raising funds and ultimately
SEC approval of our digital trading platform. 

Currently in the testing phase, we estimate
 100,000 to finalize the integration of the digital platform into the broker-dealer eco system once the SEC and FINRA clear BlackStar
to promote broker dealers and or exchanges. The ability to obtain a licensee may be dependent on our ability to confirm that FINRA
and the SEC will allow trading on our platform as described. If this is the case, the Company may alternatively seek to acquire
an existing broker-dealer in order to become a FINRA-registered broker-dealer. Once we have secured a licensee broker-dealer, clearing
firm, or ATS for the operations of the BDTP TM and begun operating the BDTP TM , we will seek subscriber companies
desiring customized platforms. At that point, we will have the ability to showcase BDTP TM s live operations.
The technical platform operations and updates will be managed by Artuova, through our oversight and direction. The software building
of additional platforms for subscriber companies may take as little as 48 hours. We have not yet developed our marketing campaign
to seek out these customers, but plan to do so after securing our operating licensee, anticipated within the next six months. We
anticipate our overall expansion of services into the blockchain industry within the next twelve months. 

Based on our current cash reserves of approximately
 62,085 as of December 31, 2022, we have the cash for an operational budget of approximately three (3) months. We intend to
offer a private placement of preferred shares to investors in order to achieve at least 5,000,000 in funding in the next year
to scale our business plan. We intend to commence this offering in spring of 2023. If we are unable to generate enough revenue to
cover our operational costs, we will need to seek additional sources of funds. Currently, we have no committed source for
any funds as of date hereof. No representation is made that any funds will be available when needed. In the event funds cannot
be raised if and when needed, we may not be able to carry out our business plan and could fail in business as a result of these
uncertainties. 

The independent registered public accounting
firm s report on our financial statements as of December 31, 2022, includes a going concern explanatory paragraph
that describes substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have estimated 100,000 for each of the
first three quarters of 2023 and 150,000 in the fourth quarter of 2023 for operational costs which includes legal, accounting,
travel, general and administrative, audit, rent, telephones and miscellaneous. In the year ended December 31, 2022, we received
funding through convertible promissory notes totaling 194,750 being received in net cash proceeds. In 2023, we received loans
of an aggregate 50,000 from two investors, due nine months from receipt with interest at 11 per annum. 

Results of Operations 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022
was 1,225,207 as compared to 2,183,567 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 958,360. As explained below, most
of the losses in those years was attributable to non-cash transactions from the issuance of convertible debt and other financings
during the years. 

In 2022, non-cash expenses associated with
convertible debt financings were 522,854 as compared to 1,067,537 in 2021, a decrease of 544,683. This decrease is substantially
non-cash and predominately due to the decrease in amortization of discounts on debt issuances and conversion features of the convertible
promissory notes that we have used to finance our continued operations, as convertible debt financings decreased in 2022 as compared
to 2021. In 2021, the Company issued common stock, in lieu of cash payments, valued at 423,779 for interest and loan fees as compared
to no issuances for these costs and expenses in 2022. 

General and administrative expenses in 2022
were 62,235, a decrease of 398,546 from general and administrative expenses of 460,781 in 2021. In 2021, the Company incurred
 411,779 in cash and stock payments for fund raising fees as compared to no costs incurred of this nature being incurred in 2022.
General and administrative costs in 2021, 

51 

Table of Contents 

exclusive of fees for fund raising, were 49,002
for investor relations, filing fees, transfer agent fees and overhead operational costs. Similar operational and overhead costs
incurred in 2022 were 62,235. 

In 2022 the Company paid related party management
consulting fees to IHG of 294,401 as compared to 344,642 paid in 2021. 

Legal and professional fees of 127,392 for
the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 25,352 from 102,040 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Fees for both 2022 and
2021 were predominately for SEC regulatory and statutory filings, fees for annual audit and quarterly reviews and filings for a
Registration Statement on Form S-1 to register underlying common shares for issuance to investors. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital
deficit of 971,295 and cash of 62,085, as compared to a working capital deficit of 283,054 and cash of 518,539 as of December
31, 2021. The decrease in cash and increase in working capital deficit was due primarily to the decrease in debt funding during
2022 as compared to 2021, with all new debt issuances maturing within one year of date of issuance. The Company used new and existing
fundings to maintain operating activities and complete software development and patent filings with the USPTO for its digital trading
platform. During 2022, we used 543,604 of cash for operating activities. In 2022, we paid 11,634 in investing activities for
software development and patent costs and incurred an additional 70,251 in legal fees for patent costs which amount is included
in accounts payable as of December 31, 2022. During 2021, we used 518,810 of cash for operating activities, and paid 98,438 in
investing activities for software development costs of 58,000 and incurred legal fees for patent costs of 71,800, of which 31,442
is included in accounts payable at December 31, 2021. 

Substantially all of our funding has been from
convertible debt financings in 2022 and 2021. The debt instruments were with non-related investment firms, carried an interest
rate of 10 , matured six months to one year from date of financing and were convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock at a discount to the trading prices of the common shares of 35 to 40 . During 2022, we issued convertible debt with a face
value of 210,250, receiving cash proceeds of 194,750. During 2021, we issued convertible debt with a face value of 1,137,750,
receiving cash proceeds of 1,171,500. In 2022, note holders were issued 405,010,195 shares of common stock for conversion of 619,211
face value of debt and related accrued interest and fees. Note holders were issued 18,079,985 shares of common stock for conversion
of 298,000 face value of debt and related accrued interest and fees in 2021. We had a net increase in liquidity from financings
of 98,784 in 2022 and 1,102,720 in 2021. In 2022, we issued 12,795,700 shares of common stock to warrant holders in a cashless
exercise of warrants at 0.0023 per share. 

While management of the Company believes that
the Company will be successful in its current and planned activities, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful
in obtaining sufficient revenues from our planned operations and raise sufficient equity, debt capital or strategic relationships
to sustain the operations and future business of the Company. 

Our ability to create sufficient working capital
to sustain us over the next twelve-month period, and beyond, is dependent on our raising additional equity or debt capital, and
ultimately to commence revenues form or digital trading platform. 

There can be no assurance that sufficient capital
will be available to us. We currently have no agreements, arrangements or understandings with any person to obtain funds through
bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. 

Availability of Additional Capital 

Notwithstanding our success in raising net
cash proceeds of 194,750 and 1,171,500 from convertible debt financing in 2022 and 2021, respectively, there can be no assurance
that we will continue to be successful in raising capital and have adequate capital resources to fund our operations or that any
additional funds will be available to us on favorable terms or in amounts required by us. We estimate that we will need to raise
 5,000,000 over the next twelve months to 

52 

Table of Contents 

scale up our current plan. The Company feels
it has sufficient capital to pay expenses and implement our platform of blockchain features in the second quarter of 2023. 

Any additional financing may be dilutive to
our stockholders, new equity securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our
shares of Common Stock. Debt or equity financing may subject us to restrictive covenants and significant interest costs. 

Going Concern Consideration 

Our registered independent auditors have issued
an opinion on our financial statements as of December 31, 2022, which includes a statement describing our going concern status.
This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain
additional capital to pay our bills and meet our other financial obligations. This is because we have not generated any revenues
and no revenues are anticipated until our digital trading platform is operational. Accordingly, we must raise capital from sources
other than the actual revenue from issuance of memberships in our digital trading platform. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not
have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act
of 1934. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

We have no material commitments for capital
expenditures within the next year, however, as operations are expanded substantial capital will be needed to pay for expansion
and working capital. 

We have made equity and debt offerings in order
to support our growth plans, to date, and may do so in the future. 

There are no commitments to provide additional
funds by our management or other stockholders. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any additional funds will be available
to us to allow coverage of our expenses as they may be incurred. The principals of the Company have extensive investment banking
backgrounds and have used their resources since the 2016 inception of their management of BlackStar. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our significant accounting policies are described
in the notes to our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and are included elsewhere in this report. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

53 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

BLACKSTAR ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

F-1 

BALANCE SHEETS 

F-2 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

F-3 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY 

F-4 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

F-5 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-6 

54 

Table of Contents 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Blackstar Enterprise Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Blackstar Enterprise Group, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ (PCAOB ID 

We have
served as the Company's auditor since 2016 

April
5, 2023 

F- 1 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
 ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 DECEMBER
 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Total
 current assets 

Intangibles 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES 
 STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 payables 

Convertible
 notes payable, net of discounts of 7,835 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Total
 current liabilities 

Stockholders'
 Deficit 

Preferred
 stock, 10,000,000 shares authorized; 

par value; shares issued and outstanding 

Common
 stock, 2,000,000,000 and 700,000,000 shares authorized; 0.001 par value 

546,495,214
 and 128,689,319 shares issued and outstanding 

at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders' deficit 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

The accompanying
 notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
 ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Operating expenses 

Legal
 and professional 

Management
 consulting - related party 

General
 and administrative 

Total
 operating expenses 

Other expense (income) 

Amortization
 of discount on convertible notes 

Amortization
 of convertible debt issuance costs 

Interest
 expense 

Other
 expense (income) 

Net
 (loss) 

Net (loss) per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common
 shares 

outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying
 notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
 ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDER'S DEFICIT 
 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2022 

Common
 Stock 
 
 Preferred
 Stock 

Amount 

Amount 
 
 Additional
 Paid 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 
 0.001Par) 
 
 Shares 
 
 0.001Par) 
 
 in
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Deficit 

Balances - December 31,
 2020 

() 

() 

Shares issued for conversion of notes and interest 

Beneficial conversion feature of convertible
 note 

Shares issued for loan costs 

Shares issued for financing fees 

Shares issued for software development 

Shares issued to debt holders for registration
 costs 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances - December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Shares issued for conversion of notes and interest 

Shares issued for cashless warrant exercise 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balances -
 December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
 ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 FOR
 THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From
 Operating Activities 

Net (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Amortization
 of convertible note issue costs 

Amortization
 of discounts on convertible notes 

Amortization
 of interest on convertible notes 

Interest
 and loan fees paid in stock 

Changes in operating
 assets and liabilities 

Decrease
 (increase) in prepaids 

(Decrease)
 in accounts payable 

Increase in
 accrued payables 

Cash
 used in operating activities 

Cash Flows From
 Investing Activities 

Software
 and patent costs 

Cash
 used in investing activities 

Cash Flows From
 Financing Activities 

Proceeds
 from convertible notes, net of offering costs 

and
 original issue discount 

Repayments
 of notes payable 

Repayments
 of advances to related party 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease)
 in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of
 period 

Supplemental disclosure
 of non-cash investing 

and financing activities 

Beneficial
 conversion feature initially recorded as debt discount 

Notes
 payable and interest converted to common stock 

Common
 stock issued for software 

Common
 stock issued for loan costs 

Common
 stock issued to debt holders for registration costs 

Cashless
 exercise of common stock warrant 

Accounts
 payable for intangibles 

Cash
 paid for interest on debt 

The accompanying
 notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

interest
in the Company. IHG was issued shares of common stock and shares of Series A Preferred Stock. IHG is our
controlling shareholder and is engaged in providing management services and capital consulting to companies. IHG and BlackStar
are currently managed and controlled by two individuals each of whom is a beneficial owner of an additional of the Company s
common stock. 

, negative working capital of and an accumulated deficit of . These conditions raise substantial
doubt as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be
necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent
upon the ability to raise equity or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations from the Company's planned business.
Management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. 

F- 6 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no deposits
in excess of the FDIC insured limits. 

F- 7 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

F- 8 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

F- 9 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Patents 

to , with an effective date of the Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of August 5,
2022. Following the increase in authorized shares proposed by the Company s Board of Directors, the Company has 2,000,000,000
shares of authorized common stock and 10,000,000 shares of authorized preferred stock (no change in preferred), with no changes
in the shares outstanding of either the common stock or preferred stock as a result of the increase. 

F- 10 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
5 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT (continued) 

, with a par value of per share. On August 25, 2016,
the Company issued shares of its Series A Preferred Series stock to IHG in fulfillment of the purchase agreement. These
shares are convertible at a ratio of shares of the common stock of the Company for each share of preferred stock of the Company. 

shares for conversion of principal and interest on convertible notes payable. 

shares for exercise of previously issued warrants at per share. The exercise price was revised to per share from per share as per antidilution provision of the warrant agreement. The warrants were exercised on a cashless or net basis. Accordingly, we did not receive any proceeds from such exercises. The cashless exercise of such warrants resulted in the cancellation of previously issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. 

shares for conversion of principal and interest on convertible note payable. 

shares valued at per share) to a convertible note holder as consideration for the Company s entering into certain third party transactions which were in default of the convertible promissory note, security purchase agreement and other related documents entered into on November 16, 2020. 

shares valued at as consideration for financing fees for loans made to the Company. 

shares valued at per share) as partial consideration for software development costs. 

shares valued at per share) to a convertible note holder. These shares have been issued as a condition that the Company files a resale registration statement covering the underlying convertible shares. The shares are returnable to the Company upon the effective date of the registration statement. The resale registration statement was not filed in the period stipulated in the agreement with the note holder, and accordingly the value of the shares has been charged to operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

shares valued at per share) to a convertible note holder. These shares were issued as a condition that the Company files a resale registration statement covering the underlying convertible shares. The shares are returnable to the Company upon the effective date of the registration statement. The resale registration statement was not filed in the period stipulated in the agreement with the note holder, and accordingly the value of the shares has been charged to operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 11 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

. Pursuant to the terms of the note agreement, the Company issued warrants to
the holder for the purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants are exercisable at per share
for a term of years. The fair value of the warrants was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following
assumptions: stock price ; strike price ; volatility ; risk free rate and term of years. The Company recognized
a warrant expense of at the time of grant of the warrants. At December 31, 2022, the intrinsic value of the outstanding
warrants was , as the trading price of the Company s common stock at that date was less than the underlying exercise price
of the warrants. 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding and exercisable December
 31, 2021 

Exercised 

() 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding and exercisable December
 31, 2022 

at an interest rate of and the maturity date is . At the time of the disbursement the Company received
 net cash proceeds, as there was a deduction from proceeds to the Company of for original interest discount and
placement costs. The repayment is a lump sum payment on the due date or is convertible into Company common stock at the discretion
of the lender. The conversion, if chosen, will be at of the two lowest trading days in the previous ten-day period prior to
the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than of the total outstanding common
stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note. During the year ended December 31, 2021, GS Capital elected to
convert the principal and of accrued and unpaid interest due on the note into shares of the Company s
common stock under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

. The note matures
on October 11, 2022, bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible at the option of the holder, at any
time after 180 days of the date of issuance. The conversion price is to be calculated at of the lowest trading price of the
Company s common stock for the previous 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the
amount of stock received to less than of the total outstanding common stock. 

F- 12 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
7 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (continued) 

, after legal and
financing fees of . In August and October 2022, GS Capital Partners elected to make a partial conversion of principal
and of accrued and unpaid interest thereon due on their note of into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion prices of to per share under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

with a due date of July 24, 2021.
The note bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible, commencing 180 days after the date of issuance.
The conversion price is to be calculated at of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the previous
20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than of
the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note. The Company has reserved 
shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were , after legal fees and offering costs of . These fees and
costs are being amortized over the term of the note. The Company has recorded the conversion feature as a beneficial conversion
feature. The fair value of for the expense portion of the note is being amortized over the term of the note. This fair
value has been determined based on the trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of the note. Management
has determined that this treatment is appropriate given the uncertain nature of the value of the Company and its stock, and there
will be no revaluations until the note is paid or redeemed for stock. On January 28, 2021, Power Up elected to convert the total
principal and interest due on their note of July 24, 2020 in the principal amount of and of accrued and unpaid
interest thereon into shares of the Company s common stock at per share. 

. The note bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible, commencing 180 days
after the date of issuance. The conversion price is to be calculated at of the lowest trading price of the Company s
common stock for the previous 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock
received to less than of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and
the Company has reserved shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were , after legal fees and offering
costs of . The Company has recorded the conversion feature as a beneficial conversion feature. The fair value of 
for the expense portion of the note is being amortized over the term of the note. This fair value has been determined based on
the trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of the note. Management has determined that this treatment
is appropriate given the uncertain nature of the value of the Company and its stock, and there will be no revaluations until the
note is paid or redeemed for stock. On April 12, 2021, Power Up elected to convert the total principal and interest due on their
note of October 8, 2020 in the principal amount of and of accrued and unpaid interest thereon into shares
of the Company s common stock at per share. 

. The note bears
interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible, commencing 180 days after the date of issuance. The conversion
price is to be calculated at of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the previous 20 trading days
prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than of the total outstanding
common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved shares for conversion.
Net proceeds from the loan were , after legal fees of . The Company has recorded the conversion feature as a beneficial
conversion feature. The fair value of for the expense portion of the note is being amortized over the term of the note.
This fair value has been determined based on the trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of the 

F- 13 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
7 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (continued) 

due on the note, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon of , into
an aggregate shares of the Company s common stock shares at per share and shares
at per share) under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

. The note bears
interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible, commencing 180 days after the date of issuance. The conversion
price is to be calculated at of the lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the previous 20 trading days
prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than of the total outstanding
common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved shares for conversion.
On April 1, 2021, the Company received the net proceeds from the loan of , after legal fees and offering costs of .
In October 2021, Power Up elected to convert (in three tranches) the total principal of due on the note of March 31,
2021, together with accrued unpaid interest thereon of , into an aggregate shares of the Company s common
stock shares at per share and shares at per share) under the conversion provision and terms
of the note agreement. 

. The note
matures on July 26, 2022, bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible at the option of the holder, at
any time after 180 days of the date of issuance. The conversion price is to be calculated at of the average of the two lowest
closing bid prices of the Company s common stock for the previous 15 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender
agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or
options attached to the note. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved 
shares for conversion. The Company received net proceeds from the loan of , after legal and financing fees of .
(See Note 12). In January and February 2022, Power Up elected to convert, in five tranches, the total principal of due
on their note of July 26, 2021, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon of , into an aggregate shares
of the Company s common stock (at conversion prices of to per share) under the conversion provision and
terms of the note agreement. 

. The note
matures on July 28, 2022, bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible at the option of the holder, at
any time after 180 days of the date of issuance. The conversion price is to be calculated at of the average of the two lowest
closing bid prices of the Company s common stock for the previous 15 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender
agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or
options attached to the note. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved 
shares for conversion. The Company received net proceeds from the loan of , after legal and financing fees of . In
February and March 2022, Power Up Lending Group Ltd. (Power Up) elected to convert, in four tranches, the total principal due
on their note of of and accrued and unpaid interest thereon of into shares of the Company s
common stock at conversion prices of to per share under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

. The note
matures on September 1, 2022, bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is 

F- 14 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
7 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (continued) 

of the average of the two lowest closing bid prices of the Company s common stock for the previous 15 trading days prior
to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than of the total outstanding
common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to the note. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and
the Company has reserved shares for conversion. The Company received net proceeds from the loan of , after legal
and financing fees of . In March and April 2022, Power Up elected to convert, in three tranches, the total principal due
on their note of of and accrued and unpaid interest thereon of , into shares of the
Company s common stock at conversion prices of to per share under the conversion provision and terms of
the note agreement. 

. The note
matures on October 1, 2022, bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible at the option of the holder,
at any time after 180 days of the date of issuance. The conversion price is to be calculated at of the average of the two
lowest closing bid prices of the Company s common stock for the previous 15 trading days prior to the date of conversion.
The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than of the total outstanding common stock. There are no
warrants or options attached to the note. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved
 shares for conversion. The Company received net proceeds from the loan of , after legal and financing fees of
 . In April and May 2022, Power Up elected to convert, in five tranches, the total principal balance of and accrued
and unpaid interest thereon of due on their note of into shares of the Company s common
stock at prices of to per share under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

. The note bears interest
at , with a default rate of , and is convertible, at any time after the date of issuance. The conversion price is to be
calculated at of the average of the three lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the previous twenty
trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than of the
total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved 
shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were , after original issue discount of and legal fees and offering
costs of . The Company has recorded the conversion feature as a beneficial conversion feature. The fair value of 
for the expense portion of the note is being amortized over the term of the note. This fair value has been determined based on
the trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of the note. Management has determined that this treatment
is appropriate given the uncertain nature of the value of the Company and its stock, and there will be no revaluations until the
note is paid or redeemed for stock. The Company has recorded interest on the note at the default rate of from the maturity
date of the note through December 31, 2022. 

.
The note matured on April 29, 2022. bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible at the option of the
holder, at any time after the date of issuance. The conversion price is to be calculated at of the average of the three lowest
closing bid prices of the Company s common stock for the previous 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender
agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or
options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved 

F- 15 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
7 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (continued) 

shares for conversion. The Company received the net proceeds from the loan of , after original issue discount, legal fees
and offering costs of . In February and March 2022, Adar Alef elected to make a partial conversion of principal
and of accrued and unpaid interest thereon due on the note, in three tranches, into an aggregate shares of the
Company s common stock at prices of to per share under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

principal balance to Adar Alef and face amount note with
SE Holdings. Under the terms of the Abatement Agreement, the Parties agreed to abate the conversion features under the notes for
a period of forty five (45) days from April 15, 2022, with the conversion features resuming no sooner than May 30, 2022. The Company
has paid to Adar Alef a total of upon execution of the Abatement Agreement for principal, redemption penalty and accrued
interest. The remaining principal and accrued interest on the notes to SE Holdings and Adar Alef would be due on May 30, 2022.
On May 25, 2022, the Abatement Agreement was extended for an additional thirty (30) days through June 30, 2022, upon an additional
payment by the Company of to Adar Alef for principal, redemption penalty and accrued interest. 

for principal reduction of , accrued interest of and redemption penalty of . 

. The note matured
on November 30, 2022, bore interest at , with a default rate of , and was convertible, commencing 180 days after the date
of issuance. The conversion price is to be calculated at 65 of the average of the two lowest trading price of the Company s
common stock for the previous fifteen trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock
received to less than of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and
the Company has reserved shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were , after legal fees and offering
costs of . The Company has recorded the conversion feature as a beneficial conversion feature. The fair value of 
for the expense portion of the note is being amortized over the term of the note. This fair value has been determined based on
the trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of the note. Management has determined that this treatment
is appropriate given the uncertain nature of the value of the Company and its stock, and there will be no revaluations until the
note is paid or redeemed for stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the lender converted the outstanding principal of
 45,750 and accrued and unpaid interest thereon of into shares of the Company s common stock at conversion
prices of to per share. 

. The note matures on
February 14, 2023, bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible, commencing 180 days after the date of
issuance. The conversion price is to be calculated at of the average of the two lowest trading price of the Company s
common stock for the previous fifteen trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock
received to less than of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and
the Company has reserved shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were , after legal fees and offering
costs of . In August through October 2022, 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC elected to make a conversion of the outstanding principal
of on their note of and related accrued and unpaid interest of , in four tranches, into an aggregate
 shares of the Company s common stock at prices of to per share under the conversion provision
and terms of the note agreement. 

F- 16 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE 7 
CONVERTIBLE NOTES (continued) 

. The note matures on ,
bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible, commencing 180 days after the date of issuance. The conversion
price is to be calculated at of the average of the two lowest trading price of the Company s common stock for the previous
fifteen trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received to less than 
of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company has reserved 
shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were , after legal fees and offering costs of . In November and
December 2022, the lender elected to make a partial conversion of principal due on the note of May 5, 2022 into an aggregate
 shares of the Company s common stock at conversion prices of to per share under the conversion
provision and terms of the note agreement. 

. The note matures on , bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible, commencing 180 days after the date of issuance.
The conversion price is to be calculated at of the average of the two lowest trading price of the Company s common stock
for the previous fifteen trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received
to less than of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company
has reserved shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were , after legal fees and offering costs of
 . 

. The note matures on October
31, 2023, bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible, commencing 180 days after the date of issuance.
The conversion price is to be calculated at of the average of the two lowest trading price of the Company s common stock
for the previous fifteen trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock received
to less than of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and the Company
has reserved shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were , after legal fees and offering costs of
 . 

with a due date of July 16, 2021. The note bears interest at , with a default rate of , and is convertible into shares of
the Company s common stock. The conversion price is to be calculated at of the 2 lowest trading prices of the Company s
common stock for the previous 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The lender agrees to limit the amount of stock
received to less than of the total outstanding common stock. There are no warrants or options attached to this note, and
the Company has reserved shares for conversion. Net proceeds from the loan were , after legal fees and offering
costs of . The Company has recorded the conversion feature as a beneficial conversion feature. The fair value of 
for the expense portion of the note is being amortized over the term of the note. This fair value has been determined based on
the trading price of the Company s common stock as of the date of the note. Management has determined that this treatment
is appropriate given the uncertain nature of the value of the Company and its stock, and there will be no revaluations until the
note is paid or redeemed for stock. 

convertible note dated November 16, 2020 and stated that the outstanding
amount due on the note is , the default interest per annum is , and that the conversion price is the lowest trading
price during the delinquency period with a discount. The Company has recorded accrued default interest on the note at the
rate of per annum from May 24, 2021(date of default) to December 31, 2022. The Company and Quick Capital have been in discussions
to reach a reasonable and fair settlement of the balance due on the financing agreement. 

F- 17 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

NOTE
7 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (continued) 

These balances represent the Company s proposal for settlement with Quick Capital. 

Power
 UP Lending Group Ltd. 

SE
 Holdings LLC 

Quick
 Capital LLC 

Adar
 Alef LLC 

1800
 Diagonal Lending LLC (formerly Sixth Street Lending LLC) 

Discount 

F- 18 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , due with interest at . Each of the two loan holders was paid principal (an aggregate) and aggregate accrued interest of . In addition, the two individuals were issued an aggregate shares of
the Company s common stock valued at per share), under the default penalty provisions of the original notes. 

principal and accrued interest of and . The two notes were
rolled into new loans in the amounts of and , due with interest at . In addition, the two
individuals were issued an aggregate shares of the Company s common stock valued at per share). The
loans and related accrued interest were repaid in full in November 2021. 

and a Colorado state rate of compared
to the Company s income tax expense as reported at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

() 
 
 Adjustments
 to net loss 

Convertible
 note expense 

Net taxable income
 (loss) 

() 

() 
 
 Income tax rate 

Income tax recovery 

Valuation
 allowance change 

() 

() 
 
 Provision
 for income taxes 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net
 deferred income tax asset 

F- 19 

Table of Contents 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED
DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

and , respectively. 

for advances previously made. 

and accrued and unpaid interest thereon of due on their note of into shares of the Company s
common stock at prices of to per share under the conversion provision and terms of the note agreement. 

partial conversion of the principal portion of their note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share under the conversion
provision and terms of the note agreement. 

from each of two individuals, repayable nine months from date of borrowing with interest
at per annum. At maturity, the Company will repay each of the loans in cash including interest at and an additional 
shares of the Company s common stock to each of the lenders; or will issue each of the lenders shares of the Company s
common stock in full satisfaction of the principal loan amount of and related unpaid and accrued interest thereon. 

F- 20 

Table of Contents 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

EVALUATION OF
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS PROCEDURES 

Disclosure controls
and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the
time period specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and
procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

In connection
with this annual report, as required by Rule 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our company's disclosure controls and procedures. Under the supervision of
our Board of Directors, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, acting as our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer respectively, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December
31, 2022. Subject to the inherent limitations noted in this Part II, Item 9A as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting
as discussed below. It is management's responsibility to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. 

This annual
report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control
over financial reporting. Management's report on internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by our
independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC because we are neither an accelerated filer nor
a larger accelerated filer. 

We have implemented
a framework used by management to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which incorporates
a quarterly review by our Board of Directors of the recording of transactions and whether questions of accuracy and authorization
may arise as the accounting may be reviewed by our auditors. 

Our Management's
assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting as of the end of the most recent fiscal year, including
a statement as to whether or not internal control over financial reporting is effective is contained in the section immediately
following this paragraph. 

MANAGEMENT'S
REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

It is Management s
responsibility to establish and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. The matters involving internal controls
and procedures that our Company s management considered to be material weaknesses and may have been ineffective under the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority
of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required
internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written
policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and
SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. 

55 

Table of Contents 

Management has
assessed the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting at the end of the most recent fiscal year and has
determined several weaknesses and has determined that its internal controls have not been effective due, in part, to lack of full-time
financial accounting professionals. 

Management believes
that the material weaknesses and ineffectiveness set forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on our Company's
financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside
directors on our Company's board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required
internal controls and procedures may result in our Company's financial statements for the future years being subject to error
and inaccurate if controls, procedures, and professional financial officers are not maintained. 

We are committed
to improving our financial organization. As part of this commitment, we intend to create a position to segregate duties consistent
with control objectives and intend to increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting
function when funds are available to our Company: i) Appointing one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall
be appointed to the audit committee of our Company resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight
in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and ii) preparing and implementing sufficient
written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management believes
that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy
the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Company s Board. In addition,
management believes that preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material
weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements
and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and
reporting processes. Further, management believes that the hiring of additional personnel who have the technical expertise and
knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances within the department. Additional personnel
will also provide the cross training needed to support our Company if personnel turn over issues within the department occur.
This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control and procedure issues our Company
may encounter in the future. 

Due to insufficient
funds during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has been unable to implement many of the remedies to the ineffective
oversight. The Company will continue to implement the changes as laid out above as soon as funds are available to the Company. 

We will continue
to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting
on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary
and as funds allow. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

56 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following
table sets forth information as to persons who currently serve as our directors or executive officers, including their ages as
of March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Joseph
 E. Kurczodyna 
 
 69 
 
 Acting
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Robert
 LaPointe, Jr. 
 
 73 
 
 Director 

Our officers
are elected by the board of directors at the first meeting after each annual meeting of our stockholders and hold office until
their successors are duly elected and qualified under our bylaws. 

The directors
named above will serve until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. Thereafter, directors will be elected for one-year terms
at the annual stockholders' meeting. Officers will hold their positions at the pleasure of the board of directors absent any employment
agreement. There is no arrangement or understanding between our directors and officers and any other person pursuant to which
any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer. 

On November
22, 2022, the Board accepted the resignation of John Noble Harris as Chief Executive Officer and President of Blackstar Enterprise
Group, Inc., and appointed Joseph E. Kurczodyna as Acting Chief Executive Officer for 90 days or until new Officers are appointed.
Mr. Kurczodyna will also remain Chief Financial Officer. 

Mr. Harris remained
a director until his passing on December 15, 2022. 

BIOGRAPHICAL
INFORMATION 

Joseph E.
Kurczodyna, Acting Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Working with
various Commodity and Stock brokerage firms in Chicago and Denver Mr. Kurczodyna began his career in 1977 trading Bonds and T-Bill
futures. In the 1980 s, he focused on underwriting early-stage companies. As a principle with Mills Financial, a registered
Broker Dealer with the SEC and NASD, he underwrote and syndicated the Western International Gold Silver (WIGS) in 1984.
In 1991, Mr. Kurczodyna purchased Mills Financial and was the firm s President and General Principle. While leading Mills
Financial, he underwrote and funded several private placements and IPO s. In 1998, Mills was the lead underwriter for United
Financial Mortgage Corp. (UFMC), which was eventually listed on the American Stock Exchange. From 2004 to 2009, Mr. Kurczodyna
was the CEO of Capital Merchant Bank LLC, an independent investment banker. From 2006-2008 he acted as the CFO and Director of
OnMedia International. In 2009, Mr. Kurczodyna founded Patriot Mortgage Acceptance Corp., a private mortgage company. In 2014,
Mr. Kurczodyna was one of the founders of International Hedge Group Inc. (IHG). In 2016, IHG acquired 44,400,000 shares of common
stock and 1,000,000 Class A Preferred shares in BlackStar Enterprise Group Inc. As of December 31, 2020, IHG owned 4,792,702 shares
of common stock and 1,000,000 Class A Preferred shares in BlackStar Enterprise Group Inc., and Mr. Kurczodyna became the controlling
shareholder of IHG by issuance of super majority voting preferred shares. 

Robert LaPointe,
Jr., Director as of November 22, 2022 

Mr. LaPointe
began his career as an aerospace engineer with Ball Aerospace in 1988, where he remained until his retirement in 2016, though
he continues to work there part time. Mr. LaPointe also served as vice president of a small company, Dataflow Technologies,
that designed data acquisition systems for energy monitoring in buildings from 1982 to 1988. Throughout his career, Mr. LaPointe
also did nuclear research, was in chemical operations at Syntex Corp for production of pharmaceuticals, and has a background in
ranching, farming, and construction. Mr. LaPointe brings to the Company experience in both large and small corporations and his
strengths include scientific research and technology. Mr. LaPointe holds Bachelor of Science in Chemistry and Physiology (Colorado
State University), and a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering (University of Idaho), and is an Army veteran of the Vietnam
war. 

57 

Table of Contents 

CONFLICTS OF
INTEREST GENERAL 

There can be
no assurance that management will resolve all conflicts of interest in favor of the Company. 

Our directors
and officers are, or may become, in their individual capacities, officers, directors, controlling shareholder and/or partners
of other entities engaged in a variety of businesses. Thus, there exist potential conflicts of interest including, among other
things, time, efforts and corporation opportunity, involved in participation with such other entities. Consequently, there are
potential inherent conflicts of interest in their acting as officers and directors of the Company. Insofar as the officers and
directors are engaged in other business activities, management anticipates it will devote approximately 30-40 hours per week to
the Company's affairs. 

CONFLICTS OF
INTEREST - CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES 

Presently no
requirement contained in our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, or minutes which requires officers and directors of our Company
to disclose business opportunities which come to their attention. Our officers and directors do, however, have a fiduciary duty
of loyalty to our company to disclose to it any business opportunities which come to their attention, in their capacity as an
officer and/or director or otherwise. Excluded from this duty would be opportunities which the person learns about through his
involvement as an officer and director of another company. We have no intention of merging with or acquiring an affiliate, associate
person or business opportunity from any affiliate or any client of any such person. 

Our Board of
Directors has adopted a policy that the Company will not seek a fund of any entity in which any officer or director serves as
an officer or director or in which they or their family members own or hold a controlling ownership interest. Although the Board
of Directors could elect to change this policy, the Board of Directors has no present intention to do so. 

The members
of the Board and management are also the Board and Management of our parent, International Hedge Group, Inc. IHG and have ownership and compensation through IHG. IHG may be engaged by client borrowers of our Company to provide consulting services,
and such poses a risk of financial conflict to our Company. 

We expect that
the selection of a business opportunity will be complex. Due to general economic conditions, rapid technological advances being
made in some industries and shortages of available capital, we believe that there are numerous firms seeking the benefits of an
issuer who has complied with the 1934 Act. Such benefits may include facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity
financing may be sought, providing liquidity for incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees, providing liquidity
(subject to restrictions of applicable statutes) for all stockholders and other factors. Potentially, available business opportunities
may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation
and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. We have, and will continue to have, essentially no
assets to provide the owners of business opportunities. However, we will be able to offer owners of acquisition candidates the
opportunity to acquire a controlling ownership interest in an issuer who has complied with the 1934 Act without incurring the
cost and time required to conduct an initial public offering. 

COMMITTEES OF
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

We are managed
under the direction of its board of directors. 

EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE 

We do not have
an executive committee, at this time. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

We have formed
a non-independent audit committee in October 2016 to assist the Board in monitoring (1) the integrity of the financial statements
of the Company, (2) the compliance by the Company with legal and regulatory requirements and (3) the independence and performance
of the Company s internal and external auditors. Joe Kurczodyna, as 

58 

Table of Contents 

Chairman, and
John Harris acted as the initial members of the Audit Committee, however it is now the board of directors serving in this role. 

The functions
of the audit committee are to review the scope of the audit procedures employed by our independent auditors, to review with the
independent auditors our accounting practices and policies and recommend to whom reports should be submitted, to review with the
independent auditors their final audit reports, to review with our internal and independent auditors our overall accounting and
financial controls, to be available to the independent auditors during the year for consultation, to approve the audit fee charged
by the independent auditors, to report to the board of directors with respect to such matters and to recommend the selection of
the independent auditors. 

In the absence
of a separate audit committee, our board of directors functions as audit committee and performs some of the same functions of
an audit committee, such as recommending a firm of independent certified public accountants to audit the annual financial statements;
reviewing the independent auditors independence, the financial statements and their audit report; and reviewing management's administration
of the system of internal accounting control. 

ANNUAL MEETING 

The annual meeting
of stockholders is anticipated in the Fall of 2023 and will include the election of directors. The annual meeting will be held
at our principal office or at such other place as permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware and on such date as may be fixed
from time to time by resolution of our board of directors. 

PREVIOUS "BLANK
CHECK" OR "SHELL" COMPANY INVOLVEMENT 

No members of
our management have been involved in previous "blank-check" or "shell" companies. 

Involvement
in Legal Proceedings 

No Executive
Officer or Director of our Company has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject
of a criminal proceeding that is currently pending. 

No Executive
Officer or Director of our Company is the subject of any pending legal proceedings. 

No Executive
Officer or Director of our Company is involved in any bankruptcy petition by or against any business in which they are a general
partner or executive officer at this time or within two years of any involvement as a general partner, executive officer, or Director
of any business. 

(REMAINDER
OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 

59 

Table of Contents 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary of
Executives and Director Compensation Table 

The following
table sets forth the compensation paid to our officers from the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, and 2019. 

SUMMARY EXECUTIVES
COMPENSATION TABLE 

In
Dollars 

Name
 Position 
 Year 
 Contract
 Payments ) 
 (See Footnotes 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 awards ) 
 Option
 awards ) 
 Non-equity
 incentive plan compensa-tion ) 
 Non-qualified
 deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All
 other compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 

John
 Noble Harris, CEO (4) 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 294,401 (5) 
 294,401 (5) 

2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 344,642 (3) 
 344,642 (3) 

2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 100,530 (2) 
 100,530 (2) 

2019 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 104,720 (1) 
 104,720 (1) 
 
 Joseph
 E. Kurczodyna, CFO, Acting CEO (4) 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 294,401 (5) 
 294,401 (5) 

2021 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 344,642 (3) 
 344,642 (3) 

2020 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 100,530 (2) 
 100,530 (2) 

2019 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 104,720 (1) 
 104,720 (1) 

All
 Current Executive Officers 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 294,401 (5) 
 294,401 (5) 

_____________ 

(1) 
 Management collectively,
 through IHG, was paid consulting fees of 104,720 for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

(2) 
 Management collectively,
 through IHG, was paid consulting fees of 100,530 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

(3) 
 Management collectively,
 through IHG, was paid consulting fees of 344,642 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(4) 
 Mr. Harris resigned
 as an officer and director effective November 22, 2022. Mr. Kurczodyna was appointed acting CEO on the same date. 

(5) 
 Management collectively,
 through IHG, was paid consulting fees of 294,401 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Management
fees as of December 31, 2022 

IHG, controlling
shareholder of the Company, provides management consulting services to the Company. There is no formal written agreement that
defines the compensation to be paid. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the 

60 

Table of Contents 

Company recorded
related party management fees of 294,401. Management fees are estimated to be 31,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2023. 

Employment
Contracts and Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements 

There are no
employment contracts, compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from us, with respect to any of our
directors or executive officers which would in any way result in payments to any such person because of his or her resignation,
retirement or other termination of employment with us. These agreements do not provide for payments to be made as a result of
any change in control of us, or a change in the person's responsibilities following such a change in control. Our Company entered
into a Management Consulting Agreement with our parent company, IHG, on December 1, 2017. The agreement is attached as Exhibit
10.1 to the Amend. No. 1 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. The term of the agreement is until terminated
with 30 days prior notice. We agreed to pay IHG 25,000 for services occurring in 2017, payable as cash, stock, or both upon mutual
agreement. We will limit expenses of IHG pursuant to the allocations made in the budget, and all reasonable pre-approved out-of-pocket
expenses actually incurred by IHG on behalf of the Company will be reimbursed. IHG agreed to assist the Company in all filing
necessary to be a fully reporting public company, assist the Company in public relations, evaluate candidates for the portfolio
of companies in merchant banking, establish new contacts for the Company and develop proposals and deals to capture revenues,
and assist the Company in their capital funding strategy. IHG have continued to consult for the Company and for their services,
they have been paid 294,401 and 344,642 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

Our board of
directors in our entirety acts as the compensation committee for BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

The following
table sets forth certain information concerning compensation paid to our directors for services as directors, but not including
compensation for services as officers reported in the Summary Executives Compensation Table during the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, and 2019: 

Name 
 
 Year 
 
 Fees
 earned or paid in cash 
 ) 

Stock
 awards 
 ) 
 
 Option
 awards ) 
 
 Non-equity
 incentive plan compensation ) 
 
 Non-qualified
 deferred compensation earnings 
 ) 
 
 All
 other compensation ) 

Total 
 ) 
 
 John
 Noble Harris, 

2022 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Director (1) 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2020 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2019 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Joseph E. Kurczodyna, 

2022 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Director 

2021 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2020 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

2019 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

Robert
 LaPointe, Jr. Director (2) 

N/A 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

All
 Current Directors 

2022 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

0 

_______ 

(1) 
 Mr. Harris resigned
 as an officer and director effective November 22, 2022. 

(2) 
 Mr. LaPointe was
 elected director effective November 22, 2022. 

61 

Table of Contents 

The term of
office for each Director is one (1) year, or until his/her successor is elected at our annual meeting and qualified. The term
of office for each of our Officers is at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

The Board of
Directors has no nominating, auditing committee or a compensation committee. Therefore, the selection of person or election to
the Board of Directors was neither independently made nor negotiated at arm's length. 

At this time,
our Directors do not receive cash compensation for serving as members of our Board of Directors. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification 

We are a Delaware
corporation. The Delaware General Corporation Laws (DGCL) provides that the articles of incorporation of a Delaware corporation
may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or our stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except that any such provision may not eliminate or limit the liability
of a director (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or our stockholders, (ii) acts or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) acts specified in Section
78 (concerning unlawful distributions), or (iv) any transaction from which a director directly or indirectly derived an improper
personal benefit. Our articles of incorporation contain a provision eliminating the personal liability of directors to our company 
or our stockholders for monetary damages to the fullest extent provided by the DGCL. 

The DGCL provides
that a Delaware corporation must indemnify a person who was wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, in defense of any threatened,
pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative and whether formal
or informal (a Proceeding ), in which he or she was a party because the person is or was a director, against reasonable
expenses incurred by him or her in connection with the Proceeding, unless such indemnity is limited by the corporation s
articles of incorporation. Our articles of incorporation do not contain any such limitation. 

The DGCL provides
that a Delaware corporation may indemnify a person made a party to a Proceeding because the person is or was a director against
any obligation incurred with respect to a Proceeding to pay a judgment, settlement, penalty, fine (including an excise tax assessed
with respect to an employee benefit plan) or reasonable expenses incurred in the Proceeding if the person conducted himself or
herself in good faith and the person reasonably believed, in the case of conduct in an official capacity with the corporation,
that the person s conduct was in the corporation s best interests and, in all other cases, his or her conduct was
at least not opposed to the corporation s best interests and, with respect to any criminal proceedings, the person had no
reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws allow for such indemnification.
A corporation may not indemnify a director in connection with any Proceeding by or in the right of the corporation in which the
director was adjudged liable to the corporation or, in connection with any other Proceeding charging that the director derived
an improper personal benefit, whether or not involving actions in an official capacity, in which Proceeding the director was judged
liable on the basis that he or she derived an improper personal benefit. Any indemnification permitted in connection with a Proceeding
by or in the right of the corporation is limited to reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such Proceeding. 

The DGCL, unless
otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, a Delaware corporation may indemnify an officer, employee, fiduciary, or
agent of the corporation to the same extent as a director and may indemnify such a person who is not a director to a greater extent,
if not inconsistent with public policy and if provided for by our bylaws, general or specific action of our board of directors
or stockholders, or contract. Our articles of incorporation provide for indemnification of our directors, officers, employees,
fiduciaries and agents to the full extent permitted by Delaware law. 

Our articles
of incorporation also provide that we may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or
officer of our company or who is or was serving at our request as a director, officer or agent of another enterprise against any
liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity or arising out of his or her status as such,
whether or not we would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability. 

62 

Table of Contents 

EQUITY COMPENSATION
PLAN INFORMATION 

Key Employees
Stock Compensation Plan 

Effective December
1, 2016, our Stock Option and Award Plan (the "Stock Incentive Plan") was approved by our Board of Directors. Under
the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board of Directors may grant options or purchase rights to purchase common stock to officers, employees,
and other persons who provide services to us or any related company. The participants to whom awards are granted, the type of
awards granted, the number of shares covered for each award, and the purchase or exercise price, conditions and other terms of
each award are determined by the Board of Directors, except that the term of the options shall not exceed 10 years. A total of
10 million shares of our common stock are subject to the Stock Incentive Plan and maybe either a qualified or non-qualified stock
option. The shares issued for the Stock Incentive Plan may be either treasury or authorized and unissued shares. As of December
31, 2022, we have granted no stock options to purchase any shares of our common stock under the Plan. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following
table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our outstanding common stock by: 

each person who
 is known by us to be the beneficial owner of five percent (5 or more of our common stock; 

our executive officers,
 and each director as identified in the Management Executive Compensation section; and 

all of our directors
 and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial ownership
is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment
power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock and options, warrants and convertible securities that are currently exercisable
or convertible within 60 days of the date of this document into shares of our common stock are deemed to be outstanding and to
be beneficially owned by the person holding the options, warrants or convertible securities for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of the person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. 

The information
below is based on the number of shares of our common stock that we believe was beneficially owned by each person or entity as
of March 15, 2023. 

(REMAINDER
OF PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY) 

63 

Table of Contents 

OFFICERS
AND DIRECTORS 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Name
 of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Percent
 of Class Outstanding (2)(4)(5) 
 
 Number
 of Shares Warrants if fully exercised 
 
 Percent
 of Class including Warrants 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 The
 estate of John Noble Harris, 
 Former Chief Executive Officer and Director (3)(4)(6) 

9,119,369 

1.47 

9,119,369 

1.47 

Class A Preferred
 Convertible Stock 
 
 The estate of John
 Noble Harris, Former 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (3)(4)(6) 

1,000,000 

100 

N/A 

N/A 

Common Stock 
 
 Joseph E. Kurczodyna, 
 Acting Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director
 (3)(4) 

9,119,369 

1.47 

9,119,369 

1.47 

Class A Preferred
 Convertible Stock 
 
 Joseph E. Kurczodyna, 
 Acting Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director
 (3)(4) 

1,000,000 

100 

N/A 

N/A 

Common Stock 
 
 Robert LaPointe,
 Jr., Director (7) 

342,593 

0.06 

342,593 

0.06 

Common Shares 
 
 All Directors and
 Executive Officers as a Group (2 persons) (7) 

9,461,962 

1.52 

9,461,962 

1.52 

Preferred
 Shares 
 
 All
 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (2 persons) 

1,000,000 

100 

N/A 

N/A 

(1) 
 The address of each
 person listed above, unless otherwise indicated, is c/o BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc., 4450 Arapahoe Ave., Suite 100, Boulder,
 CO 80303. 

(2) 
 Based upon 622,460,353
 common shares issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis as of March 15, 2023. (Does not include conversion rights
 of Class A Preferred Super Majority Voting Convertible Stock held by International Hedge Group, Inc., or any shares
 reserved under convertible notes). 

(3) 
 Mr. Kurczodyna and
 the estate of Mr. Harris are an individual and an estate owning and/or controlling International Hedge Group, Inc. and deemed
 beneficial owners. Mr. Harris passed away on December 15, 2022. 

(4) 
 International Hedge
 Group, Inc. IHG ), the estate of Mr. Harris, and Mr. Kurczodyna are shown collectively as each own significant
 IHG common shares. IHG also controls voting of the BlackStar Class A Super Majority Voting Preferred stock which votes 60 
 of the common at all times. Mr. Kurczodyna additionally has effective control of IHG through IHG Class A Super Majority Voting
 Preferred shares. 

(5) 
 Including other
 affiliate companies of Mr. Kurczodyna and the estate of Mr. Harris. The estate of Mr. Harris owns 2,884,445 shares and 1,442,222
 through an affiliated company, for a total of 4,326,667 (0.70 ), not including ownership in IHG. Mr. Kurczodyna owns 2,884,445
 shares personally and 1,442,222 through an affiliated company, for a total of 4,326,667 (0.70 ), not including ownership in
 IHG. Mr. Kurczodyna additionally has effective control of IHG through IHG Class A Super Majority Voting Preferred shares. 

(6) 
 Mr. Harris resigned
 as an officer and director of the Company as of November 22, 2022. 

(7) 
 Mr. LaPointe was
 elected a director of the Company effective November 22, 2022, and his holdings are reflected with Mr. Kurczodyna s
 in the total. 

64 

Table of Contents 

GREATER THAN
5 STOCKHOLDERS 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Name
 of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Percent
 of Class Outstanding (2)(4)(5) 
 
 Number
 of Shares Warrants if fully exercised 
 
 Percent
 of Class including Warrants 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 International
 Hedge Group, Inc. (4) 

4,792,702 

0.77 

4,792,702 

0.77 

Class A Preferred
 Convertible Stock 
 
 International Hedge
 Group, Inc. (4) 

1,000,000 

100 

N/A 

N/A 

Common Stock 
 
 Estate of John Noble
 Harris, 
 Former Chief Executive Officer and Director (3)(4)(6) 

9,119,369 

1.47 

9,119,369 

1.47 

Class A Preferred
 Convertible Stock 
 
 Estate of John Noble
 Harris, 
 Former Chief Executive Officer and Director (3)(4)(6) 

1,000,000 

100 

N/A 

N/A 

Common Stock 
 
 Joseph E. Kurczodyna, 
 Acting Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director
 (3)(4) 

9,119,369 

1.47 

9,119,369 

1.47 

Class
 A Preferred Convertible Stock 
 
 Joseph
 E. Kurczodyna, 
 Acting Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director
 (3)(4) 

1,000,000 

100 

N/A 

N/A 

Total
 Common 

13,788,629 

2.22 

13,788,629 

2.22 

Total
 Class A Preferred Convertible Stock 

1,000,000 

100 

1,000,000 

100 

________________ 

(1) 
 The address of each
 person listed above, unless otherwise indicated, is c/o BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc., 4450 Arapahoe Ave., Suite 100, Boulder,
 CO 80303. 

(2) 
 Based upon 622,460,353
 shares issued and outstanding on a fully diluted basis as of March 15, 2023. (Does not include conversion rights of
 Class A Preferred Super Majority Voting Convertible Stock held by International Hedge Group, Inc., or any shares reserved
 under convertible notes). 

(3) 
 Mr. Kurczodyna and
 the estate of Mr. Harris are an individual and estate owning and controlling International Hedge Group, Inc. and deemed beneficial
 owners. Mr. Harris passed away on December 15, 2022. 

(4) 
 International Hedge
 Group, Inc. IHG ), the estate of Mr. Harris, and Mr. Kurczodyna are shown collectively as they jointly own IHG.
 IHG also controls voting of the BlackStar Class A Super Majority Voting Preferred stock which votes 60 of the common at all
 times. Mr. Kurczodyna additionally has effective control of IHG through IHG Class A Super Majority Voting Preferred shares. 

(5) 
 Including other
 affiliate companies of the estate of Mr. Harris and Mr. Kurczodyna. The estate of Mr. Harris owns 2,884,445 shares and 1,442,222
 through an affiliated company, for a total of 4,326,667 (0.70 ), not including ownership in IHG. Mr. Kurczodyna owns 2,884,445
 shares personally and 1,442,222 through an affiliated company, for a total of 4,326,667 (0.70 ), not including ownership in
 IHG. Mr. Kurczodyna additionally has effective control of IHG through IHG Class A Super Majority Voting Preferred shares. 

(6) 
 Mr. Harris resigned
 as an officer and director of the Company as of November 22, 2022. 

65 

Table of Contents 

Rule 13d-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 governs the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. That rule provides that a
beneficial owner of a security includes any person who directly or indirectly has or shares voting power and/or investment power
with respect to such security. Rule 13d-3 also provides that a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who has the
right to acquire beneficial ownership of such security within sixty days, including through the exercise of any option, warrant
or conversion of a security. Any securities not outstanding which are subject to such options, warrants or conversion privileges
are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of outstanding securities of the class owned by such
person. Those securities are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of the class owned by any
other person. Included in this table are only those derivative securities with exercise prices that we believe have a reasonable
likelihood of being in the money within the next sixty days. Please note that all convertible notes outstanding
contain provisions prohibiting the holders from converting if their ownership would become greater than 4.99 . 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR END 

We adopted a
Stock Option and Award Plan on December 1, 2016. We have authorized 10,000,000 shares of common stock to be available for the
Plan. We have granted no options exercisable for shares of our common stock under the Plan. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Other than the
transactions discussed below, we have not entered into any transaction in past two years, nor are there any proposed transactions
in which any of the founders, directors, executive officers, shareholders or any members of the immediate family of any of the
foregoing had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest. 

On December
18, 2020, our parent company, IHG, filed an amendment to their articles of incorporation designating 1,000,000 of their 20,000,000
authorized preferred shares to be designated Class A Preferred Stock and setting forth the Convertible Super Majority Voting Privileges.
The IHG Board of Directors authorized a vote by the disinterested shareholders, and a majority of shareholders voted in favor
of issuing the 1,000,000 IHG Class A Preferred shares to Mr. Kurczodyna as compensation for services provided to IHG. The holders
of the IHG Class A shall have that number of votes equal to that number of IHG common shares which is not less than 60 of the
vote required to approve any action, and the holders of IHG Class A Preferred may choose to convert the IHG Class A Preferred
Stock into shares of IHG common stock at the rate of one (1) IHG Class A Preferred for two-hundred ten (210) IHG common shares.
This is a significant increase to the control of IHG by Mr. Kurczodyna, which effectively means that Mr. Kurczodyna has control
of BlackStar since IHG owns the BlackStar Class A Super Majority Voting Preferred. Mr. Kurczodyna previously shared control of
IHG with Mr. Harris and Mr. Lahr. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

We incurred
approximately 30,000 in audit fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection
with the audit of financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. We incurred approximately 40,000 in audit
fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of financial statements
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

During the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not incur any other fees for professional services rendered by our principal independent
accountants for all other non-audit services which may include, but not limited to, tax related services, actuarial services or
valuation services. 

66 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

The following
exhibits are incorporated into this Form 10-K Annual Report: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3(i).1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation of NPI08, Inc. filed December 17, 2007 [1] 
 
 3(i).2 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of BlackStar Energy Group, Inc. name change to BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. filed July 14, 2016 
 [1] 
 
 3(i).3 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment filed August 25, 2016 [1] 
 
 3(i).4 
 
 Certificate
 of Correction filed August 25, 2016 [1] 
 
 3(i).5 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation for Crypto Equity Management Corp. [2] 
 
 3(i).6 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation for Crypto Industry SRO Inc. [3] 
 
 3(i).7 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment filed March 12, 2020 [6] 
 
 3(ii).1 
 
 Bylaws
 of BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. [1] 

10.1 
 
 Management
 Consulting Agreement BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. and International Hedge Group, Inc., December 1, 2017 
 [4] 
 
 10.2 
 
 Warrant
 to Purchase Digital Shares of Common Stock BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc. [4] 
 
 10.3 
 
 Warrant
 to Purchase Shares of Common Stock Crypto Equity Management Corp .
 [4] 
 
 10.4 
 
 Agreement
 with Solidgreen Software, LLC [5] 
 
 10.5 
 
 SAFE
 for BlackStar Digital Equities [5] 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded
 within the Inline XBRL document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained within Exhibit 101) 

___________________________ 

[1] 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the exhibits included in the Company s Registration Statement No. 000-55730 on Form 10-12g filed with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission (www.sec.gov), dated December 28, 2016, as amended. 
 
 [2] 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the exhibits included in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 (www.sec.gov), dated October 10, 2017. 
 
 [3] 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the exhibits included in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 (www.sec.gov), dated March 1, 2018. 
 
 [4] 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the exhibits included in the Company s Form 10-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 (www.sec.gov), dated July 3, 2018. 
 
 [5] 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the exhibits included in the Company s Form 10-K/A-2 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 (www.sec.gov), dated September 5, 2018. 
 
 [6] 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the exhibits included in the Company s Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 (www.sec.gov), dated May 12, 2020. 

67 

Table of Contents 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not Applicable. 

68 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to
the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BLACKSTAR
ENTERPRISE GROUP, INC. 

/s/
 Joseph E. Kurczodyna 
 
 April
 6, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 E. Kurczodyna 

(Acting
 Chief Executive Officer/Acting Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Joseph E. Kurczodyna 
 
 April
 6, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 E. Kurczodyna 

(Chief
 Financial Officer/Principal Financial Officer/Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Joseph
 E. Kurczodyna 
 
 April
 6, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 E. Kurczodyna, Director 

/s/ Robert
 LaPointe 
 
 April
 6, 2023 
 
 Robert
 LaPointe, Jr., Director 

69 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm

EXHIBIT 21 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Blockchain Equity Management Corp. BEMC formed September 30, 2017 in the State of Colorado as a for profit corporation; currently non-operational. 

Blockchain Equity SRO Inc. formed December
31, 2017 in the State of Colorado as a non-profit corporation; currently non-operational. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 

I, Joseph E. Kurczodyna, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s 4th quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: April 6, 2023 

/s/ Joseph E. Kurczodyna 

 _____________________________ 

 Joseph E. Kurczodyna, 

 Acting Chief Executive Acting Principal
Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT 

I, Joseph E. Kurczodyna, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10-K of BlackStar Enterprise Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s 4th quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: April 6, 2023 

/s/ Joseph E. Kurczodyna 

 _______________________________ 

 Joseph E. Kurczodyna, 

 Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial
Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32_1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of BlackStar
Enterprise Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph E. Kurczodyna, Acting Chief Executive Officer
and Acting Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 6, 2023 

/s/ Joseph E. Kurczodyna 

 __________________________________________ 

 Joseph E. Kurczodyna, 

 Acting Chief Executive Officer Acting
Principal Executive Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32_2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF DISCLOSURE PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of BlackStar
Enterprise Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph E. Kurczodyna, Chief Financial Officer, Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: April 6, 2023 

/s/ Joseph E. Kurczodyna 

 _____________________________________________________ 

 Joseph E. Kurczodyna, 

 Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial
Officer Principal Accounting Officer 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 begi-20221231.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 begi-20221231_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 begi-20221231_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 begi-20221231_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 begi-20221231_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

