<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230406_10-K_edgar_data_1854480_0001140361-23-017066.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6394694</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>543968</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1077971</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1607556</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1648749</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1235352</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-017066.hdr.sgml : 20230406
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230406170056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-017066
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230406
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230406

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Focus Impact Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001854480
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40977
		FILM NUMBER:		23806971

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		251 LITTLE FALLS DRIVE
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19808
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-909-3022

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		251 LITTLE FALLS DRIVE
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-017066.txt : 20230406

10-K
 1
 brhc10050067_10k.htm
 10-K

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from [ ] to [ ]

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(Commission File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

) 

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,
 of agent for service)

Copies of all communications, including communications sent to agent for
 service, should be sent to:

Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public : As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes
 effective. 

Title of Each Class:

Trading Symbol:

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered:

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
 company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes No 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with
 any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its
 internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether
 the financial statements of the registrant

included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
 issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a
 recovery analysis of incentive-based

compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery
 period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the
 registrant s Class A common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, at June 30, 2022, computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A common stock on such date, as reported
 on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, was approximately .

As of March 31, 2023 
 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001, were issued and
 outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

2 

PART I 

4 

ITEM 1.

BUSINESS 

4 

ITEM 1A.

RISK FACTORS 

31 

ITEM 1B.

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

64

ITEM 2.

PROPERTIES 

64

ITEM 3.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

64

ITEM 4.

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

64

PART II 

64

ITEM 5.

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

64

ITEM 6.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

66

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

66

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

70

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

70 

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

71 

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

71 

PART III 

72 

ITEM 10.

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

72 

ITEM 11.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

81 

ITEM 12.

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

82 

ITEM 13.

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

83 

ITEM 14.

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

86

PART IV 

86

ITEM 15.

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

86

ITEM 16.

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

89

i 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to:

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively;

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to the offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock
 issued upon the conversion thereof;

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our offering;

management or our management team are to our officers and directors, and directors are to our current directors;

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the offering;

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in the offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open
 market);

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our
 management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares;

sponsor are to Focus Impact Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

we, us, our , company , or our company are to Focus Impact Acquisition Corp.

1 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking
 statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or,
 in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to
 our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may
 differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to:

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete any initial business combination;

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive
 expense reimbursements;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;

the lack of a market for our securities;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or

our financial performance following the offering.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no
 assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
 results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under Risk Factors. Should one or
 more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or
 revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

2 

Table of Contents 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you
 that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in
 or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the
 forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.

SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS

We are a newly formed company that has conducted no operations and has generated no revenues. Until we complete our initial business combination, we will have no operations and will generate no
 operating revenues. In making your decision whether to invest in our securities, you should take into account not only the background of our management team, but also the special risks we face as a blank check company. Our initial public
 offering was not conducted in compliance with Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. Accordingly, you will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors in Rule 419 blank check offerings. For additional information
 concerning how Rule 419 blank check offerings differ from our initial public offering, please see the section of this Report entitled Business - Comparison of Our Initial Public Offering to Those of Blank Check Companies Subject to Rule 419. 
 You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section of this Report entitled Risk Factors. 

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I

ITEM 1. 

BUSINESS

Overview

We are a blank check company with a mission to amplify social impact by investing in a high-growth company that is meaningfully aligned with one or more of four UN SDGs: Three (Good Health and
 Well-being); Four (Quality Education); Eight (Decent Work and Economic Growth); and Ten (Reduced Inequality). We define such businesses as Social-Forward Companies, and we believe meaningful alignment can be achieved through, among other
 things, a company s business model, leadership, investment in its employees and commitment to its community. Through our focus, we hope to increase public market access for Social-Forward Companies and emphasize their potential competitive
 advantages in today s markets and going forward.

In pursuit of this mission, Focus Impact Acquisition Corporation was formed as a Delaware corporation with a dual purpose: first, to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
 stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction with one or more businesses (the initial business combination and second, to encourage the development, deployment and amplification of financially and socially value-accretive operating
 practices and policies in the post-combination business.

We believe executing this dual purpose will simultaneously enhance our target business competitiveness while also advancing social impact. We find support both in credible research and in our
 management team s professional experience for a connection between a business s social commitments and competitive advantages. A National Bureau of Economic Research study found that employment opportunities that are social
 responsibility-oriented attract 25 more applicants, and those who they attract are more productive and produce higher quality work. Another study by a marketing agency found that 79 of Americans surveyed say they are more loyal as customers
 to purpose-driven brands than traditional brands. There is additional evidence that diversity of leadership correlates positively with financial performance and innovation; firms that invest in employee development have less churn and
 outperform; and a robust ESG framework mitigates risks. We believe we have seen evidence of such connections and more in our own leadership experience.

We also believe there are a large number of potential Social-Forward Companies. To narrow our search, we plan to
 focus on high-growth businesses in the education technology (EdTech), technology-enabled manufacturing and services, financial technology (FinTech) and healthcare technology (Health Tech) sectors, as well as on compelling companies in these
 or other sectors led by, founded by or serving BIPOC or women. As we discuss in more detail below, our four target sectors had an estimated combined global market size, measured by revenues, of approximately 688 billion at the time of our
 initial public offering, and the universe of BIPOC- and women-led or focused businesses expands our target pool further. Within this universe, we will identify companies well-positioned to generate financial and social value when provided
 access to public markets, support from our leadership and our strategic partners and networks.

We believe that many companies in our four target sectors are either providing or capable of providing greater access for disadvantaged populations to essential services and opportunities in
 education, health and professional development. Further, we believe that BIPOC and women-led or focused businesses have been disadvantaged in terms of access to capital and therefore undervalued by markets. We believe elevating talented BIPOC
 and women executives into the public markets would contribute to reducing inequality by further improving the visibility of under-represented leaders. We believe that responsibly delivering capital to these sectors-and to BIPOC and women
 leaders-can be socially beneficial in and of itself.

Our team has particular expertise in our four target sectors, which we believe will position us to be a like-minded, operationally and financially sophisticated partner for the Social-Forward
 Companies that we target and provide us with an advantage in the market for such businesses. Additionally, we believe that our network and affiliation with Auldbrass Partners, an investment management fund and investor in our sponsor, will
 enhance our ability to source and execute an attractive initial business combination and provide us with differentiated access to pre-IPO businesses, particularly within our target industries.

4 

Table of Contents 

While we may pursue an initial business combination in any industry or geographic location, we intend to focus our search in the United States. We have not selected any business combination
 target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. Our target business does not need to already be a leader relative to its peers in terms
 of social forward-best practices. We intend to work with the target to unlock the value of its social investments in its business model, leadership, employees or commitment to its community.

Our Mission

Our mission is to amplify social impact by elevating the profile of Social-Forward Companies in public markets. We observe that, traditionally, companies create economic value through the
 deployment of strategic capital into their goods, services, people and processes for the benefit of shareholders. However, we believe that in addition to such traditional methods of value creation, businesses can incrementally increase economic
 value by intentionally pursuing social impact and generating positive outcomes for their stakeholders. Although there are many ways to pursue social impact, we chose to focus on those companies actively or intending to become meaningfully
 aligned with UN SDGs Three, Four, Eight and Ten in their business models, leadership, investment in employees or commitment to community.

It is our conviction that our process of identifying and investing in a Social-Forward Company will drive an increase of attention and equity capital towards this company specifically and
 similar companies in general; increase awareness of social issues related to SDGs Three, Four, Eight and Ten; and contribute simultaneously to economic growth and social impact. We further believe that investing in such a business represents an
 attractive and underappreciated economic opportunity for the benefit of all participating stakeholders.

We intend to demonstrate the incremental value available to Social-Forward Companies not only by means of our investment criteria and operational objectives but in other aspects of our company.
 Recognizing value in diversity is a key component of driving social impact. Founded by a BIPOC leadership group, our company has purposefully and carefully curated a group of directors and advisors comprised of BIPOC and women leaders. In
 addition, we are working with BIPOC- or women-led teams for underwriting, accounting and auditing services. We believe our unique combination of experiences and perspectives will help us accomplish our mission as a partner, while enhancing our
 attractiveness to potential target companies.

Our hope is that our company serves not only as a precedent but also as an inspiration and catalyst for other social-forward leaders interested in creating financial and social value through
 public market participation.

The Current Situation and Our Opportunity

Our focus on Social-Forward Companies aligns with what we believe are prominent and long-term social and economic trends. We assert that a confluence of factors creates opportunities for a
 blank check company such as ours.

There is a growing body of evidence that companies with a strong social profile-that is, those with a commitment
 to the S in ESG-outperform those with a weak social profile. For example, data provider MSCI has found that, over a 13-year back-tested period, top quintile S companies in the MSCI World Index outperformed bottom quintile companies in
 terms of both return and risk-adjusted return. Non-profit organization JUST Capital has found that, for the calendar year 2021, the cumulative return of Russell 1000 companies in the top quintile when scored for workforce investment and
 training outperformed the broader Russell 1000 by over 5 . Our team members have each in her/his own context directly observed the organizational performance benefits of a social impact orientation, whether expressed in the social purpose of
 a business, contributions to a community, diversity and inclusion or other ways.

5 

Table of Contents 

Recent years have seen a surge in attention to Environmental, Social and Governance factors as indicators of
 risk, opportunity and long-term, sustainable value. According to the latest Global Sustainable Investment Alliance Review in 2020, the pool of assets seeking ESG-aligned strategies that year topped 35 trillion, and we believe this number to
 have grown since then. Many companies are also aligning around the UN SDG framework for measuring and reporting their sustainability impacts and contributions. Per the 2020 UN Global Compact Progress Report, of the 615 companies surveyed, 84 
 reported taking specific action to advance the SDGs, and only 39 of companies believed their own targets were sufficiently ambitious. In the finance community, firms with assets under management of over 121 trillion had signed the UN
 Principles for Responsible Investment as of December 2022.

While the ESG concept is gaining traction, the attention has not been equally distributed across the E, S and G
 factors nor across the SDGs. A 2017 study by the New York University Stern Center for Business and Human Rights found that the S factors in ESG frameworks were either too vague or too limited to provide insight into corporate performance.
 In a 2021 BNP Paribas survey, 51 of the 356 respondents indicated that the S component was the most difficult element to incorporate into their investment analysis. However, COVID-19 has put into sharp focus the importance of social
 factors generally and unequal access to healthcare and technology among different groups in the United States in particular. We assert that the pandemic has set back our country s progress with regard to SDGs Three, Four, Eight and Ten.

The need for corporations and the private sector to be intentional about social impact is clear. Even before COVID-19, the influential Business Roundtable Group in 2019 expanded its definition
 of the purpose of a corporation to consider the needs of stakeholders beyond shareholders, committing signatories to invest in employees and support communities, among other items. In the intervening months, we have observed many companies make
 strong commitments aligned with our select SDGs and focus on BIPOC and women. Nasdaq has proposed new board diversity listing requirements for companies on its U.S. exchange, and our underwriters on this transaction have both committed to
 expanding capital access to under-represented and under-financed minority populations. According to the 2020 Edelman Trust Barometer for institutional investors, S jumped from being the least important ESG factor in past years to the most
 important factor for U.S. participants of the survey.

As we seek to leverage these trends and findings, we choose to focus on those companies materially aligned to promote the achievement of SDGs Three (Good Health and Well-being), Four (Quality
 Education), Eight (Decent Work and Economic Growth) or Ten (Reduced Inequality). While we believe that all the SDGs are crucial to creating a more sustainable future, we feel our team s combined experience is most relevant to these areas, and
 we further believe that there is extraordinary economic opportunity for the industries and companies addressing these themes. It is our belief that companies in our target sectors can address the underlying challenges in our select SDGs. Across
 EdTech, tech-enabled manufacturing and services, FinTech and Health Tech, as well as BIPOC and women-led or focused businesses, we see opportunity to invest in companies positioned to improve access to services and drive social impact in the
 United States.

EdTech. 
 According to industry data, global revenues for education technology are projected to grow to over 400 billion by 2025. Growth in the sector accelerated through the COVID-19 pandemic as schools, universities and training centers reverted to
 remote learning, and we do not believe the world will return to the same degree of in-person instruction post-COVID. We view EdTech as being essential to providing educational and up-skilling opportunities for life-long learners regardless of
 where they are located. The U.S. accounted for 31 of global VC spending in the education sector from 2010 to the first half of 2020.

Tech-Enabled
 Manufacturing and Services . According to industry data, global revenues for the tech-enabled manufacturing sector are projected to reach 385 billion by 2025. Real-time operational optimization, robotics, robust data analytics,
 enhanced safety, processes in automated communication with each other and the software to manage these new networks are driving change in the workplace. While we expect that these trends will to some extent inevitably lead to the replacement of
 labor with capital, these changes also have the potential to improve the nature of work and introduce new types of professions.

6 

Table of Contents 

FinTech .
 FinTech start-ups and growth-stage companies are disrupting the delivery and operations of financial services. In our view, such disruptive companies could not only improve the provision of financial services to existing customers but also
 meaningfully expand access to financial services to previously underserved groups-including BIPOC and women. We believe that traditional financial firms are foregoing a substantial market opportunity by failing to adequately provide services
 to BIPOC and women customers. We believe that the value of these markets will accrue to the FinTech firms expanding access to services through innovation.

Health Tech .
 The integration of application software, distributed connectivity, artificial intelligence, wearables, and personalization insights into the healthcare system is reshaping the healthcare sector. According to industry data, the healthcare
 technology sector is estimated to have generated 96.5 billion of global revenue in 2020, with North America accounting for almost 40 of this value. A 2020 McKinsey Company report predicted that the sustained expansion of telehealth in
 the post-COVID period could shift 250 billion of U.S. healthcare expenditures to virtual or near-virtual care in the near future, which would equate to 20 of total 2020 office, outpatient, and home health spending. We believe that this has the potential to greatly expand access to health services and that other components of the Health Tech vertical could be equally
 revolutionary.

Led by, Founded
 by or Serving BIPOC and Women . We know that BIPOC- and women-led or focused businesses suffer from disadvantaged access to capital. In 2020, the share of venture capital flowing to women-founded companies fell from 2.8 in 2019 to
 2.3 , per Crunchbase data. The World Economic Form similarly reported that, investments in Black founded startups plummeted by 45 in 2022 while, the share of venture capital funding Black women was only 0.34 of all total venture capital
 spent in the US. It is our conviction that BIPOC- and women-led or focused businesses are being under-financed and under-valued, and we might choose to provide capital to a compelling business outside of our four core sectors as long as it
 otherwise meets our investment criteria.

Our target business does not need to already be a leader relative to its peers in terms of social forward-best practices. By working with the company, we intend to unlock, together, the full
 value of its social investments in its business model, leadership, investment in its employees and commitment to its community. We believe our focus on Social-Forward Companies will help drive increased public market access for such companies,
 emphasize their competitive advantages in today s markets and in the future, and set an example for other demonstrated or aspirational social-forward leaders. By these means, we hope to amplify corporate social impact beyond just our own
 efforts.

Our Team, Auldbrass Partners, and Advisory Board

Our company s officers, directors, affiliation with Auldbrass Partners and advisors bring together complementary expertise, resources and networks in addition to their experience leading
 organizations and executing transactions across business cycles. Our officers, directors, and advisors as well as professionals at Auldbrass Partners also have experience transacting with and guiding growth companies in private markets.
 Further, several of our team have previously implemented socially-forward programs in other organizations. We believe in the corporate value of amplifying social impact based on direct experience. For these reasons, we believe we are well
 positioned to identify and complete an attractive business combination and can deliver upon a differentiated strategy.

Our Team

The management team consists of Carl Stanton (CEO), Ernest Lyles (CFO) and Wray Thorn (CIO). Our board of directors includes Howard Sanders (Lead Director),Troy Carter (Independent Director), 
 Dawanna Williams (Independent Director) and Dia Simms (Independent Director).

7 

Table of Contents 

Our team is comprised of professionals with experience in investment banking, operational management, technology, marketing, corporate governance, leadership development, and other areas of
 potential value to our company and our target business. We are all aligned with regard to the value of Social-Forward Companies. We intend to leverage our team s expertise and networks to both identify a range of potential target businesses and
 create shareholder value in the initial business combination.

Troy Carter, Independent Director. Troy Carter is the founder and CEO of Q A, a music technology company focused on building software solutions for
 recording artists via distribution and analytics. He also serves as an advisor to the NBA Players Association and The Prince Estate. Prior to founding Q A, Troy was Global Head of Creator Services at Spotify from 2016 to 2018 and then
 served in a consulting role for CEO Daniel Ek until 2019. Troy serves on the boards of WeTransfer and SoundCloud, and served as an advisor to Lyft. He is also an active early stage investor, including in companies such as Uber, Lyft, Dropbox,
 Spotify, Slack, Warby Parker, Gimlet Media, and Thrive Market. Troy previously founded the entertainment company, Atom Factory, in 2008, where he worked with Lady Gaga, John Legend and Meghan Trainor.

Troy is an executive member on the boards of trustees at The Aspen Institute and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art as well as a Henry Crown Fellow. In addition, he is a member of the United
 Nations Foundation Global Entrepreneurs Council. Troy also has served on the boards of directors of the Los Angeles Mayor s Council for Technology Innovation and CalArts. Troy has previously been included on Fast Company s list of most
 creative people and on Billboard s Power 100 list, an annual ranking the music industry s top influencers.

Ernest D. Lyles II, CFO. Ernest Lyles is the CEO of The HiGro Group, a mission driven private equity firm focused on buyout investing in the lower middle
 market, which he founded in 2016. As CEO, Ernest oversees all aspects of the firm including investment activities, growth initiatives and talent management. Additionally, he serves as a board observer of EMSAR and lead director of DRS Imaging
 Services, two HiGro portfolio companies. Prior to founding The HiGro Group, Ernest spent a decade as an investment banker with UBS Investment Bank where his tenure included advising the world s most notable corporations and private equity
 firms. As the head of technology and business services at UBS Investment Bank, Ernest became the most senior African-American investment banker within the firm s industry coverage groups.

Ernest serves as a director on the boards of the Citizens Committee for New York, Scan / Harbor and Manhattan Country School. Ernest also is a member of the New York Economic Club and Founder
 of the UTULIVU Group, a mission driven non-profit focused on the continuity of holistic achievement by high performing Black men. Ernest attended The Howard University School of Law in Washington DC and Shepherd University in West Virginia.

Howard L. Sanders, Lead Director. Howard Sanders is the managing member of Auldbrass Partners, a growth-focused private equity firm investing primarily
 in secondaries transactions, which he founded in 2011. Howard heads Auldbrass Partners transactional sourcing, deal execution, investment strategy and business development. He has led successful Auldbrass Partners investments in SaaS (Software
 as a Service), PaaS (Platform as a Service), Tech-enabled manufacturing and services, Healthcare and EdTech companies. Before founding Auldbrass Partners, Howard was a managing director at Citigroup where he was responsible for managing and directing Citi Holdings proprietary investments in private equity, hedge funds and real estate. Prior to Citi, Howard was a vice president in mergers and acquisitions for Deutsche Bank (a
 successor to James D. Wolfensohn and Co.). He also previously served as an adjunct professor at Columbia Business School.

Howard is currently a board member of the Partnership for New York City Foundation, the Riverside Church in the City of New York and the Undergraduate Executive Board of the Wharton School at
 the University of Pennsylvania. He holds an MBA from Harvard University and a BS from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.

Carl M. Stanton, CEO. Carl brings nearly three decades of experience in leading companies across transformative Private Equity/Alternative Asset
 management with a proven track record in creating shareholder value. Carl has unique knowledge and skills across all facets of Asset Management. He is a team builder and has managed and co-led two Alternative Asset Management firms totaling
 over 4.5 billion AUM, and has delivered best-in-class investment performance results along with colleagues over multiple funds.

8 

Table of Contents 

He has advised CEOs, CFOs, and Boards of Directors of multiple companies and spread managerial, financial, and strategic best practices with demonstrated expertise in value creation strategies
 including revenue growth strategies, industry transformation, cost control, supply chain management, and technology best practices. Carl has also served as Board Member to more than 15 portfolio companies across Industrial Products 
 Services, Transportation Logistics and Consumer industries.

Carl is former Managing Partner and Head of Private Equity for Invesco Private Capital, a division of Invesco, Ltd. (NYSE: IVZ), which managed private investment vehicles across private equity,
 venture capital, and real estate. At Invesco Private Capital, Carl was responsible for overseeing multiple alternative asset investment Funds and served as Chair of Investment Committee for domestic PE efforts. Prior to Invesco, Carl served as
 Managing Partner and co-owner at Wellspring Capital Management LLC, a private equity investment firm focused on control investments in growing companies in the industrial products services, healthcare and consumer industries. He oversaw
 and approved all investments as a member of the Investment Committee. At the time of his retirement in 2015, the firm had invested more than 2.5 billion in 35 platform companies and achieved top-tier investment results.

Currently, Carl serves as the Founder of cbGrowth Partners, which focuses on sustainable investments, and serves as Advisor to Auldbrass Partners. Previously, Carl worked at Dimeling, Schreiber
 Park, Peter J Solomon Co, Associates, and Ernst Young Corporate Finance LLC. Mr. Stanton holds a BS degree in Accounting from the University of Alabama and an MBA degree from Harvard Business School. He resides in New York
 with his family and serves as Trustee, Treasurer and Head of Finance and Endowment Committee of Christ Church United Methodist, a nonprofit organization. He also serves as Board of Visitors at the University of Alabama, College of Commerce.

Wray T. Thorn, CIO. Wray is the Founder and Chief Executive of Clear Heights Capital, a private investment firm committed to helping companies realize
 their growth and development objectives. Wray is deeply involved in building and leading businesses to source, structure, finance and make private investments as well as helping companies, organizations and executives realize their growth and
 development objectives. With over two decades of experience as a Chief Investment Officer, investment leader and lead director, Wray has firsthand knowledge of investment firm leadership, private investing and company value creation. Wray has
 also been at the forefront of proactive ESG principals, putting people first in private investing as well as applying data and technology to innovate private investing.

Prior to founding Clear Heights Capital, Wray was Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer-Private Investments at Two Sigma Investments. Wray architected and led the firm s private equity
 (Sightway Capital), venture capital (Two Sigma Ventures) and impact (Two Sigma Impact) investment businesses as Chief Executive and Chief Investment Officer of TSPI, LP and Chair Venture Partner of TSV. During his 9-year tenure, Wray grew
 the private investment businesses to nearly 4 billion in AUM and 90 team members, with the dual objectives of building differentiated direct private investment businesses that capitalized on Two Sigma s capabilities in data science and
 technology through which a portion of the firm s proprietary capital could be invested alongside external investor capital.

Before Two Sigma, Wray was a Senior Managing Director with Marathon Asset Management, where he was a senior member of the investment team, developed the firm s private equity investment
 activities and played a role in many new business opportunities and capital formation initiatives for the firm. Prior to joining Marathon, Wray evaluated and executed management buyout transactions as a Director with Fox Paine Co. and as
 a Principal at Dubilier Co. Wray began his career in the financial analyst program at Chemical Bank (today, J.P. Morgan) as an Associate in the Acquisition Finance Group.

Wray has been involved in approximately 290 transactions, add-on acquisitions, realizations, corporate financings, fundraisings and other principal transactions with aggregate consideration in
 excess of 32 billion, including direct private equity, venture and third-party managed fund investments representing more than 2.8 billion in invested capital. Wray has been a part of driving shareholder value creation and corporate growth as
 member of boards and committees of more than 30 companies and investment funds, across industries including technology, financial services, education, consumer services and real assets.

9 

Table of Contents 

Wray is committed to giving back to the community, serving as Co-Chair of the Board of Youth, INC, as a grant monitor and event committee chair for Hour Children, as an Associate of the Harvard
 College Fund and previously as the founding President of the Saint Stephen of Hungary School Foundation. In his 15+ years working with Youth, INC, a venture philanthropy organization in New York City, Wray has engaged in many aspects of the
 organization s growth and development including recruiting senior leadership, leading strategic planning initiatives, chairing the governance and compensation committees and being a part of raising more than 100 million to transform the lives
 of NYC youth by empowering more than 175 grass-roots non-profits that serve them. Wray earned an A.B. from Harvard University.

Dawanna Williams, Independent Director. Dawanna serves as the managing principal at Dabar Development Partners, which she founded over 15 years ago.
 Dabar has developed over 3,000 apartments units covering more than 2 million square feet of mixed-use developments and has had principal involvement in development projects awarded by NYC S Department of Housing Preservation and Development
 (HPD), NYC s Economic Development Corporation (EDC), and New York City s Housing Authority (NYCHA). As managing principal, she is involved in all executive aspects of business operations, from developing strategic priorities to executing
 development projects to risk management to establishing firm values and standards. Prior to Dabar, Dawanna served as General Counsel at Victory Education Partners and as a senior associate in the commercial real estate group at Sidley Austin
 LLP.

Dawanna serves on the board of directors of the Apollo Theater, Compass Inc. and ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. Dawanna earned an A.B. from Smith College in economics and government, a master of
 public administration from Harvard University Kennedy School of Government, and a doctor of jurisprudence from the University of Maryland School of Law.

Dia Simms, Independent Director . Dia is the Chief Executive Officer of Lobos 1707 Tequila Mezcal, where she has
 served since August 2020. Dia leads Lobos 1707 alongside Founder and Chief Creative Officer Diego Osorio with early backing by sports and cultural icon, LeBron James. Dia is also a member of the board of directors of Tilt Holdings Inc. (NEO:
 TILT), where she has served since August 2020. Dia spent almost fifteen years working alongside Sean Diddy Combs at Combs Enterprises. In 2017, Dia was named President of Combs Enterprises, making her the first president in the company s
 thirty-year history other than Sean Combs himself. In her role as President, she oversaw multi-billion-dollar brands under the Combs empire, including C ROC Ultra-Premium Vodka, Blue Flame Agency, AQUAhydrate, Bad Boy Entertainment, Sean John
 and Revolt TV. Of note, Dia led the transformation of C ROC Ultra-Premium Vodka taking the previously unprofitable brand to a 2 billion retail value. 

Dia holds a B.S. degree in Psychology from Morgan State University and a Master s degree in Management from the Florida Institute of Technology.

Our sponsor may offer incentives, including an indirect interest in our sponsor, to any members of our team who materially contribute to the identification or execution of our initial business
 combination. The incentives available to our team will also be available on the same terms to our advisors and affiliates of Auldbrass Partners.

Auldbrass Partners

Auldbrass Partners is a private equity firm founded in 2011 and located in New York City. Auldbrass Partners has monitored and managed approximately 1.5 billion of global investments in
 growth, buyout, mezzanine, and venture capital and has an expansive pricing application analyzing over 300 investment funds, with over 5,000 active underlying companies. Auldbrass Partners leverages this database Thesys, now in its third
 iteration) to efficiently identify, evaluate and invest in private equity high growth opportunities through secondaries transactions.

Prior to the formation of Auldbrass Partners, our team (in aggregate) completed over 3.8 billion (500 funds) in secondary transactions across private equity, real estate, hedge fund side
 pockets, and mezzanine funds, with assets located in Europe, Asia, and North America. The Auldbrass Partners investment team also has significant primary and secondary investment experience as well as market knowledge across several alternative
 asset classes and maintains long-term relationships with 200 top-tier fund managers.

10 

Table of Contents 

Through Auldbrass Partners activities as a leading secondaries investor in middle market and late-stage growth portfolios, the firm and its employees have deep relationships across the private
 equity eco-sphere, and a sophisticated database of privately-owned companies (Thesys) that includes detailed, company-level information. Auldbrass Partners has successfully utilized Thesys to drive deal flow and will assist the company in the
 discovery of actionable opportunities and enhance strategic analysis.

Advisory Board

Our advisory board brings a unique and powerful blend of executive, investment, corporate strategy, talent development, sales and marketing, corporate finance, and social impact experience. We
 have purposefully and carefully curated an advisory board, the members of which bring complementary skills. We believe our advisory board members support our ability to identify and drive value in our initial business combination through their
 sourcing channels, relationship networks and leadership. We are confident that our advisory board members commit meaningful time and resources to assisting our company achieve our mission.

The members of our advisory board assist our management team with sourcing and evaluating business opportunities and devising plans and strategies to optimize any business that we acquire
 following the consummation of our initial public offering. However, unlike our management team, members of our advisory board are not responsible for managing our day-to-day affairs and have no authority to engage in substantive discussions
 with business combination targets on our behalf. Members of our advisory board are neither paid nor reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the search of business combination targets before or after the consummation of our
 initial business combination. We have not currently entered into any formal arrangements or agreements with the members of our advisory board to provide services to us, and they will have no fiduciary obligations to present business
 opportunities to us.

We believe that the experience and capabilities of our management, combined with the resources of Auldbrass Partners and our board of directors and advisory board, enhance our attractiveness to
 potential target businesses, enable us to pursue a broad range of opportunities, strengthen our ability to complete a successful combination, and drive our pursuit of financially and socially value-accretive operating practices and policies
 upon the completion of the initial business combination.

11 

Table of Contents 

With respect to the above, past performance of our management team, Auldbrass Partners, members of our advisory board or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) success
 with respect to a business combination that may be consummated or (ii) the ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team, Auldbrass Partners, members of our
 advisory board and their respective affiliates as indicative of future performance. See Risk Factors - Past performance by our management team, Auldbrass Partners, members of our advisory board and their respective affiliates may not be
 indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Our management has no prior experience in operating blank check companies or special purpose acquisition companies. For a list of our executive officers and entities for which a conflict
 of interest may or does exist between such officers and the company, please refer to Management - Conflicts of Interest. 

Our management team, sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial
 business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such
 other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will
 have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.

Our Business Strategy

Although we may pursue an initial business combination in any industry or geographic location, we intend to focus on high-growth businesses in the EdTech, technology-enabled manufacturing and
 services, FinTech and Health Tech sectors, as well as on compelling companies in these or other sectors led by, founded by or serving BIPOC or women in the United States. Based on the experiences of our officers, directors, partner and
 advisors, we believe that within this universe of businesses are many promising potential targets that could become attractive public companies with long-term growth opportunities and attractive competitive positioning. We believe that there
 are a large number of Social-Forward Companies in these sectors.

In executing our search and initial business combination, we plan to leverage the broad networks and complementary expertise of our officers, directors, advisory board members and Auldbrass
 Partners. We will also seek to attract promising private businesses to our company by emphasizing our ability to amplify the socially-forward aspects of a target business and unlock greater value from even an otherwise strong business. We
 believe that this combination of factors will bolster our ability to successfully complete a business acquisition that will enhance the overall value of our target and fulfill our mission.

We hope that our example inspires other companies and investors to enhance their own support for health and well-being, quality education, broad-based economic growth, decent work and greater
 economic equality in the United States.

Our networks and expertise have been developed through the experience of our officers, directors, partner and advisor by means of:

Sourcing, structuring, acquiring, integrating and selling businesses in and adjacent to our target sectors;

Operating sophisticated business and non-profit organizations and executing complex transactions;

Identifying, recruiting and developing promising talent;

Accessing the capital markets and marketing organizations; and,

Advising companies and boards on diverse corporate matters, including but not limited to the integration of socially positive concerns into business operations for value creation.

Our sponsor may offer incentives, including an indirect interest in our sponsor, to any members of our team who materially contribute to the identification or execution of our initial business
 combination.

12 

Table of Contents 

Demonstrating Our Commitment to Social Impact

Certain members of our sponsor intend to make a meaningful donation of interests in our sponsor to a charitable cause following the consummation of our initial business combination. We believe
 that this commitment will be highly appealing to market-leading companies across all sectors.

Our Competitive Advantage

We believe the reputation, sourcing, valuation, diligence and execution capabilities of our officers, directors, Auldbrass Partners and members of our advisory board all contribute towards our
 ability to generate a pipeline of opportunities from which to select a target business, to successfully execute a combination, and to create value for our shareholders following the combination.

We further believe that conducting our company as a Social-Forward Company and demonstrating our commitment to social impact through our donations make us more attractive to potential business
 targets and investors, many of which we believe have aligned values.

Our competitive strengths include the following:

Passion to fulfill our mission to develop as a successful public company using our Social-Forward criteria.

Compelling sourcing opportunities and strategic relationships, including our highly differentiated sourcing engine provided via our relationship with secondaries investment firm Auldbrass Partners, as well as the collective networks
 of our officers, directors, and advisory board members.

Extensive influence and reach through a broad network that spans a range of leaders in business, entertainment, government and philanthropy.

Successful track record of investing, transaction and capital markets experience that demonstrates a strong ability to source, select and execute.

Deep insights into and subject matter expertise in a target-rich universe that provides a large total addressable market.

Values-based leadership attractive to target businesses and with the ability to amplify and validate the efforts of a Social-Forward Company.

Our Combination Criteria

Our search for a combination target will focus on businesses that we believe would benefit from becoming publicly traded companies and stand to benefit from our mission. We believe that our
 strategy creates a compelling alternative for a growing Social-Forward Company to become a public entity, thereby potentially increasing capital access, gaining liquidity, diversifying investors and otherwise benefiting from participation in
 public markets.

We have developed a set of high-level investment criteria to guide our search for a target company. In addition to seeking businesses with strong business fundamentals and defined growth
 opportunities, we plan to prioritize businesses that:

Either demonstrate or appreciate the value of supporting health and well-being, quality education, reducing economic inequality and promoting decent work in the United States.

Are motivated to fulfill our mission and be positioned as, or further developed as, a Social-Forward Company.

13 

Table of Contents 

Are excited about working with our company to realize in parallel both shareholder and social value.

Are positioned to materially benefit from our officers and directors knowledge of the target industry and relationships.

Have strong management teams with a clear vision to either maintaining or, if an early-stage business, creating sustainable cash flows.

Are positioned to benefit from access to public capital markets and the merits of being a Social-Forward Company.

While not a requirement, we may prioritize companies with existing revenue and evidence of high growth.

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation of a particular initial business combination might be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as on
 other considerations, factors and criteria that our officers and directors may deem relevant. In the event that our company decides to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria, we
 would disclose that the target business diverges from the above guidelines in our shareholder communications related to the initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of tender offer documents or
 proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC.

Our Combination Process

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review, which may
 encompass, as applicable and among other things, utilization of independent consultants, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of
 financial and other information about the target and its industry.

We have not selected any potential business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, contacted any prospective target or had any substantive discussions, directly or
 indirectly, with any potential target regarding entering into an initial business combination with us.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with or related to Auldbrass Partners, our sponsor, officers, directors or members of our
 advisory board. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with or related to any of Auldbrass Partners, our sponsor, officers, directors or members of our advisory board, we, or a
 committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to
 our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Extension of Combination Period

On April 5, 2023, we filed a definitive proxy statement with the SEC (the Proxy Statement relating to an extraordinary meeting of shareholders (the Extension Meeting at which we will propose to extend to amend our amended

and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles Amendment to extend the date (the Termination Date by which we have to consummate a business combination from May 1, 2023 (the Original Termination Date to August 1,
 2023 (the Articles Extension Date and to allow us, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the Termination Date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to nine times by an additional one month each
 time after the Articles Extension Date, by resolution of the Company s board of directors if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date, until May 1, 2024, or a total of up to
 twelve months after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of our initial business combination shall have occurred prior to such date (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). 

As disclosed in the Proxy Statement, relating to the
 extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Extension Meeting ), the Sponsor agreed that if the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, it or one or more of its affiliates, members or third-party designees (the Lender will
 contribute to us as a loan, within five (5) business days of the date of the Extension Meeting, of the lesser of (a) an aggregate of 487,500 or (b) 0.0975 per share that is not redeemed in connection with the Extension Meeting, to be
 deposited into the trust account established in connection with our initial public offering. In addition, in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination by the Articles Extension Date, the Lender will contribute to us as
 a loan up to the lesser of (a) 1,462,500 or (b) 0.2925 per each share that is not redeemed in connection with the Extension Meeting in nine equal installments to be deposited into the Trust Account for each of nine one-month extensions following the Articles Extension Date. 

The Extension Meeting will be held on April 24, 2023.

Conflicts of Interest

There are potential conflicts of interest that could impact our company and our search for, and pursuit of, potential business combination opportunities, including potential conflicts
 associated with the interests and activities of Auldbrass Partners. These potential conflicts are discussed in more detail elsewhere in this Report and are not, and are not intended to be, a complete enumeration or explanation of all of the
 potential conflicts of interest that may arise.

Auldbrass Partners is an indirect investor in our sponsor. In addition, Howard Sanders, our lead director, is currently affiliated with Auldbrass Partners as a Founding Partner and a Managing
 Director in its advisory business.

14 

Table of Contents 

Auldbrass Partners manages or advises (and intends to manage and advise in the future) several investment programs. Funds managed by Auldbrass Partners may compete with us for acquisition
 opportunities. If these funds decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within Auldbrass Partners may be suitable for both us and for a current or
 future Auldbrass Partners fund or investee company and may be directed to such entity rather than to us. Auldbrass Partners, our management team and members of our advisory board do not have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for
 a potential business combination of which they become aware. See Risk Factors , including Potential conflicts of interest with other businesses of Auldbrass Partners or other businesses with which our officers, directors or members of the
 advisory board may have fiduciary or contractual obligations could negatively impact the performance of an investment in us. 

Our sponsor, investors in our sponsor, our directors and officers and members of our advisory board are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar
 business. Our sponsor, investors in our sponsor, our directors and officers and members of our advisory board are also not prohibited from sponsoring, or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies prior to us completing
 our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors (including our advisory board members), in their other endeavors (including any affiliation or relationship they may have with Auldbrass Partners), may choose or be
 required to present potential business combinations to Auldbrass Partners or to third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. As a result, if any of our officers, directors or members of the advisory board becomes aware of a
 business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business
 combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially
 affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such
 opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. Our directors and officers are not required to
 commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the
 related due diligence. See Risk Factors , including those entitled Potential conflicts of interest with other businesses of Auldbrass Partners or other businesses with which our officers, directors or members of the advisory board may have
 fiduciary or contractual obligations could negatively impact the performance of an investment in us , Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business
 activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented and Our officers and
 directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete
 our initial business combination. See also the section entitled Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest. 

Similarly, if Auldbrass Partners becomes aware of a potential business combination opportunity that could be an attractive opportunity for our company, Auldbrass Partners is not under any
 obligation to source any potential opportunities for our initial business combination or refer any such opportunities to our company or provide any other services to our company, other than certain advisory and administrative services.
 Auldbrass Partners may have fiduciary and/or contractual duties to other entities and, as a result, may have a duty to offer business combination opportunities to those entities before other parties, including our company. Additionally, certain
 companies with which Auldbrass Partners has a relationship may enter into transactions with, provide goods or services to, or receive goods or services from an entity with which we seek to complete our initial business combination. Transactions
 of these types may present a conflict of interest if Auldbrass Partners may directly or indirectly receive a financial benefit as a result of such transaction. We believe that any such potential conflicts of interest of Auldbrass Partners and
 any of our officers or directors that are affiliated with Auldbrass Partners will be naturally mitigated by the differing nature of services that Auldbrass Partners typically provides to its clients, as compared to our activities related to
 pursuing an initial business combination.

15 

Table of Contents 

In addition, each of our sponsor, directors and officers does, directly or indirectly, own, founder shares and/or private placement warrants following our initial public offering and,
 accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, such directors and officers may have a conflict of
 interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business
 combination. Our sponsor may offer incentives including an indirect interest in our sponsor to Auldbrass Partners employees or others who materially contribute to the identification or execution of our initial business combination.

Information regarding performance by, or business associated with, our management team, Auldbrass Partners, members of our advisory board or their respective affiliates is presented for
 informational purposes only. Past experience or performance of our management team, Auldbrass Partners, members of our advisory board or their respective affiliates or related entities is not a guarantee of either (1) our ability to
 successfully identify and execute a transaction or (2) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team. Auldbrass Partners, members of our advisory
 board or their respective affiliates or related entities or any investment s performance as indicative of the future performance of any investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us is
 not an investment in Auldbrass Partners. See Risk Factors - Past performance by our management team, Auldbrass Partners, members of our advisory board and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment
 in us. 

Our sponsor is Focus Impact Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Our sponsor currently owns shares of 5,750,000 Class B common stock and 11,200,000 private placement warrants. Our sponsor is governed
 by a five-member board of managers which has voting and dipositive power over the Class B common stock and private placement warrants held by our sponsor. Our sponsor is not controlled (as defined in 31 CFR 800.208) by a foreign person, such
 that our sponsor s involvement in the business combination would be a covered transaction (as defined in 31 CFR 800.213). However, it is possible that non-U.S. persons could be involved in our business combination, which may increase the risk
 that our business combination becomes subject to regulatory review, including review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), and that restrictions, limitations or conditions will be imposed by CFIUS. If our
 business combination with a U.S. business is subject to CFIUS review, the scope of which was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in
 sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory
 filings. If our potential business combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with a
 business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing a business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with
 respect to such business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may limit the attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain initial
 business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete a business combination may be limited and we may be adversely
 affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. A failure to notify CFIUS of a transaction where such notification was required or otherwise warranted based on
 the national security considerations presented by an investment target may expose our sponsor and/or the combined company to legal penalties, costs, and/or other adverse reputational and financial effects, thus potentially diminishing the value
 of the combined company. In addition, CFIUS is actively pursuing transactions that were not notified to it and may ask questions regarding, or impose restrictions or mitigation on, a business combination post-closing.

Moreover, the process of government review, whether by CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our business combination. If we cannot complete a business combination by May 1, 2023
 because the transaction is still under review or because our business combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate, our public shareholders may only receive
 approximately 10.00 per public share or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. This will also cause you to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your
 investment through any price appreciation in the combined company.

16 

Table of Contents 

Initial Business Combination

So long as our securities are then listed on Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least
 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board
 is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such
 criteria. Nasdaq rules also require that our initial business combination be approved by a majority of our independent directors.

We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or
 assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet
 certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons. However, we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of
 the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act.

Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority
 interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange
 for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to
 our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or
 acquired by the post- transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target
 business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking
 stockholder approval, as applicable. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on Nasdaq for
 whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test.

Our Management Team

Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs
 until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business
 combination and the current stage of the business combination process.

We believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and network of relationships with investment banks, private equity firms, professional advisors and senior industrial
 executives provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the
 world. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams. Our management team is
 also highly experienced in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. See the section of this Report entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for a more complete description of our
 management team s experience.

17 

Table of Contents 

Status as a Public Company

We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the
 traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for shares of our stock or for a combination of
 shares of our stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe certain target businesses will find
 this method a more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public
 reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us.

Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the
 underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then
 have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid
 in attracting talented employees.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various
 reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
 stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may
 be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act
 for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take
 advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in
 which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as
 of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

Financial Position

With funds available for a business combination initially in the amount of 225,950,000 after payment of 8,650,000 of deferred underwriting fees, in each case before fees and expenses
 associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing access to the expertise of our management team, providing capital for the potential
 growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the
 foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party
 financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us.

18 

Table of Contents 

Effecting our Initial Business Combination

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business
 combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business
 combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such
 companies and businesses.

If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection
 with our business combination or used for redemptions of purchases of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of
 operations of the post- transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

We currently do not have any specific transaction under consideration with a target business with which to consummate our initial business combination. We may seek to raise additional funds
 through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
 amounts held in the trust account. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. In the case of an initial business
 combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek
 stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding
 with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise.

Sources of Target Businesses

We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment
 banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also
 introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well
 as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows
 or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not
 presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a
 finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring
 opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue.

Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our
 sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, members of our advisory board or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order
 to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and
 administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting
 agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.

19 

Table of Contents 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with or related to Auldbrass Partners, our sponsor, officers, directors or members of our
 advisory board. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with or related to any of Auldbrass Partners, our sponsor, officers, directors or members of our advisory board, we, or a
 committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to
 our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

As more fully discussed in the section of this Report entitled Management - Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that
 falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such
 business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination

Our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of our assets held in the trust account
 (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be
 determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is not able to independently determine
 the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to
 purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more
 prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling
 interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the
 portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in our initial public offering to evaluate the
 possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our business combination.

To the extent we effect our business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks
 inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors.

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
 document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
 ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result
 in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of
 our sponsor.

20 

Table of Contents 

Lack of Business Diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
 Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being
 in a single line of business. By completing our business combination with only a single business, our lack of diversification may:

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our business combination with that business, our
 assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of
 our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is
 unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the
 operations of the particular target business.

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
 will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination.

Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to
 recruit additional managers, or that those additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
 bylaws. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons.

Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for
 each such transaction.

Type of Transaction

Whether Stockholder

 Approval is Required

Purchase of assets

No

Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company

No

Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company

No

Merger of the company with a target

Yes

21 

Table of Contents 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example:

we issue (other than in a public offering) shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding;

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or
 assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding shares of common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control.

The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by law or applicable stock
 exchange rules will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a
 disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;

the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote;

the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination;

other time and budget constraints of the company; and

additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders.

Permitted Purchases of Our Securities

In the event we seek stockholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. However, they have no current
 commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will be
 restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a
 contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. Subsequent to the consummation of our
 initial public offering, we will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and to clear
 all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as such purchases will be dependent upon several factors, including but not
 limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary.

In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their
 redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules
 under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers
 will comply with such rules.

22 

Table of Contents 

The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business
 combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
 otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our common stock may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
 to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately
 negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the
 extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of
 the trust account or vote against the business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases
 are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in
 order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act.

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a
 per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
 account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to
 be approximately 10.20 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights
 will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (i) to waive
 their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated
 certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to
 redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A
 commons stock and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our
 initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame).

23 

Table of Contents 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either
 (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender
 offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors described above - Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination, such as the timing of the transaction and
 whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers
 with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we
 structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We intend to
 conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other
 legal reasons.

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is
 required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

Upon the public announcement of our business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in
 the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange
 Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number
 of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or any greater net
 tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not
 complete the initial business combination.

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
 we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the
 redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination.

24 

Table of Contents 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business
 combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the
 company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial
 business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in
 addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need 8,625,001, or 37.5 , of the 23,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in
 order to have our initial business combination approved. We will give at least 10 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting
 thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote
 for or against the proposed transaction.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
 or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the
 target or its owners; (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business
 combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of
 the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the
 holders thereof.

Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Stockholder Approval

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the
 tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
 (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, 
 without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed
 business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an
 aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other
 undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our
 ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be
 restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination.

25 

Table of Contents 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights

As described above, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the
 holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date
 set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the date on which the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination
 is initially to be held. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our
 transfer agent two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote in which the name and other identifying information of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we
 will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up
 to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable,
 to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its
 shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge
 the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require
 holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of
 a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent
 return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business
 combination.

If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
 their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.

If our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until 18 months from the
 closing of our initial public offering.

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we will have only 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable
 to complete our business combination within such 18-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
 shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income
 taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to
 receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
 and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our
 warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our business combination within the 18-month time period.

26 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
 to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after our initial
 public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 24-month time period.

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that
 would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
 not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock unless we provide our public
 stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
 earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to the company to pay franchise and income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an
 amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination.

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately
 1,900,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing
 our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay our franchise and income taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to
 us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses.

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without
 taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become
 subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per- share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than
 10.20. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be
 paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims.

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do
 business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements
 or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as
 claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement
 waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management
 believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third
 party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
 willing to execute a waiver.

27 

Table of Contents 

In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
 with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
 business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the
 date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of
 any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event
 that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has
 sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that
 our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than
 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will
 indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the
 liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
 indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
 While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business
 judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not
 likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the
 actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per public share.

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our
 independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust
 account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to
 approximately 1,900,000 from the proceeds of our initial public offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than
 approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by
 creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of 700,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust
 account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 700,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a corresponding
 amount.

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our
 trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering may be considered a
 liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice
 period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are
 made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the
 stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution.

28 

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our business
 combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL,
 the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our business combination
 within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
 shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income
 taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to
 receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
 and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably
 possible following our 18th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any
 liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date.

Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all
 existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching
 for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in
 our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us
 waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that
 would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii)
 such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay our franchise and
 income taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is
 deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
 bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we
 will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could
 be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our
 board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior
 to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

29 

Table of Contents 

Our public stockholders will be entitled receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the redemption of
 any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the
 right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public
 offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated our business combination within 18 months from the
 closing of our initial public offering, subject to applicable law. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a
 stockholder vote.

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours,
 including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and
 effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by
 our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business.

Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business
 combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
 negotiating an initial business combination.

Facilities

Our executive offices are located at 250 Park Avenue Ste 911, New York, NY, 10177, and our telephone number is (212) 213-0243. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our
 sponsor. Commencing on the date that the Company s securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of the consummation of the initial business combination and the Company s liquidation, the Company began to reimburse an affiliate of
 the sponsor for office space, administrative and support services provided to the Company in the amount of 10,000 per month. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Employees

We currently have two officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they
 deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial
 business combination and the current stage of the business combination process.

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information

We have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current
 reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm.

30 

Table of Contents 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to
 assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be
 audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide
 such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular
 target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with such requirements or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in
 accordance with such requirements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this
 limitation will be material.

We will be required to evaluate our internal controls over financial reporting procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event
 we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control over financial reporting procedures audited. A target company may not
 be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls over financial reporting. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

ITEM 1A. 

RISK FACTORS

You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report, including the financial statements. If any of the following risks
 occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with respect to us and
 our business.

Risks Relating to the Company and our Management Team

Potential conflicts of interest with other businesses of Auldbrass Partners or other businesses with which our officers or directors may have fiduciary or contractual
 obligations could negatively impact the performance of an investment in us.

There are potential conflicts of interest that could impact our company and our search for, and pursuit of, potential business combination opportunities, including potential conflicts
 associated with the interests and activities of Auldbrass Partners. These potential conflicts are discussed in more detail elsewhere in this Report and are not, and are not intended to be, a complete enumeration or explanation of all of the
 potential conflicts of interest that may arise.

Auldbrass Partners is an indirect investor in our sponsor. In addition, Howard Sanders, our lead director, is currently affiliated with Auldbrass Partners as a Founding Partner and a Managing
 Director in its advisory business.

Auldbrass Partners manages or advises (and intends to manage and advise in the future) several investment programs. Funds managed by Auldbrass Partners may compete with us for acquisition
 opportunities. If these funds decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within Auldbrass Partners may be suitable for both us and for a current or
 future Auldbrass Partners fund or investee company and may be directed to such entity rather than to us. Auldbrass Partners, our management team and members of our advisory board do not have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for
 a potential business combination of which they become aware. See Item 1A. Risk Factors , including Item 1A. Risk Factors-Potential conflicts of interest with other businesses of Auldbrass Partners or other businesses with which our officers,
 directors or members of the advisory board may have fiduciary or contractual obligations could negatively impact the performance of an investment in us. 

31 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, investors in our sponsor, our directors and officers and members of our advisory board are, or may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar
 business. Our sponsor, investors in our sponsor, our directors and officers and members of our advisory board are also not prohibited from sponsoring, or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies prior to us completing
 our initial business combination. In particular, Mr. Moore is a member of the board of directors of Longview Acquisition Corp. II, a special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in March 2021, which may pursue
 initial business combination targets in a range of businesses or industries similar to ours. Any such special purpose acquisition companies, including Longview Acquisition Corp. II, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an
 acquisition target. In addition, our officers and directors (including our advisory board members), in their other endeavors (including any affiliation or relationship they may have with Auldbrass Partners), may choose or be required to present
 potential business combinations to Auldbrass Partners or to third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. As a result, if any of our officers, directors or members of our advisory board becomes aware of a business combination
 opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to
 such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete
 our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
 offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. Our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount
 of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.

Similarly, if Auldbrass Partners becomes aware of a potential business combination opportunity that could be an attractive opportunity for our company, Auldbrass Partners is not under any
 obligation to source any potential opportunities for our initial business combination or refer any such opportunities to our company or provide any other services to our company, other than certain advisory and administrative services.
 Auldbrass Partners may have fiduciary and/or contractual duties to other entities and, as a result, may have a duty to offer business combination opportunities to those entities before other parties, including our company. Additionally, certain
 companies with which Auldbrass Partners has a relationship may enter into transactions with, provide goods or services to, or receive goods or services from an entity with which we seek to complete our initial business combination. Transactions
 of these types may present a conflict of interest if Auldbrass Partners may directly or indirectly receive a financial benefit as a result of such transaction. We believe that any such potential conflicts of interest of Auldbrass Partners and
 any of our officers or directors that are affiliated with Auldbrass Partners will be naturally mitigated by the differing nature of services that Auldbrass Partners typically provides to its clients, as compared to our activities related to
 pursuing an initial business combination.

In addition, each of our sponsor, directors and officers does, directly or indirectly, own, founder shares and/or private placement warrants following our initial public offering and,
 accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, such directors and officers may have a conflict of
 interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business
 combination. Our sponsor may offer incentives, including an indirect interest in our sponsor to Auldbrass Partners employees or others who materially contribute to the identification or execution of our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our
 affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations
 and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for
 which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our directors also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our
 officers or directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative
 impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Item 13.
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

32 

Table of Contents 

Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to
 be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Until we consummate our initial business combination, we will continue to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors
 are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business.

Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or
 contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be
 presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is
 expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.

For a complete discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 13. Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment
 to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers,
 although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a
 conflict between their interests and ours.

We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors
 or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. Our
 directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Such entities may compete with us
 for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been
 no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we are not specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we
 determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in Item 1. Business - Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a
 majority of our disinterested directors.

Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of
 view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business
 combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

33 

Table of Contents 

We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have
 completed our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of any of our other directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers
 could have a detrimental effect on us.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of
 whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently
 be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will
 remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar
 with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key
 personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this
 time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of
 an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide
 for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection
 with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities
 for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe
 the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no
 certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The
 determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities
 in our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors.

34 

Table of Contents 

Past performance by our management team, Auldbrass Partners, members of our advisory board and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an
 investment in us.

Information regarding performance by, or business associated with, our management team, Auldbrass Partners, members of our advisory board and their respective affiliates is presented for
 informational purposes only. Past experience or performance of our management team, Auldbrass Partners, members of our advisory board or their respective affiliates or related entities is not a guarantee of either (1) our ability to
 successfully identify and execute a transaction or (2) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team, Auldbrass Partners, members of our advisory
 board or their respective affiliates or related entities or any investment s performance as indicative of the future performance of any investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us is
 not an investment in Auldbrass Partners.

Members of our management team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result, certain
 of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the business affairs of the companies with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may have an adverse
 effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination.

During the course of their careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies.
 As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain persons were, are now, or may in the future become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings relating to the business affairs of such companies or
 transactions entered into by such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team s and board s attention and resources away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for
 our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination.

Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination

Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even if
 a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination.

We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing
 requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders
 to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to
 seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, after approval of our board, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
 business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote.

Our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering, in favor of our initial business
 combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need 8,625,001, or 37.5 , of the 23,000,000 public shares outstanding to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted)
 in order to have our initial business combination approved. Our initial stockholders will own shares representing 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination,
 after approval of our board, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial stockholders agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by
 our public stockholders.

35 

Table of Contents 

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from
 us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination.

At the time of your investment in us, you were not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board of directors may
 complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek
 stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set
 forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination.

The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may
 make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of
 cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem
 our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon
 consummation of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an
 alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us.

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business
 combination or optimize our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure
 the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or
 requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted
 for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve
 dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure.
 The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who
 properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred
 underwriting commissions.

The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business
 combination would not be consummated and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock.

If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the
 probability that our initial business combination would not be consummated is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account.
 If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may
 suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market.

36 

Table of Contents 

The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a
 business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that
 would produce value for our stockholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months from
 the closing of our initial public offering.

Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular
 target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence
 and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent
 coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.

On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak as a pandemic. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other
 infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis adversely affecting the economies and financial markets worldwide, potentially including the business of any potential target business with which we intend to consummate a business
 combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination at all if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or make it impossible or impractical
 to negotiate and consummate a transaction with the target company s personnel, vendors and service providers in a timely manner, if at all. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future
 developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the actions to contain COVID-19 or its impact, among others. While vaccines for COVID-19 are being, and have been developed, there is no guarantee that any such vaccine
 will be durable and effective consistent with current expectations and we expect it will take significant time before the vaccines are available and accepted on a significant scale The disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other public health
 emergencies, diseases or matters of global concern could materially adversely affect our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination.

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result
 of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of
 winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless.

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering. We may not be able to
 find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
 of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
 interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public
 shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
 following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
 requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.20 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on
 the redemption of their shares. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other
 risk factors below.

37 

Table of Contents 

If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the 18-month period, we may seek an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the period
 of time we have to complete an initial business combination beyond 18 months. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires that such an amendment be approved by holders of 65 of our outstanding common stock.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business
 combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and
 our warrants will expire worthless.

We have encountered and expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or
 investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive
 experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local
 industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds
 of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
 competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in
 connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination.

This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may
 receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share upon our liquidation. See - If
 third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors below.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public
 stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under
 no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its
 redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such
 selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
 stockholder approval of the business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it
 appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.

38 

Table of Contents 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to
 maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for
 tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a
 stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that
 we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require
 our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender
 offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer
 agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed.

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business,
 we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank
 check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that we will have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do
 companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust
 account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of
 stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section
 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent.
 However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability
 to complete our business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions.

Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of
 shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

39 

Table of Contents 

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate
 until May 1, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire
 worthless.

The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until May 1, 2023, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during
 that time. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account are sufficient to allow us to operate until May 1, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a
 portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent
 designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current
 intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might
 not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per
 share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share upon our liquidation. See - If third parties bring claims against
 us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors below.

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the
 amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our
 franchise and income taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination.

Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 1,900,000 (as of December 31, 2022) will be available to us outside the
 trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our
 sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to
 us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver
 against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
 because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.20 per share on our redemption of our
 public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See - If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
 held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors below.

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less
 than 10.20 per share.

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our
 independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust
 account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to,
 fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the
 funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter
 into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. The underwriters of our initial public offering
 will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies in the trust account.

40 

Table of Contents 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are
 believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no
 guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason.
 Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide
 for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.20 per
 share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target
 business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the
 date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our franchise and income taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any
 claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including
 liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We
 have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such
 indemnification obligations. Therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and
 redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your
 public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers, and our obligation to indemnify our directors and officers may have certain
 adverse consequences.

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an
 officer or director prior to the initial business combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and not to seek recourse against the trust account for any
 reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient
 funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination and the post-combination business has sufficient funds to provide such indemnification. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may
 discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
 directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our
 officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for
 distribution to our public stockholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of
 the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our franchise and income taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
 obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.

41 

Table of Contents 

While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our
 independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent
 directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may
 be reduced below 10.20 per share.

The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment
 of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share.

The net proceeds of our initial public offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of 234,600,000, may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury
 obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly
 yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the
 future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our
 initial business combination, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 204,000,000 as a
 result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
 that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to
 recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive
 damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us
 that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be
 reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the
 extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be
 restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination.

42 

Table of Contents 

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including:

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination.

In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including:

registration as an investment company;

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations.

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other
 than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government
 securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or
 assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor.

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United
 States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
 Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these
 instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an
 investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the redemption of
 any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the
 right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public
 offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated our business combination by May 1, 2023, subject to
 applicable law. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory
 burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive
 only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations.

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance
 with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly.

43 

Table of Contents 

Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and
 results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

The SEC has recently issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine
 to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete an initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination.

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Proposed Rules that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in initial public offerings by special purpose acquisition
 companies and business combination transactions involving special purpose acquisition companies and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving such
 companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain
 participants in proposed business combination transactions; and impact the extent to which special purpose acquisition companies could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form
 proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto.

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our
 trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by May 1, 2023 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a
 corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be
 brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders
 with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary
 of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following May 1, 2023 in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the
 foregoing procedures.

Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all
 existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited
 to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section
 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the
 stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable
 for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to
 our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by May 1, 2023 is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is
 deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating
 distribution.

44 

Table of Contents 

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate of our initial business combination, and you will not be entitled to any of the corporate
 protections provided by such a meeting.

We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination (unless required by Nasdaq) and thus may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of
 the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting of stockholders be held for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with a company s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. Therefore, if our
 stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section
 211(c) of the DGCL.

Holders of Class A common stock will not be entitled to vote on any election of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination.

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote
 on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you
 may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination.

Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination, Nasdaq may
 consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.

Prior to consummation of our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. As a result, Nasdaq will consider us to
 be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a
 controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that:

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of Nasdaq;

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and

director nominations be made, or recommended to the full board, by our independent directors or by a nominating committee of our board that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter or resolution addressing
 the committee s purpose and responsibilities.

We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the
 future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq corporate governance requirements.

45 

Table of Contents 

The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights
 may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock.

Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can
 demand that we register the private placement warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the founder shares and the private placement warrants held by them and holders of warrants that may be issued upon
 conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such
 a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more
 costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our
 Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders or holders of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered.

Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to
 ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations.

Although we expect to focus our search for a target business in the industrial sector, we may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector.
 However, we are not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, permitted to effectuate our business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet entered into
 a definitive agreement with any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business operations, results of operations, cash flows,
 liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially
 unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and
 directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due
 diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in
 our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the
 business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise.

We may consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an
 attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of
 the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available,
 in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the
 information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or
 assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a
 remedy for such reduction in value.

46 

Table of Contents 

A slowdown in economic growth in the markets that our business target operates in may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and
 results of operations, the value of our securities and the trading price of our shares following our business combination.

Following the business combination, our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition may be dependent on, and may be adversely affected by, conditions in financial markets in the
 global economy, and, particularly in the markets where the business operates. The specific economy could be adversely affected by various factors, such as political or regulatory action, including pandemics, social disturbances, terrorist
 attacks and other acts of violence or war, natural calamities, interest rates, inflation, commodity and energy prices and various other factors which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results
 of operations, the value of our securities and the trading price of our shares following the business combination.

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Recent increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, including ours, and may lead to other national, regional
 and international economic disruptions, any of which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business
 combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and
 guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business
 combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a
 business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may
 exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the
 transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not
 meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will
 expire worthless.

We may seek acquisition opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to
 volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel.

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by
 numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to
 evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks
 may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from
 an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required
 to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be
 relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation
 materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination.

47 

Table of Contents 

We may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial
 business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution
 provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 shares of Class B
 common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. There are currently 477,000,000 and 44,250,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock,
 respectively, available for issuance, excluding shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants and currently issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock. There are no shares of preferred stock
 issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue
 Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. Shares of Class B common stock are also convertible at the option of the holder at any time.

We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our
 initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock to redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result
 of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we
 may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal
 presented to stockholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a
 business combination after May 1, 2023 or (y) amend the foregoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be
 amended with a stockholder vote. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering;

may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock;

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the
 resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants.

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with
 another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account
 and our warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require
 substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely
 would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
 result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
 stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

48 

Table of Contents 

Since our sponsor (including our officers and directors that directly or indirectly own founder shares) will lose their entire investment in us if our business combination
 is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. In addition, as a result of the low price paid for the founder shares, our
 sponsor (including our officers and directors that directly or indirectly own founder shares) stands to make a substantial profit even if an initial business combination subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public
 stockholders.

In March 2021, our sponsor purchased 7,187,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined
 based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after our initial public offering. In October 2021, our sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 founder shares resulting in our sponsor holding 5,750,000
 founder shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased 11,200,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of our Class A common
 stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant 11,200,000 in the aggregate), that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Holders of founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any
 shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our
 sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial
 business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination.

In addition, as a result of the low acquisition cost of our founder shares, the holders of our founder shares (including our officers and directors that directly or indirectly own founder
 shares) could make a substantial profit even if we select and consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for our public stockholders. Thus, such parties may have
 more of an economic incentive for us to enter into an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker performing or financially unstable business, or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, than would be the case if
 such parties had paid the full offering price for their founder shares.

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial public offering, which may include
 acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from
 the trust only upon the completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after our initial public offering,
 including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination.

We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after our initial public offering, including, for example, identifying
 potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be
 determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to any of the
 underwriters or their respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of our initial public offering, unless FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with our initial
 public offering. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the
 consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of
 an initial business combination.

49 

Table of Contents 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial
 condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to
 complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As
 such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including:

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a
 waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock;

other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.

We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us
 to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

Of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, 234,600,000 will be available to complete our business combination and pay related fees and
 expenses (which includes 8,650,000 for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions).

We may effectuate our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate
 our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present
 operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single business, our lack of diversification may subject us
 to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources
 to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
 in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination.

50 

Table of Contents 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give
 rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent
 on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional
 risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
 and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination
 with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public information exists about
 private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as
 profitable as we suspected, if at all.

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which
 a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would
 cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our
 business combination even if a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct
 redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates. In the event the
 aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business
 combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we
 instead may search for an alternate business combination.

In order to effectuate our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that
 will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that our stockholders may not support.

In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their
 warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants,
 amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial
 business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination.

51 

Table of Contents 

The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre- business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement
 governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us,
 therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our
 initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if
 approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock
 entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the
 DGCL or Nasdaq rules. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own up to 20 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have
 the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank
 check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that
 would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do
 not complete our initial business combination by May 1, 2023 or with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their
 shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
 not previously released to the Company to pay franchise and income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor,
 officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these
 agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.

Certain agreements related to our initial public offering may be amended without stockholder approval.

Each of the agreements related to our initial public offering to which we are a party, other than the warrant agreement and the investment management trust agreement, may be amended without
 stockholder approval. Such agreements are: the underwriting agreement; the letter agreement among us and our initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors; the registration and stockholder rights agreement among us and our initial
 stockholders; the private placement warrants purchase agreement between us and our sponsor; and the administrative services agreement among us, our sponsor and an affiliate of our sponsor. These agreements contain various provisions that our
 public stockholders might deem to be material. For example, our letter agreement and the underwriting agreement contain certain lock-up provisions with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and other securities held by our
 initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and directors. Amendments to such agreements would require the consent of the applicable parties thereto and would need to be approved by our board of directors, which may do so for a variety of reasons,
 including to facilitate our initial business combination. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of
 directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement. Any amendment entered into in connection with the consummation of our initial business
 combination will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to such initial business combination, and any other material amendment to any of our material agreements will be disclosed in a filing
 with the SEC. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an
 investment in our securities. For example, amendments to the lock-up provision discussed above may result in our initial stockholders selling their securities earlier than they would otherwise be permitted, which may have an adverse effect on
 the price of our securities.

52 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us
 to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business
 combination, because we have not yet entered into a definitive agreement with any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and
 the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for
 cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we
 may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be
 unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are
 unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our
 franchise and income taxes on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the
 operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is
 required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.20 per share on the
 liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless.

Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support.

Our initial stockholders own shares representing 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder
 vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of
 common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our
 Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of
 directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at
 least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders,
 because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board
 of directors for any reason. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert
 control at least until the completion of our business combination.

53 

Table of Contents 

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination.

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our
 initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per shares of common stock, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
 the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be
 adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described in Exhibit 4.2 of this Report will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of
 the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described Exhibit 4.2 of this Report will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
 Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business.

Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our business combination.

We issued warrants to purchase 11,500,000 shares of our Class A common stock as part of the Units sold in our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
 offering, we issued in a private placement warrants to purchase 11,200,000 shares of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. Prior to our initial public offering, our sponsor purchased 7,187,500 founder shares in a private placement. In
 October 2021, our sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 founder shares resulting in our sponsor holding 5,750,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as
 set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the
 private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. Our public warrants are also redeemable by us for Class A common stock as described in Exhibit 4.2 of this Report.

To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock
 upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce
 the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target
 business.

The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in our initial public offering except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted
 transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, except as otherwise set forth herein, (ii) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
 assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis.

Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business
 combination with some prospective target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will
 include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be
 reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to
 be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statements may also be required to be prepared in accordance with GAAP in connection with our current report
 on Form 8-K announcing the closing our initial business combination within four business days following such closing. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets
 may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.

54 

Table of Contents 

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and
 management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
 ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public
 accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to
 other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the
 internal control over financial reporting of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions
 and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company or our company s directors, officers or other employees.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall,
 to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer,
 employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any director, or officer or employee of our company arising
 pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director, or officer or employee of our company governed by the internal affairs
 doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (a) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does
 not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (b) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (c) arising under the
 federal securities laws, including the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
 provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive
 forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a foreign action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder
 shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement
 action and (y) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such enforcement action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such stockholder.

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company or its directors, officers or other
 employees, which may discourage such lawsuits.

Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types
 of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a
 diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

55 

Table of Contents 

If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional
 risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
 with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following:

higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars;

deterioration of political relations with the United States; and

government appropriations of assets.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial
 condition.

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive
 targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination.

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have
 already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times,
 fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination.

56 

Table of Contents 

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets
 with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns,
 geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to
 find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business
 combination.

In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors
 and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue.

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination.
 In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both.
 However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to
 have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off
 insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors.

Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write- downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that
 could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a
 particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of
 these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain
 risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Although these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact
 that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of
 assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing.

Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have
 a remedy for such reduction in value.

57 

Table of Contents 

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination.

We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
 business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
 for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting
 securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
 transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 
 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock
 subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this
 may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or
 abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business
 whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business management may be limited due to a
 lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s
 management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post- combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to
 remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

Risks Relating to our Securities

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be
 forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public stockholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of our initial business combination, (b) the redemption of
 any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the
 right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 1, 2023 or (ii) with respect to any other provisions
 relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated our business combination by May 1, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In
 addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our
 then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond May 1, 2023 before they receive funds from our trust account. In no
 other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

58 

Table of Contents 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional
 trading restrictions.

Our securities are currently listed on Nasdaq, however, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination.
 In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. In general, we must maintain a minimum number in stockholders equity
 (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum of 300 public holders. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous
 than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4 per share, our stockholders equity would
 generally be required to be at least 5 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our unrestricted securities (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding unrestricted securities with a market value
 of at least 2,500). We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time.

If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list such securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be
 quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the
 secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as
 covered securities. Because our Units, Class A common stock and warrants are currently listed on Nasdaq, our Units, Class A common stock and warrants qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from
 regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of
 covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities
 regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our
 securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination.

We are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such
 registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless.

59 

Table of Contents 

We are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of
 the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a
 registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain
 the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which
 represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or Report, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If
 the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the
 number of shares of Class A common stock that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be
 exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities
 laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. However, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the Class A common stock issuable upon the
 exercise of the public warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption from such registration or qualification is not available (including, without limitation, the exemption available so long as the Class A common
 stock is a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act or if such warrant is being exercised pursuant and in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act). Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is
 at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public
 warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we
 will be required to use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event
 will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state
 securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to
 exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common
 stock included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the
 public warrants included as part of units sold in our initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the
 shares of common stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying shares of Class A common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may
 exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under applicable state securities laws and even if an exemption from such registration or qualification is not
 available. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants.

If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis, you will receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such
 warrants for cash.

There are circumstances in which the exercise of the public warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. First, if a registration statement covering the sale of the
 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective
 registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided
 that such exemption is available; if that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case the number of shares of Class A common stock that you will
 receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). For example, if the holder is exercising 875 warrants at 11.50 per share through a
 cashless exercise when the shares of our Class A common stock have a fair market value of 17.50 per share when there is no effective registration statement, then, upon the cashless exercise, the holder will receive 300 shares of our Class A
 common stock. The holder would have received 875 shares of our Class A common stock if the exercise price was paid in cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the
 warrant holder will hold a smaller number of shares of our Class A common stock upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold.

60 

Table of Contents 

Third, if we call the warrants for redemption in the circumstances described in Exhibit 4.2 of this Report, holders who wish to exercise their warrants may do so on a cashless basis. In the
 event of an exercise on a cashless basis under those circumstances, a holder would receive that number of shares determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A common stock (See
 Exhibit 4.2 of this Report).

In any of these cases, this will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in the shares of Class A common stock received on warrant exercise because the
 warrant holder will receive a smaller number of shares of our Class A common stock upon a cashless exercise than upon an exercise for cash.

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants.
 As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your
 approval.

Our warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the
 terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the
 warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in our final prospectus, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on shares of common stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or
 (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the
 rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of
 public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment
 to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the
 terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the
 exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported
 sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided
 certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.
 Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when
 you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.

In addition, we may redeem your warrants after they become exercisable for 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to
 exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock. Please see Exhibit 4.2 of this Report The value received upon
 exercise of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the
 warrants, including because the number of shares of common stock received is capped at 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants.

61 

Table of Contents 

None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us as (except as set forth under Exhibit 4.2 of this Report) so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.

Because each unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies.

Each unit contains one-half of one warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, only a whole warrant may be exercised at
 any given time. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the
 dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share,
 thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

A market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.

The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our
 securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive
 forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under
 the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction
 shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for
 which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have
 consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement.

If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United
 States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
 in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by
 service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

62 

Table of Contents 

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such
 lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with
 resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to
 pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These
 provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage
 transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult
 and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

General Risk Factors

We are a recently formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

We are a recently formed company with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of
 completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our business combination. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
 requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
 that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of
 any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could
 cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of a prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter before that time, in which case we would no
 longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive
 as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more
 volatile.

63 

Table of Contents 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is,
 those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
 Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out
 of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the
 time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using
 the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations,
 including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our shares of Class A common stock held
 by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our shares of Class A common stock held by
 non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30.

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and
 deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or
 confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to
 investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

ITEM 1B. 

UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2. 

PROPERTIES

Our executive offices are located at 250 Park Avenue Ste 911, New York, NY, 10177, and our telephone number is (212) 213-0243. Our executive offices are provided to us by an affiliate of our
 sponsor. Commencing on the date that the Company s securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of the consummation of the initial business combination and the Company s liquidation, the Company began to reimburse an affiliate of
 the sponsor for office space, administrative and support services provided to the Company in the amount of 10,000 per month. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

ITEM 3. 

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our
 property.

ITEM 4. 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

PART II

ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

64 

Table of Contents 

(a) 

Market Information 

Our units, shares of Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbol FIACU , FIAC and FIACW respectively. Our units commenced public trading on October 27,
 2021. Our shares of Class A common stock and warrants began separate trading on December 20, 2021.

(b) 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, there was one holder of record for our Units, two holders of record for our shares of Class A common stock, one holder of our shares of Class B common stock and two
 holders of our warrants.

(c) 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends
 in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an
 initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable
 future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

(d) 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None.

(e) 

Performance Graph 

Not applicable.

(f) 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

On November 1, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units which included the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units. The Units
 sold in the Initial Public Offering and the full exercise of over-allotment option sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 230,000,000. The securities sold in the offering were registered under the
 Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-255448). The registration statements became effective on October 27, 2021.

Simultaneously with the closing of IPO, the Company completed the private sale of 11,200,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement
 Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 11,200,000. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable,
 assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions.

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering including the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, 234,600,000 was placed in the Trust
 Account.

We paid a total of 4,000,000 of underwriting commissions and 807,525 for other offering costs related to the IPO. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to deferred underwriting
 commissions of 8,650,000, which will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
 agreement for the offering.

65 

Table of Contents 

(g) 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None.

ITEM 6. 

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Not applicable.

ITEM 7.

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially
 from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
 10-K.

Overview

We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated on February 23, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
 reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ).

Our sponsor is Focus Impact Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our initial public offering was declared effective on October 27, 2021. On November
 1, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option to purchase 3,000,000 units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit.
 Offering costs amounted to 13,457,525 consisting of 4,000,000 of underwriting commissions, 8,650,000 of deferred underwriting commissions, and 807,525 of other offering costs. Of the offering costs, 509,712 is included within the statement
 of operations and 12,947,813 is included in temporary equity.

Simultaneously with the closing of IPO, we completed the private sale of 11,200,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor,
 generating gross proceeds to us of 11,200,000.

Upon the closing of the IPO, 10.20 per Unit sold in the IPO (including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, are held in a
 trust account Trust Account and will be invested only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only
 in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares
 properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the right to have
 their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to
 any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock, and (c) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering,
 subject to applicable law.

66 

Table of Contents 

We amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only 18 months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering (the Combination Period to complete the initial Business
 Combination. If we are unable to complete the initial Business Combination within such 18-month period, we may seek an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the period of time we have to complete an
 initial Business Combination beyond 18 months. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires that such an amendment be approved by holders of 65 of our outstanding common stock. If we do not complete the initial Business
 Combination within 18 months from the closing of this offering (or such extended period to complete an initial Business Combination), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably
 possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the
 trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
 extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
 approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern

In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going
 Concern, management believes that the funds which we have available following the completion of the IPO may not enable it to sustain operations for a period of at least one-year from the issuance date of this financial statement. Based on the
 foregoing, management believes that we may not have sufficient working capital to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using
 these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target
 business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination.

In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
 Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, working capital deficiency and subsequent dissolution, should we be unable to complete a Business Combination, raises substantial doubt about our ability to
 continue as a going concern. We have until May 1, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date,
 there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after May 1, 2023.

Extension of Combination Period

On April 5, 2023, we filed a definitive proxy statement with the SEC (the Proxy Statement relating to an extraordinary meeting of shareholders (the Extension Meeting at which we will propose to extend to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Articles Amendment to extend the date (the Termination Date by which we have to consummate a business combination from May 1, 2023 (the Original
 Termination Date to August 1, 2023 (the Articles Extension Date and to allow us, without another shareholder vote, to elect to extend the Termination Date to consummate a business combination on a monthly basis for up to nine times by
 an additional one month each time after the Articles Extension Date, by resolution of the Company s board of directors if requested by the Sponsor, and upon five days advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date, until May 1,
 2024, or a total of up to twelve months after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of our initial business combination shall have occurred prior to such date (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). 

As disclosed in the Proxy Statement, relating to the
 extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the Extension Meeting ), the Sponsor agreed that if the Extension Amendment Proposal is approved, it or one or more of its affiliates, members or third-party designees (the Lender will
 contribute to us as a loan, within five (5) business days of the date of the Extension Meeting, of the lesser of (a) an aggregate of 487,500 or (b) 0.0975 per share that is not redeemed in connection with the Extension Meeting, to be
 deposited into the trust account established in connection with our initial public offering. In addition, in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination by the Articles Extension Date, the Lender will contribute to us as
 a loan up to the lesser of (a) 1,462,500 or (b) 0.2925 per each share that is not redeemed in connection with the Extension Meeting in nine equal installments to be deposited into the Trust Account for each of nine one-month extensions following the Articles Extension Date. 

The Extension Meeting will be held on April 24, 2023.

Risks and Uncertainties

Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on our financial position, results of our
 operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
 uncertainty.

Our results of operations and ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many
 of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions,
 declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. We cannot at this
 time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination.

67 

Table of Contents 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act 

On August 16, 2022, the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic
 corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are
 repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the
 fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The Treasury has been given authority to provide
 regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax.

Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the
 Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the
 Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection
 with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not
 by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to
 complete a Business Combination.

Results of Operations

As of December 31, 2022, we have not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from February 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation and the Initial Public Offering,
 and since the closing of the IPO, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of
 our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. We expect to incur increased
 expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 11,635,200 resulting from the change in fair value of warrants of 10,669,000, interest income from operating account of 7,413 and trust earnings of
 3,433,975, partially offset by provision for income taxes of 645,442 and operating costs of 1,829,746.

For the period from February 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 3,829,169 resulting from the change in fair value of warrants of 4,767,000 and trust earnings of 3,156,
 partially offset by warrant transaction costs of 509,712 and operating costs of 431,275.

Contractual Obligations

We do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities.

Administrative Services Agreement

Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq, we agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support provided
 to us. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.

68 

Table of Contents 

Registration and Stockholder Rights

The holders of the founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the
 Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights and stockholder agreement
 to be signed prior to the consummation of the IPO, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to the Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities are
 entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the
 completion of the initial Business Combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act.

Underwriter Agreement

On November 1, 2021, we paid a cash underwriting commission of 4,000,000 or approximately 0.17 per Unit, including the over-allotment option.

The underwriters are entitled to deferred underwriting commissions of approximately 0.376 per unit, or 8,650,000 in the aggregate (including the commission related to the underwriters exercise of the
 over-allotment option). The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete an Initial Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement
 for the offering.

Critical Accounting Policies

Offering Costs associated with the Initial Public Offering

We comply with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1. Offering costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the IPO that were directly related to the IPO. Offering
 costs will be allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the IPO based on a relative fair value basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with warrant liabilities were expensed and presented as
 non-operating expenses in the statement of operations and offering costs associated with the Class A common stock were charged to temporary equity. Offering costs amounted to 13,457,525 consisting of 4,000,000 of underwriting commissions,
 8,650,000 of deferred underwriting commissions, and 807,525 of other offering costs. Of the offering costs, 509,712 was included within the statement of operations and 12,947,813 was included in temporary equity.

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption

All of the 23,000,000 common stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a
 stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable
 equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within our control require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all shares of Class A common
 stock have been classified outside of permanent equity.

We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or
 decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit.

Net Income Per Common Stock

We comply with the accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income per common stock is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of
 common stock outstanding during the period, excluding common stock subject to forfeiture. Weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 750,000 shares of common stock that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment
 option is not exercised by the underwriter. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of us. As
 a result, diluted income per common stock is the same as basic income per common stock for the period presented.

69 

Table of Contents 

Warrants

We account for the warrants issued in connection with the IPO and Private Placement in accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging whereby under that provision the warrants do
 not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we classified the warrant instrument as a liability at fair value and will adjust the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability
 will be re-measured at each balance sheet date until the warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in our statement of operations. The fair value of warrants was estimated using an internal valuation
 model. Our valuation model utilized inputs such as assumed share prices, volatility, discount factors and other assumptions and may not be reflective of the price at which they can be settled. Such warrant classification is also subject to
 re-evaluation at each reporting period.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.

Inflation

We do not believe that inflation had a material impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the period presented.

Emerging Growth Company Status

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are
 applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
 stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not
 had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a
 company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
 transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private
 companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended
 transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

ITEM 7A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item.

ITEM 8.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference.

70 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.

ITEM 9A.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
 specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as
 appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
 the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that during
 the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our
 internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our
 internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(1) 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,

(2) 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of our management and directors, and

(3) 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
 to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our
 internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
 Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

71 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

None.

ITEM 9C. 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not Applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Officers and Directors

Our officers and directors are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

Carl Stanton

54

Chief Executive Officer

Ernest Lyles

43

Chief Financial Officer

Wray Thorn

51

Chief Investment Officer

Howard Sanders

56

Lead Director

Troy Carter

49

Director

Dawanna Williams

54

Director

Dia Simms

47 

Director

Troy Carter, Independent Director. Troy Carter is the founder and CEO of Q A, a music technology company focused on building software solutions for
 recording artists via distribution and analytics. He also serves as an advisor to the NBA Players Association and The Prince Estate. Prior to founding Q A, Troy was Global Head of Creator Services at Spotify from 2016 to 2018 and then
 served in a consulting role for CEO Daniel Ek until 2019. Troy serves on the boards of WeTransfer and SoundCloud, and served as an advisor to Lyft. He is also an active early stage investor, including in companies such as Uber, Lyft, Dropbox,
 Spotify, Slack, Warby Parker, Gimlet Media, and Thrive Market. Troy previously founded the entertainment company, Atom Factory, in 2008, where he worked with Lady Gaga, John Legend and Meghan Trainor.

Troy is an executive member on the boards of trustees at The Aspen Institute and the Los Angeles County Museum of Art as well as a Henry Crown Fellow. In addition, he is a member of the United
 Nations Foundation Global Entrepreneurs Council. Troy also has served on the boards of directors of the Los Angeles Mayor s Council for Technology Innovation and CalArts. Troy has previously been included on Fast Company s list of most
 creative people and on Billboard s Power 100 list, an annual ranking the music industry s top influencers.

Ernest D. Lyles II, CFO. Ernest Lyles is the CEO of The HiGro Group, a mission driven private equity firm focused on buyout investing in the lower middle
 market, which he founded in 2016. As CEO, Ernest oversees all aspects of the firm including investment activities, growth initiatives and talent management. Additionally, he serves as a board observer of EMSAR and lead director of DRS Imaging
 Services, two HiGro portfolio companies. Prior to founding The HiGro Group, Ernest spent a decade as an investment banker with UBS Investment Bank where his tenure included advising the world s most notable corporations and private equity
 firms. As the head of technology and business services at UBS Investment Bank, Ernest became the most senior African-American investment banker within the firm s industry coverage groups.

Ernest serves as a director on the boards of the Citizens Committee for New York, Scan / Harbor and Manhattan Country School. Ernest also is a member of the New York Economic Club and Founder
 of the UTULIVU Group, a mission driven non-profit focused on the continuity of holistic achievement by high performing Black men. Ernest attended The Howard University School of Law in Washington DC and Shepherd University in West Virginia.

72 

Table of Contents 

Howard L. Sanders, Lead Director. Howard Sanders is the managing member of Auldbrass Partners, a growth-focused private equity firm investing primarily
 in secondaries transactions, which he founded in 2011. Howard heads Auldbrass Partners transactional sourcing, deal execution, investment strategy and business development. He has led successful Auldbrass Partners investments in SaaS (Software
 as a Service), PaaS (Platform as a Service), Tech-enabled manufacturing and services, Healthcare and EdTech companies. Before founding Auldbrass Partners, Howard was a managing director at Citigroup where he was responsible for managing and
 directing Citi Holdings proprietary investments in private equity, hedge funds and real estate. Prior to Citi, Howard was a vice president in mergers and acquisitions for Deutsche Bank (a successor to James D. Wolfensohn and Co.). He also
 previously served as an adjunct professor at Columbia Business School.

Howard is currently a board member of the Partnership for New York City Foundation, the Riverside Church in the City of New York and the Undergraduate Executive Board of the Wharton School at
 the University of Pennsylvania. He holds an MBA from Harvard University and a BS from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.

Carl M. Stanton, CEO. Carl brings nearly three decades of experience in leading companies across transformative Private Equity/Alternative Asset
 management with a proven track record in creating shareholder value. Carl has unique knowledge and skills across all facets of Asset Management. He is a team builder and has managed and co-led two Alternative Asset Management firms totaling
 over 4.5 billion AUM, and has delivered best-in-class investment performance results along with colleagues over multiple funds. He has advised CEOs, CFOs, and Boards of Directors of multiple companies and spread managerial, financial, and
 strategic best practices with demonstrated expertise in value creation strategies including revenue growth strategies, industry transformation, cost control, supply chain management, and technology best practices. Carl has also served as Board
 Member to more than 15 portfolio companies across Industrial Products Services, Transportation Logistics and Consumer industries.

Carl is former Managing Partner and Head of Private Equity for Invesco Private Capital, a division of Invesco, Ltd. (NYSE: IVZ), which managed private investment vehicles across private equity,
 venture capital, and real estate. At Invesco Private Capital, Carl was responsible for overseeing multiple alternative asset investment Funds and served as Chair of Investment Committee for domestic PE efforts. Prior to Invesco, Carl served as
 Managing Partner and co-owner at Wellspring Capital Management LLC, a private equity investment firm focused on control investments in growing companies in the industrial products services, healthcare and consumer industries. He oversaw
 and approved all investments as a member of the Investment Committee. At the time of his retirement in 2015, the firm had invested more than 2.5 billion in 35 platform companies and achieved top-tier investment results.

Currently, Carl serves as the Founder of cbGrowth Partners, which focuses on sustainable investments, and serves as Advisor to Auldbrass Partners. Previously, Carl worked at Dimeling, Schreiber
 Park, Peter J Solomon Co, Associates, and Ernst Young Corporate Finance LLC. Mr. Stanton holds a BS degree in Accounting from the University of Alabama and an MBA degree from Harvard Business School. He resides in New York
 with his family and serves as Trustee, Treasurer and Head of Finance and Endowment Committee of Christ Church United Methodist, a nonprofit organization. He also serves as Board of Visitors at the University of Alabama, College of Commerce.

Wray T. Thorn, CIO. Wray is the Founder and Chief Executive of Clear Heights Capital, a private investment firm committed to helping companies realize
 their growth and development objectives. Wray is deeply involved in building and leading businesses to source, structure, finance and make private investments as well as helping companies, organizations and executives realize their growth and
 development objectives. With over two decades of experience as a Chief Investment Officer, investment leader and lead director, Wray has firsthand knowledge of investment firm leadership, private investing and company value creation. Wray has
 also been at the forefront of proactive ESG principals, putting people first in private investing as well as applying data and technology to innovate private investing.

73 

Table of Contents 

Prior to founding Clear Heights Capital, Wray was Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer - Private Investments at Two Sigma Investments. Wray architected and led the firm s private
 equity (Sightway Capital), venture capital (Two Sigma Ventures) and impact (Two Sigma Impact) investment businesses as Chief Executive and Chief Investment Officer of TSPI, LP and Chair Venture Partner of TSV. During his 9-year tenure,
 Wray grew the private investment businesses to nearly 4 billion in AUM and 90 team members, with the dual objectives of building differentiated direct private investment businesses that capitalized on Two Sigma s capabilities in data science
 and technology through which a portion of the firm s proprietary capital could be invested alongside external investor capital.

Before Two Sigma, Wray was a Senior Managing Director with Marathon Asset Management, where he was a senior member of the investment team, developed the firm s private equity investment
 activities and played a role in many new business opportunities and capital formation initiatives for the firm. Prior to joining Marathon, Wray evaluated and executed management buyout transactions as a Director with Fox Paine Co. and as
 a Principal at Dubilier Co. Wray began his career in the financial analyst program at Chemical Bank (today, J.P. Morgan) as an Associate in the Acquisition Finance Group.

Wray has been involved in approximately 290 transactions, add-on acquisitions, realizations, corporate financings, fundraisings and other principal transactions with aggregate consideration in
 excess of 32 billion, including direct private equity, venture and third-party managed fund investments representing more than 2.8 billion in invested capital. Wray has been a part of driving shareholder value creation and corporate growth as
 member of boards and committees of more than 30 companies and investment funds, across industries including technology, financial services, education, consumer services and real assets.

Wray is committed to giving back to the community, serving as Co-Chair of the Board of Youth, INC, as a grant monitor and event committee chair for Hour Children, as an Associate of the Harvard
 College Fund and previously as the founding President of the Saint Stephen of Hungary School Foundation. In his 15+ years working with Youth, INC, a venture philanthropy organization in New York City, Wray has engaged in many aspects of the
 organization s growth and development including recruiting senior leadership, leading strategic planning initiatives, chairing the governance and compensation committees and being a part of raising more than 100 million to transform the lives
 of NYC youth by empowering more than 175 grass-roots non-profits that serve them. Wray earned an A.B. from Harvard University.

Dawanna Williams, Independent Director. Dawanna serves as the managing principal at Dabar Development Partners, which she founded over 15 years ago.
 Dabar has developed over 3,000 apartments units covering more than 2 million square feet of mixed-use developments and has had principal involvement in development projects awarded by NYC S Department of
 Housing Preservation and Development (HPD), NYC s Economic Development Corporation (EDC), and New York City s Housing Authority (NYCHA). As managing principal, she is involved in all executive aspects of business operations, from developing
 strategic priorities to executing development projects to risk management to establishing firm values and standards. Prior to Dabar, Dawanna served as General Counsel at Victory Education Partners and as a senior associate in the commercial
 real estate group at Sidley Austin LLP.

Dawanna serves on the board of directors of the Apollo Theater, Compass Inc. and ACRES Commercial Realty Corp. Dawanna earned an A.B. from Smith College in economics and government, a master of
 public administration from Harvard University Kennedy School of Government, and a doctor of jurisprudence from the University of Maryland School of Law.

Dia Simms, Independent Director . Dia is the Chief Executive Officer of Lobos 1707 Tequila Mezcal, where she has served since August
 2020. Dia leads Lobos 1707 alongside Founder and Chief Creative Officer Diego Osorio with early backing by sports and cultural icon, LeBron James. Dia is also a member of the board of directors of Tilt Holdings Inc. (NEO: TILT), where she has
 served since August 2020. Dia spent almost fifteen years working alongside Sean Diddy Combs at Combs Enterprises. In 2017, Dia was named President of Combs Enterprises, making her the first president in the company s thirty-year history other
 than Sean Combs himself. In her role as President, she oversaw multi-billion-dollar brands under the Combs empire, including C ROC Ultra-Premium Vodka, Blue Flame Agency, AQUAhydrate, Bad Boy Entertainment, Sean John and Revolt TV. Of note, Dia
 led the transformation of C ROC Ultra-Premium Vodka taking the previously unprofitable brand to a 2 billion retail value.

Dia holds a B.S. degree in Psychology from Morgan State University and a Master s degree in Management from the Florida Institute of Technology.

74 

Table of Contents 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

We have four directors at the time of this Report. Our board of directors are divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for
 those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Troy Carter, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The
 term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Howard Sanders, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Dawanna Williams and Dia Simms, will
 expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination.

Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition,
 prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon consummation of an initial business
 combination will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to
 appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents,
 Secretary, Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board
 of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that Troy Carter and
 Dawanna Williams are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Pursuant to Nasdaq s phase-in rules for newly listed companies, we have one year from the date on which we are first listed on
 Nasdaq to for a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Officer and Director Compensation

None of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that the Company s securities were first listed on Nasdaq the Company
 began to reimburse an affiliate of the sponsor for office space, administrative and support services provided to the Company in the amount of 10,000 per month. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will
 cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection
 with the completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
 performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates.

75 

Table of Contents 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
 of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not
 established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination,
 because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for
 determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is
 possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
 retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
 combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the
 Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the nominating and compensation committees of a listed company be comprised solely of
 independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors.

Audit Committee

We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Troy Carter, Dia Simms and Dawanna Williams serve as members of our audit committee, and Dawanna Williams serves as chairman of
 the audit committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Our board of directors has determined that each of Troy Carter, Dia Simms and Dawanna Williams are
 independent.

Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Dawanna Williams qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in
 applicable SEC rules, and chairs the audit committee.

We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including:

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us;

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and
 procedures;

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships they have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence;

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm;

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

76 

Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee

We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Troy Carter, Dia Simms and Dawanna Williams, and Troy Carter serves as
 chairman of the compensation committee. Under Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Troy Carter, Dia Simms and
 Dawanna Williams are independent.

We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Executive Officers compensation, evaluating our Executive Officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and
 approving the remuneration (if any) of our Executive Officers based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers;

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee payable to an affiliate of our sponsor and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of
 any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our initial stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the
 consummation of a business combination.

Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any
 compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination.

The charter will also provide that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisor and will be
 directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such advisor. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other advisor, the compensation
 committee will consider the independence of each such advisor, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC.

Director Nominations

We do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by
 the board of directors.

The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a
 standing nominating committee. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place.

The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the
 next annual meeting of shareholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws.

We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees
 for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of
 our stockholders.

77 

Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our
 board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose
 any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Conflicts of Interest

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or
 director is or will be required to present business combination opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, in the future, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to
 which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or
 contractual obligations of our officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination.

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities.

In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are
 affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Our initial stockholders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and a stockholder vote
 to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their shares
 redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with
 respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A commons stock and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to
 consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold
 if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement
 warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable,
 assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination; or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or
 exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business
 combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common
 stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor or its
 permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following our initial public offering,
 our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination.

78 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a
 condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination.

Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our
 officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender.
 Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.

The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor.

In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if:

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity;

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation.

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed
 criteria to multiple entities.

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations:

Individual

Entity

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Carl Stanton

Westwood Estate Wines

Food and Beverage

Managing Partner

cbGrowth Partners

Investments

Founder

Ernest Lyles

The HiGro Group

Private Equity

Founder and Managing Partner

Wray Thorn

Clear Heights Capital

Private Equity and Venture Capital

Founder and Chief Executive Officer

Youth, Inc.

Nonprofit Organization

Co-Chair of Board of Directors

Sailfish Productions

Entertainment and Media

General Manager

Howard Sanders

Auldbrass Partners L.P.

Private Equity

Founder and Managing Member

Troy Carter

Q A

Technology and Multimedia

Founder and Chief Executive Officer

The Aspen Institute

Nonprofit Organization

Executive Member on the Board of Trustees

Los Angeles County Museum of Art

Museum

Executive Member on the Board of Trustees

Dawanna Williams

Dabar Development Partners

Real Estate

Managing Principal

Dia Simms

Lobos 1707 Tequila Mezcal

Food and Beverages

Chief Executive Officer

Tilt Holdings Inc.

Cannabis-Focused Holding Company

Director

79 

Table of Contents 

Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has
 current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the
 opportunity. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
 provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such
 opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with or related to Auldbrass Partners, our sponsor, officers, directors or members of our
 advisory board. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with or related to any of Auldbrass Partners, our sponsor, officers, directors or members of our advisory board, we, or a
 committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to
 our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

We have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. In the event that we submit our initial business
 combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination and our
 officers and directors have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial business combination.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or
 may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as
 directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or
 derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.

80 

Table of Contents 

We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have
 purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to
 indemnify our officers and directors.

These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the
 likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we
 pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The following disclosure concerns the compensation of our executive officers and directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

None of our officers or directors received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that the Company s securities were first listed on Nasdaq the Company began
 to reimburse an affiliate of the sponsor for office space, administrative and support services provided to the Company in the amount of 10,000 per month. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease
 paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the
 completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due
 diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee has and will continue to review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates.

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
 of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not
 established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination,
 because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for
 determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is
 possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to
 retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
 combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment.

81 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of the date of this Report based on information obtained from the persons named
 below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock;

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our shares of common stock; and

all our executive officers and directors as a group.

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The
 following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report.

82 

Table of Contents 

Class B common stock

Class A common stock

Name of Beneficial Owners(1)

Number of Shares

 Beneficially

 Owned(2)

Approximate

 Percentage of Class

Number of Shares

 Beneficially Owned(2)

Approximate

 Percentage of Class

Focus Impact Sponsor, LLC(3) (our sponsor)

5,750,000

20.0

Carl Stanton(4) 

Ernest Lyles(4) 

Howard Sanders(4)

Troy Carter(4) 

Dawanna Williams(4)

Wray Thorn(4) 

All officers and directors as a group (seven individuals)

5,750,000

20.0

Less than one percent.

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 250 Park Avenue Ste 911, New York, NY, 10177

(2) 

Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as more fully described
 under the heading Description of Securities-Founder Shares of our final prospectus (File No. 333-255448), filed in connection with our initial public offering.

(3) 

Our sponsor is governed by a five-member board of managers composed of Carl Stanton, Ernest Lyles, Wes Moore, Howard Sanders and Wray Thorn. Each manager has one vote, and the approval of a majority of the managers is required to
 approve an action of our sponsor. Under the so-called rule of three, if voting and dispositive decisions regarding an entity s securities are made by three or more individuals, and a voting and dispositive decision requires the
 approval of a majority of those individuals, then none of the individuals is deemed a beneficial owner of the entity s securities. This is the situation with regard to our sponsor. Based upon the foregoing analysis, no individual
 manager of our sponsor exercises voting or dispositive control over any of the securities held by our sponsor, even those in which such manager directly holds a pecuniary interest. Accordingly, none of them will be deemed to have or
 share beneficial ownership of such shares. Carl Stanton, Ernest Lyles, Wes Moore, Howard Sanders and Wray Thorn, individually and together with their controlled affiliates, collectively, own approximately 43.8 of the membership
 interests in our sponsor.

(4) 

Does not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his membership interest in our sponsor.

Our sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws.

Changes in Control

None.

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

In March 2021, we issued 7,187,500 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately 0.003 per share. The number of founder shares issued was
 determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering. In October 2021, our sponsor surrendered 1,437,500 founder shares resulting in our
 sponsor holding 5,750,000 founder shares. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder.

83 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor has, pursuant to a written agreement, purchased 11,200,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously
 with our initial public offering. As such, our sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at 11,200,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share. The
 private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder.

As more fully discussed in the section of this Report entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes
 aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to
 present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.

Commencing on the date that the Company s securities were first listed on Nasdaq the Company began to reimburse an affiliate of the sponsor for office space, administrative and support services
 provided to the Company in the amount of 10,000 per month. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.

No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or
 in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target
 businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine
 which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.

Prior to the closing of our initial public offering, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. These loans are
 non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of our initial public offering. The loan was repaid upon the closing of our initial public offering out of the offering proceeds not held in the
 trust account.

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and
 directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a
 portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of
 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any,
 have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan
 such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.

After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts
 being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of
 distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and
 director compensation.

We have entered into a registration rights and stockholder rights agreement pursuant to which our sponsor will be entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement
 warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our initial business
 combination, to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, which is described under the section of the final prospectus filed on October 27, 2021 entitled Description of Securities - Registration and Stockholder
 Rights. 

84 

Table of Contents 

Related Party Policy

We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or
 ratified in accordance with any such policy.

We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the
 appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or
 guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company.

In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we have adopted, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such
 transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit
 committee constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to
 complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions.

These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
 employee or officer.

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with Auldbrass Partners or our sponsor, officers,
 directors or members of our advisory board unless a committee of independent and disinterested directors has obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions
 that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, members of our advisory board or our
 or their affiliates, by us for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, members of our
 advisory board or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination:

repayment of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses;

payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 10,000 per month, for up to 18 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support;

reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and

repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which
 have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender.

Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, members of our advisory board or our or their affiliates.

85 

Table of Contents 

Director Independence

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board
 of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). Our board of directors has determined that Troy Carter and
 Dawanna Williams are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Pursuant to Nasdaq s phase-in rules for newly listed companies, we have one year from the date on which we are first listed on
 Nasdaq to for a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present.

Item 14 . 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.

The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered.

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided
 by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the
 respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 95,861 and 87,035, respectively. The above amounts include
 interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings.

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of
 our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay
 Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 23, 2021 (inception) through December
 31, 2021.

All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
 2021.

Pre-Approval Policy

Our audit committee was formed upon the pricing of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the
 formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
 services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion
 of the audit).

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report:

(1)

Financial Statements:

86 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

F-2

Consolidated Balance Sheet

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Operation

F-4

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit

F-5

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-7

(2)

Financial Statement Schedules:

None.

(3) 

Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
 facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates
 or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov .

87 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit

Description

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.(1)

4.1 

Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(1)

4.2 

Description of Company s Securities. 

10.1 

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor.(1)

10.2 

Investment management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company.(1)

10.3 

Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among Company and the Sponsor and certain other equityholders named therein.(1)

10.4 

Letter Agreement between the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors. (1)

10.5 

Administrative Services Agreement between the Registrant and the Sponsor.(1)

21 

List of Subsidiaries. 

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 

32.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

32.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 

101.INS

iXBRL Instance Document

101.SCH

iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

101.CAL

iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

101.DEF

iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

101.LAB

iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

101.PRE

iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File embedded within the iXBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101

Filed herewith

Furnished herewith

(1) 

Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 1, 2021.

88 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized.

April 6, 2023

FOCUS IMPACT ACQUISITION CORP.

By:

/s/ Carl Stanton

Name:

Carl Stanton

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
 capacities and on the dates indicated.

Name

Position

Date

/s/ Carl Stanton 

Chief Executive Officer and Director

 (Principal Financial Officer)

April 6, 2023

Carl Stanton 

/s/ Ernest Lyles 

Chief Financial Officer and Director

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

April 6, 2023

Ernest Lyles 

/s/ Wray Thorn 

Chief Investment Officer

April 6, 2023

Wray Thorn 

/s/ Howard Sanders 

Lead Director

April 6, 2023

Howard Sanders

/s/ Troy Carter 

Director

April 6, 2023

Troy Carter

/s/ Dawanna Williams 

Director

April 6, 2023

Dawanna Williams

/s/ Dia Simms 

Director

April 6, 2023

Dia Simms

89 

Table of Contents 

FOCUS IMPACT ACQUISITION CORP.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 688 

F-2

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets

F-3

Statements of Operations

F-4

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements

F-7 to F-22 

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

Focus Impact Acquisition Corp.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Focus Impact
 Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations , stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 , and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in
 Note 1, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination, then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. In addition, the Company has incurred negative cash used in operating activities and
 needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also
 described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial
 statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
 U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
 reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
 reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
 performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
 principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

April 6, 2023

F-2 

Table of Contents 

FOCUS IMPACT ACQUISITION CORP.

BALANCE SHEETS

December 31,

2022 

2021 

Assets:

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current asset

Prepaid expenses, non-current

Investment held in Trust Account

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Due to Sponsor

Franchise taxes payable

Income taxes payable

Total current liabilities

Warrant liability

Marketing agreement

Deferred underwriting commissions

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6)

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption
 value

Stockholders Deficit:

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued
 and outstanding

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; 
 issued and outstanding, (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total stockholders deficit

Total Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

FOCUS IMPACT ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended

 December 31,

For the Period from

 February

 23, 2021 (Inception)

 Through December 31,

2022 

2021 

Formation and operating costs

Marketing service fee

Loss from operations

Other income (expense):

Warrant transaction costs

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Operating account interest income

Income from trust account

Total other income, net

Income before provision for income taxes

Provision for income taxes

Net income

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
 statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

FOCUS IMPACT ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 23,
 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021

Class B Common Stock

Additional

Accumulated

Stockholders 

Shares

Amount

Paid-in Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance as of February 23, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor

Sale of Units through public offering

Sale of Private Placement Warrants

Net offering costs

Initial fair value of warrant liability

Excess of cash received over fair value of private placement warrants

Net income

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption

Balance as of December 31, 2021

Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

FOCUS IMPACT ACQUISITION CORP.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year

 Ended

 December 31,

For the

 Period From

 February 23,

 2021

 (Inception)

 Through 

 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:

Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Income from investments held in Trust Account

Changes in assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Due to Sponsor

Franchise tax payable

Marketing service fee

Income taxes payable

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities:

Proceeds from Trust Account

Investments in Trust Account

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from sale of common stock to Sponsor

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of costs

Proceeds from private placement

Payment of underwriter discount

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash, beginning of the period

Cash, end of the period

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:

Accretion for Class A common stock to redemption amount

Deferred underwriters discount changed to additional paid-in capital

Initial classification of warrant liability

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
 statements.

F-6 

Table of Contents 

or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with
 early stage and emerging growth companies.

units (the Units which included the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase
 an additional Units at the IPO price to cover over-allotments. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock, 
 par value per share (the Class A common stock ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ), each whole
 Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is
 discussed in Note 3.

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of .

consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, and of other
 offering costs. Of the offering costs, is included within accumulated deficit and is included in additional paid in capital.

has been placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ), representing the redemption value of the Class A common stock sold in the
 IPO, at their redemption value of per share.

or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 
 of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with the Business Combination.
 The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the
 outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
 Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

per Unit sold in the IPO (including the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) and the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, are held in a trust account Trust Account and will be invested only in U.S.
 government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The trust account
 is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the
 Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Company s Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
 the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s public shares if the Company does do not complete the initial
 Business Combination within months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect to any other provisions relating to
 the rights of holders of the Company s Class A common stock, and (c) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination within months from the closing of this offering, subject to applicable law.

per public share. All of the
 Public Shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with an initial Business Combination
 and in connection with certain amendments to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not
 solely within the control of a company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the
 initial carrying value of Class A common stock classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The Class A common stock is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity
 instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become
 redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of
 each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately. The accretion or remeasurement will be treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings, additional
 paid-in capital). While redemptions cannot cause the Company s net tangible assets to fall below , the Public Shares are
 redeemable and will be classified as such on the balance sheet until such date that a redemption event takes place. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and
 outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination.

months from the closing of the Proposed Public Offering (the Combination Period to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company
 is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within such -month period, the Company may seek an amendment to the
 Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend the period of time the Company has to complete an initial Business Combination beyond months. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires that such an amendment be approved by holders of of the Company s outstanding common stock. If the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within months from the closing of this offering (or such extended period to complete an initial Business Combination), the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
 winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
 per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay the Company s franchise and income
 taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
 redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
 such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of
 creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.

F-8 

Table of Contents 

of the Company s public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination
 within months from the closing of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of
 the Company s Class A commons stock and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if the Company fails to consummate an initial Business Combination within months from the closing of this offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to
 any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame). Further, the Company has agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial Business
 Combination without the prior consent of the Sponsor. If the Company submits the initial Business Combination to the Company s public stockholders for a vote, the Company will complete the initial Business Combination only if a majority of
 the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial Business Combination.

per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in
 the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and
 all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event
 that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company has not independently verified whether the Sponsor
 has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. The Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. None of the Company s
 officers will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

F-9 

Table of Contents 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, and of
 other offering costs. Of the offering costs, is included within the statement of operations and is included in temporary equity.

and , respectively, and 
 cash equivalents.

F-11 

Table of Contents 

Class A common stock at per share were issued on November 1, 2021. warrants were
 exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from February 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. The calculation of diluted income per common stock does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in
 connection with (i) the Initial Public Offering, (ii) the exercise of the over-allotment and (iii) the Private Placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. 

Denominator:

Weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share, redeemable common stock

F-12 

Table of Contents 

warrants issued in connection with the IPO and Private Placement in accordance with the guidance contained in FASB ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging whereby under that provision the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment
 and must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classified the warrant instrument as a liability at fair value and will adjust the instrument to fair value at each reporting period. This liability will be re-measured at each
 balance sheet date until the warrants are exercised or expire, and any change in fair value will be recognized in the Company s statement of operations. The fair value of warrants was estimated using an internal valuation model. Our
 valuation model utilized inputs such as assumed share prices, volatility, discount factors and other assumptions and may not be reflective of the price at which they can be settled. Such warrant classification is also subject to
 re-evaluation at each reporting period.

unrecognized tax benefits and 
 amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

F-13 

Table of Contents 

common stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in
 connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments,
 which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Therefore, all shares of Class A
 common stock have been classified outside of permanent equity.

Gross proceeds from IPO

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Class A common stock issuance costs

Plus:

Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value to redemption value

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption

Units at a purchase price of per Unit which included the exercise of the underwriters option to purchase an
 additional Units at the initial public offering price to cover over-allotments. Each Unit had an offering price of
 and consists of 
 share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share, and one-half of one warrant of the Company. Each full Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase share of Class A Common Stock at a price of per share.

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
 Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was deposited into the Trust Account. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account will be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section
 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
 obligations.

F-14 

Table of Contents 

whole share of the Class A common stock at a price of per
 share, subject to adjustment, at any time commencing on the later of from the closing of the IPO and days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The warrants will expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and
 a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if the Company s Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise
 of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at the Company s option, require holders of public
 warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration
 statement, but will use commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common
 stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any
 period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but will use commercially
 reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of
 shares of Class A common stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value 
 (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) the product of and the
 number of whole warrants being exercised by such holder. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock for the trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent.

.

per warrant;

days prior written notice of redemption to each
 warrant holder; and

per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 
 trading days within a -trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to
 the warrant holders.

F-15 

Table of Contents 

.

per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior
 to redemption;

per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within the -trading
 day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and

warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of .

days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and they will not be
 redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis.

of the Company s public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business
 Combination within months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of
 holders of the Company s Class A commons stock and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if the Company fails to consummate an initial Business
 Combination within months from the closing of this offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from
 the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame). Further, the Company has agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement
 regarding an initial Business Combination without the prior consent of the Sponsor.

F-16 

Table of Contents 

to the Company in consideration for shares of Class B common stock. The number of founder shares issued was
 determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent of the outstanding shares of common stock upon
 completion of the IPO. On October 6, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered shares of Class B common stock for consideration resulting in the Sponsor holding shares of Class B common stock.

founder
 shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
 option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s
 issued and outstanding shares after the IPO (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any public shares in the IPO). With the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters, founder shares are subject to forfeiture.

-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments, as described in Note 8.

after the completion of the initial Business Combination; or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination,
 (x) if the closing price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock
 splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least 
 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to
 exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The Company refers to such transfer restrictions as the lock-up.

to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. The loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021,
 (ii) the date on which the Company consummates the IPO, or (iii) the date on the Company determines to not proceed with such IPO. The Company had borrowed under the promissory note and fully repaid it on November 4, 2021. Borrowings under the promissory note are no longer available to the Company.

of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and
 exercise period. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, such Working Capital Loans were outstanding.

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support provided to the Company. Upon
 completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 23, 2021 (inception) through December
 31, 2021 the Company incurred and , respectively, in administrative support fees. Since inception to December 31, 2022, 
 amounts have been paid under this agreement.

F-17 

Table of Contents 

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration
 statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act.

or approximately per Unit, including the
 over-allotment option.

per unit, or in the aggregate (including
 the commission related to the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option). The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an Initial
 Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement for the offering.

due upon a Business Combination for advisory services. If the advisors provide lead information of a potential target company in a
 Business Combination, the Company will pay the advisors between and upon successful close of the Business Combination. 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

Liabilities

Public Warrants 

Private Warrants

Liabilities

Public Warrants 

Private Warrants

Expected term to initial Business Combination (years)

Expected volatility

de minimis

Common stock price

Dividend yield

F-19 

Table of Contents 

Change in fair value 

Fair Value at December 31, 2022 private warrants

Initial fair value of the warrants

Public Warrants reclassified to level 1 (1) 

Change in fair value 

Fair Value at December 31, 2021 private warrants

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as
 may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares
 of preferred stock issued or outstanding.

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding, excluding 
 shares subject to possible redemption

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock are entitled to
 vote for each common stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding.

to the Company in consideration for shares of Class B common stock. The number of founder shares issued was determined
 based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent of the outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of
 the IPO. On October 6, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered shares of Class B common stock for consideration resulting in the Sponsor holding 
 shares of Class B common stock.

-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like),
 and subject to further adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of a Business
 Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such
 adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of the IPO plus all shares of Class A common stock
 and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any private
 placement-equivalent warrants issued to the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company).

F-20 

Table of Contents 

Organizational costs/Startup expenses

Total deferred tax asset

Valuation allowance

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance

Deferred

State and Local

Current

Deferred

Change in valuation allowance

Income tax provision

and of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, respectively, which do not expire, and no state net operating loss
 carryovers available to offset future taxable income.

. For the period from February 23 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was .

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Warrant transaction costs

Change in valuation allowance

Other

Income tax provision

F-21 

Table of Contents 

times by an additional 
 each time after the Articles Extension Date, by resolution of the Company s board of directors if requested by the Sponsor, and upon advance notice prior to the applicable Termination Date, until May 1, 2024, or a total of up to after the Original Termination Date, unless the closing of the initial Business Combination shall have occurred prior to such date (the Extension Amendment
 Proposal ). 

 business days of the date of the Extension Meeting, of the lesser of (a) an aggregate of or (b) per
 share that is not redeemed in connection with the Extension Meeting, to be deposited into the Trust Account established in connection with the IPO. In addition, in the event the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination
 by the Articles Extension Date, the Lender will contribute to the Company as a loan up to the lesser of (a) or (b) per each share that is not redeemed in
 connection with the Extension Meeting in 
 equal installments to be deposited into the Trust Account for each of extensions following the Articles Extension Date. 

F-22 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 brhc10050067_ex4-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

Exhibit 4.2

FOCUS IMPACT ACQUISITION CORP.

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

The following summary of the material terms of the securities of Focus Impact Acquisition Corp. we, us, our or the company is
 not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the company s
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), and applicable Delaware law. We urge you to read our amended and restated certificate of incorporation in its entirety for a complete description of the rights and
 preferences of our securities.

Certain Terms

Unless otherwise stated in this exhibit or the context otherwise requires, references to:

Auldbrass Partners are to Auldbrass Partners, L.P., an investment management fund and investor in our sponsor;

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively;

founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to the offering, and the shares of our
 Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof;

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering;

management or our management team are to our officers and directors, and directors are to our current directors;

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the offering;

public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in the offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or
 thereafter in the open market);

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or
 members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public shares;

sponsor are to Focus Impact Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

we, us, our, company, or our company are to Focus Impact Acquisition Corp.

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of Class
 A common stock, 0.0001 par value, 50,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock.
 Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.

Units

Each unit consists of one whole share of Class A common stock and one-half of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder
 thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in our final prospectus related to our initial public offering. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may
 exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and
 only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant.

The Class A common stock and warrants were not traded separately until we filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which
 included an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units. We filed a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes this audited balance
 sheet promptly after the completion of our initial public offering.

Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial
 business combination.

Common Stock

As of the date of the Report, there were 23,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001, and 5,750,000 shares of Class B
 common stock, par value 0.0001, were issued and outstanding.

Common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of
 the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our
 stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election
 of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of
 directors out of funds legally available therefor.

Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 shares of Class A common
 stock, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our
 stockholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination.

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
 after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such
 election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section
 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an
 application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a
 majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason.

We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
 initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned
 on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per-share amount we will
 distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to
 which they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to
 our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial
 business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of
 holders of our Class A commons stock and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the
 closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
 time frame). Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such
 initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated
 certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of
 incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a
 stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation
 pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the
 business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock
 of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in privately- negotiated transactions (as described in our final prospectus), if any, could result in the approval
 of our business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock
 voted, non- votes will have no effect on the approval of our business combination once a quorum is obtained. We will give at least 10 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our business
 combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination.

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business
 combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in
 concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer
 to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will
 reduce their influence over our ability to complete our business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not
 receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be
 required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder
 shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders founder shares, we would need 8,625,001, or 37.5 , of the
 23,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each public stockholder may
 elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph).

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our business combination within 18
 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds
 therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay
 our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
 (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of
 directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement
 with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our business combination within 18 months from the closing
 of our initial public offering. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we
 fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time period.

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our stockholders are entitled to
 share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other
 subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount
 then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein.

Founder Shares

The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and
 holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (a) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (b) our sponsor, officers and directors have
 entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination
 and a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of Class A common stock the right to have their
 shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect
 to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A commons stock and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an
 initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our
 initial business combination within the prescribed time frame), (c) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination,
 or at any time prior thereto at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described herein and (d) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our business combination
 to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination.

The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business
 combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A
 common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the final prospectus and related to the closing of the business combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert
 into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of
 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion of
 our initial public offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any
 seller in the business combination). Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time.

With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors
 and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial
 business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any
 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our
 stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property.

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors.
 Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the
 board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by a resolution passed by a majority of our Class B common stock. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote
 of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling
 the holder to one vote.

Preferred Stock

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or
 more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof,
 applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common
 stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing
 management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock were issued
 or registered in our initial public offering.

Warrants

Public Stockholders Warrants

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
 to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately
 succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No
 fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon
 redemption or liquidation.

We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no
 obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject
 to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a share of Class A common stock upon exercise
 of a warrant unless the share of Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the
 event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In
 no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit
 solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit.

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than twenty business days after the closing of our initial business
 combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use
 our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus
 relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national
 securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in
 accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the
 shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of
 the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
 basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available.
 In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the lesser of (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A
 common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value and (B) the product of 0.361 and the number of whole warrants being
 exercised by such holder. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise
 is received by the warrant agent.

Redemption of warrants when
 the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants):

in whole and not in part;

at a price of 0.01 per warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon
 exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we
 send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders.

We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of
 the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants
 become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of
 the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the
 scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described
 under the heading Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.

Redemption of warrants when
 the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants):

in whole and not in part;

at 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis
 prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock (as defined below) except as otherwise described below;

if, and only if, the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares
 issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading
 days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and

if the closing price of the Class A common stock for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
 we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants 
 Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments ), the private placement warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above.

Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise
 their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in the table below represent the number of shares of Class A common stock that a warrant holder will receive upon such cashless exercise in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this
 redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for 0.10 per warrant), determined for these
 purposes based on volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the
 corresponding redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period
 described above ends.

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above to shares of Class A common stock shall include a security other than shares of
 Class A common stock into which the shares of Class A common stock have been converted or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will not be adjusted when
 determining the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not the surviving entity following our initial business combination.

The share prices set forth in the column headings of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares
 issuable upon exercise of a warrant or the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below. If the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted, the adjusted share
 prices in the column headings will equal the share prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and
 the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a warrant as so adjusted. The number of shares in the table below shall be adjusted in the same manner and at the same time as the number of shares issuable upon exercise
 of a warrant. If the exercise price of a warrant is adjusted, (a) in the case of an adjustment pursuant to the fifth paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the
 unadjusted share price multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price as set forth under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments and the denominator of which is 10.00 and (b) in the
 case of an adjustment pursuant to the second paragraph under the heading Anti-dilution Adjustments below, the adjusted share prices in the column headings will equal the unadjusted share price less the decrease in the exercise price of a
 warrant pursuant to such exercise price adjustment.

Redemption Date

Fair Market Value of Class A Common Stock

(period to expiration of warrants)

10.00

11.00

12.00

13.00

14.00

15.00

16.00

17.00

18.00

60 months

0.261

0.281

0.297

0.311

0.324

0.337

0.348

0.358

0.361

57 months

0.257

0.277

0.294

0.310

0.324

0.337

0.348

0.358

0.361

54 months

0.252

0.272

0.291

0.307

0.322

0.335

0.347

0.357

0.361

51 months

0.246

0.268

0.287

0.304

0.320

0.333

0.346

0.357

0.361

48 months

0.241

0.263

0.283

0.301

0.317

0.332

0.344

0.356

0.361

45 months

0.235

0.258

0.279

0.298

0.315

0.330

0.343

0.356

0.361

42 months

0.228

0.252

0.274

0.294

0.312

0.328

0.342

0.355

0.361

39 months

0.221

0.246

0.269

0.290

0.309

0.325

0.340

0.354

0.361

36 months

0.213

0.239

0.263

0.285

0.305

0.323

0.339

0.353

0.361

33 months

0.205

0.232

0.257

0.280

0.301

0.320

0.337

0.352

0.361

30 months

0.196

0.224

0.250

0.274

0.297

0.316

0.335

0.351

0.361

27 months

0.185

0.214

0.242

0.268

0.291

0.313

0.332

0.350

0.361

24 months

0.173

0.204

0.233

0.260

0.285

0.308

0.329

0.348

0.361

21 months

0.161

0.193

0.223

0.252

0.279

0.304

0.326

0.347

0.361

18 months

0.146

0.179

0.211

0.242

0.271

0.298

0.322

0.345

0.361

15 months

0.130

0.164

0.197

0.230

0.262

0.291

0.317

0.342

0.361

12 months

0.111

0.146

0.181

0.216

0.250

0.282

0.312

0.339

0.361

9 months

0.090

0.125

0.162

0.199

0.237

0.272

0.305

0.336

0.361

6 months

0.065

0.099

0.137

0.178

0.219

0.259

0.296

0.331

0.361

3 months

0.034

0.065

0.104

0.150

0.197

0.243

0.286

0.326

0.361

0 months

0.042

0.115

0.179

0.233

0.281

0.323

0.361

The exact fair market value and redemption date may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is
 between two values in the table or the redemption date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued for each warrant exercised will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between
 the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A
 common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11.00 per share, and at such time there are 57 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders
 may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.277 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption date are not as set forth in the
 table above, if the volume weighted average price of our Class A common stock during the 10 trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50 per share, and at such time
 there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. In no event will the warrants be
 exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and
 about to expire, they cannot be exercised on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for any shares of Class A common stock.

This redemption feature differs from the typical warrant redemption features used in many other blank check offerings, which typically
 only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A common stock exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified period of time. This redemption feature is structured to
 allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A common stock is trading at or above 10.00 per public share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A common stock is below the exercise price of the
 warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants when the price per
 share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares for their warrants based on an option pricing
 model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of the final prospectus. This redemption right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to our capital structure
 as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed. We will be required to pay the applicable redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly
 proceed with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants
 and pay the redemption price to the warrant holders.

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when the Class A common stock is trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the
 exercise price of 11.50, because it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of
 shares. If we choose to redeem the warrants when the Class A common stock is trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of Class A common stock than they would have
 received if they had chosen to wait to exercise their warrants for shares of Class A common stock if and when the Class A common stock was trading at a price higher than the exercise price of 11.50.

No fractional shares of Class A common stock will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a
 fractional interest in a share, we will round down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the
 shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. At such time as the warrants become
 exercisable for a security other than the Class A common stock, the Company (or surviving company) will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register under the Securities Act the security issuable upon the exercise of the warrants.

Redemption procedures.

A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
 right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount
 as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

Anti-dilution Adjustments . If the number of
 outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend,
 split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering made to all or
 substantially all holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class
 A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for
 shares of Class A common stock) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for
 securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for shares of Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any
 additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the
 first date on which the Class A common stock trades on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights.

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash,
 securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the shares of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described
 above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the shares of Class A common stock during the 365-day period ending on the date of
 declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number
 of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the
 holders of shares of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of shares of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
 and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public
 offering, or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then
 the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect
 of such event.

If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or
 reclassification of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable
 on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock.

Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above,
 the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise
 of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter.

In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in
 connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our
 board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y)
 the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
 combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our shares of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business
 combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share
 redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 and Redemption of warrants when the price per shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds
 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 10.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per
 share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above
 or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and
 that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or
 substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of
 the shares of Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of Class A common stock or other securities or property (including cash)
 receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately
 prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or
 other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender,
 exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by stockholders of the company as provided for in the
 company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation or as a result of the redemption of shares of Class A common stock by the company if a proposed initial business combination is presented to the stockholders of the company for approval)
 under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such maker is a part, and together with
 any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the
 Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding shares of Class A common stock, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been
 entitled as a stockholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the shares of Class A common stock held by such holder had been purchased pursuant
 to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the
 consideration receivable by the holders of shares of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of shares of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is
 quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public
 disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black- Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is
 to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the
 warrants. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants
 otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants.

The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
 warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the Report, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants.

The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i)
 curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the final prospectus, or defective provision, (ii)
 amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on shares of common stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant
 agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of
 the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants.

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the
 warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check
 payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common
 stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.

No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to
 receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant holder.

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
 warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the
 exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of
 America are the sole and exclusive forum.

Private Placement Warrants

The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not
 be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions as described under the section of the final prospectus entitled Principal Stockholders 
 Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable under certain redemption scenarios by us so long
 as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Otherwise, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial public offering, including
 as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us under all redemption
 scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in our initial public offering.

If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by
 surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair
 market value (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value.

The fair market value shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the
 third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its
 permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly
 limited. An insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information.

Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could sell the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely
 in the open market, the insiders could be significantly restricted from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate.

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our
 sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such
 warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period.

Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock
 issuable upon exercise of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except that, among other limited exceptions as described under the section of the final prospectus entitled
 Principal Stockholders Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants made to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a
 business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any
 cash dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable
 future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

The transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have
 agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts
 performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company has agreed that it
 has no right of set off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or any monies in, the trust account that it may
 have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against any monies in the trust
 account or interest earned thereon.

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.

Provisions Related to Our initial public offering

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public
 offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially
 own 20 of our common stock upon the closing of our initial public offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in our initial public offering), will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
 will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that:

if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations
 except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in
 cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes (less up to 100,000 of
 interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
 distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in
 each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the
 trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to stockholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b)
 to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing
 provisions;

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with or related to Auldbrass Partners or our sponsor,
 officers, directors or members of our advisory board we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent
 investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view;

if a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal
 reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain
 substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act. Whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange
 Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above;

our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of our assets held
 in the trust account excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination;

if our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to
 redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering or with respect to any other provisions relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common
 stock, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per- share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
 in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations.

In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public
 shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination.

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and
 Bylaws

We have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains similar
 provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless:

prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
 stockholder;

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our
 voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or

at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder.

Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or certain other transactions resulting in a financial
 benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of our voting
 stock.

Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect
 various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring our company to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement
 would be avoided if our board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board
 of directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our sponsor and its affiliates, any of its direct or indirect
 transferees of at least 15 of our outstanding common stock and any group as to which such persons are party to, do not constitute interested stockholders for purposes of this provision.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of
 directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings.

Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could
 be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render
 more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Exclusive Forum for Certain Lawsuits

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative
 forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (1) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of our company, (2) action asserting a claim of
 breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of our company to our company or our stockholders, or any claim for aiding and abetting any such alleged breach, (3) action asserting a claim against our company or any
 director or officer of our company arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer of our company governed
 by the internal affairs doctrine except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim (A) as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the
 indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C)
 arising under the federal securities laws, including the Securities Act as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall concurrently be the sole and exclusive forums. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and
 exclusive forum. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against
 our directors and officers. Furthermore, the enforceability of choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of
 provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable.

Special Meeting of Stockholders

Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our
 Chief Executive Officer or by our Chairman.

Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations

Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for
 election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later
 than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the open of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals
 seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our
 stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders.

Action by Written Consent

Any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of
 such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock.

Classified Board of Directors

Our board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered
 three-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the
 directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of
 directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office.

Class B Common Stock Consent Right

For so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the
 holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such
 amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of
 Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not
 less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted.

Securities Eligible For Future Sale

We have 28,750,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Of these shares, the 23,000,000 sold in our initial public offering are freely
 tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the remaining 5,750,000 shares and all
 11,200,000 private placement warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering, and the shares of Class B common stock and private placement warrants are subject to
 transfer restrictions as set forth elsewhere in the final prospectus related to our initial public offering. These restricted securities will be subject to registration rights as more fully described below under Registration and Stockholder
 Rights. 

Rule 144

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months
 would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic
 reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the
 sale.

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our
 affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not
 exceed the greater of:

1 of the total number of shares of common stock then-outstanding, which will equal 287,500 shares immediately after our initial public offering; or

the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale.

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of
 current public information about us.

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies

Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related
 shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company;

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding twelve months (or such
 shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its
 status as an entity that is not a shell company.

As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144
 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination.

Registration and Stockholder Rights

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
 (and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) are entitled to registration
 rights pursuant to a registration rights and stockholder agreement signed in connection with our initial public offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A
 common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with
 respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration and
 stockholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, on
 the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for
 stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a
 liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property and (ii) in the case
 of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A common stock underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such
 registration statements.

In addition, pursuant to the registration and stockholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon consummation of an initial business
 combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors.

Listing of Securities

Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbol FIACU, FIAC and FIAC.W, respectively.

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21>
 3
 brhc10050067_ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

None.

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc10050067_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

I, Carl Stanton, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Focus Impact Acquisition Corp.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
 financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
 accepted accounting principles; (c)Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial
 reporting.

Date: April 6, 2023

By:

/s/ Carl Stanton 

Carl Stanton

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brhc10050067_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 AND 15d-14

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

I, Ernest Lyles, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Focus Impact Acquisition Corp.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial
 reporting.

Date: April 6, 2023

By:

/s/ Ernest Lyles 

Ernest Lyles

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc10050067_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. 1350

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

In connection with the Annual Report of Focus Impact Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Carl Stanton, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my
 knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for
 the period covered by the Report.

Date: April 6, 2023

/s/ Carl Stanton

Name:

Carl Stanton

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 brhc10050067_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. 1350

 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

In connection with the Annual Report of Focus Impact Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Ernest Lyles, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my
 knowledge:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for
 the period covered by the Report.

Date: April 6, 2023

/s/ Ernest Lyles

Name:

Ernest Lyles

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 fiac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fiac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 fiac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 fiac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 fiac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

