<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_931059_0001493152-23-012549.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12864783</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>389346</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1637987</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5089516</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2336838</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3077879</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-012549.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417162602
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-012549
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rennova Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000931059
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-GENERAL MEDICAL & SURGICAL HOSPITALS, NEC [8062]
		IRS NUMBER:				680370244
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35141
		FILM NUMBER:		23824250

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 S. AUSTRALIAN AVENUE, SUITE 800
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-855-1626

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 S. AUSTRALIAN AVENUE, SUITE 800
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CollabRx, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120926

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TEGAL CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950918

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-012549.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
one) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______to______. 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.0001 Par Value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was . 

As
of March 30, 2023, the registrant had shares of Common Stock outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 

None 

RENNOVA
HEALTH, INC. 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 29 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 40 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 42 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 42 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 42 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 44 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 46 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 47 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 49 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 50 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 50 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 51 

2 

RENNOVA
HEALTH, INC. 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

PART
I 

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Registrant to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The Registrant s
plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing
involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions,
all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Registrant. Although the
Registrant believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove to be
inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements included in this Report will prove to be accurate.
Considering the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information
should not be regarded as a representation by the Registrant or any other person that the objectives and plans of the Registrant will
be achieved. 

The
forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K and referred to elsewhere are related to future events, our strategies or future
financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 believe, anticipate, future, potential, estimate, encourage, 
 opportunity, growth, leader, expect, intend, plan, 
 expand, focus, through, strategy, provide, offer, 
 allow, commitment, implement, result, increase, establish, 
 perform, make, continue, can, ongoing, include or
the negative of such terms or comparable terminology. All forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K are based on information
available to us as of the filing date of this report, and the Company assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements,
except as required by law. Our actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements include those described in Item
1A, Risk Factors. 

Item 1. 
 Business 

Rennova
Health, Inc. Rennova , together with its subsidiaries, the Company , we , us , its 
or our is a provider of health care services. The Company owns one operating hospital in Oneida, Tennessee, a hospital
located in Jamestown, Tennessee that it plans to reopen and operate and a rural health clinic in Kentucky. The Company s
operations consist of only one segment. 

Rennova
Health, Inc. is the result of a merger between two public companies, Medytox Solutions, Inc. and CollabRx, Inc. Medytox Solutions, Inc. Medytox was organized on July 20, 2005 under the laws of the State of Nevada. On November 2, 2015, pursuant to the terms
of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 15, 2015, by and among CollabRx, Inc. CollabRx ), CollabRx Merger
Sub, Inc. Merger Sub ), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of CollabRx formed for the purpose of the merger, and Medytox,
Merger Sub merged with and into Medytox, with Medytox as the surviving company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of CollabRx (the
 Merger ). Prior to closing, the Company amended its certificate of incorporation to change its name to Rennova Health, Inc.
This transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America U.S. GAAP and, as such, the historical financial statements of Medytox became the historical financial statements
of the Company. 

3 

Operations 

We
believe that the acquisition or development of rural hospitals and related healthcare service assets is a viable business strategy and
will create a stable revenue base from the provision of a needed service in rural America. These facilities deliver needed healthcare
services and employment to communities that would otherwise have to travel an hour or more to alternative locations. 

Our
current operations began on August 8, 2017, following the receipt of the required licenses and regulatory approvals to open our first
hospital in Oneida, Tennessee. 

Scott
County Community Hospital (d/b/a Big South Fork Medical Center) 

On
January 13, 2017, we acquired certain assets related to Scott County Community Hospital, based in Oneida, Tennessee (the Oneida
Assets ). The Oneida Assets include a 52,000 square foot hospital building and 6,300 square foot professional building on approximately
4.3 acres. Scott County Community Hospital has 25 beds, a 24/7 emergency department and a laboratory that provides a range of diagnostic
services. Scott County Community Hospital closed in July 2016 in connection with the bankruptcy filing of its parent company, Pioneer
Health Services, Inc. We acquired the Oneida Assets out of bankruptcy for a purchase price of 1.0 million. The hospital, which has since
been renamed Big South Fork Medical Center, became operational on August 8, 2017. The hospital became certified as a Critical Access
Hospital in December 2021, retroactive to June 30, 2021. 

Jamestown
Regional Medical Center 

On
June 1, 2018, we acquired from Community Health Systems, Inc. certain assets related to an acute care hospital located in Jamestown,
Tennessee, referred to as Jamestown Regional Medical Center, for a purchase price of 0.7 million. The hospital is an 85-bed facility
of approximately 90,000 square feet on over eight acres of land, which offered a 24-hour emergency department with two trauma bays and
seven private exam rooms, inpatient and outpatient medical services and a progressive care unit which provided telemetry services. The
acquisition also included a separate physician practice known as Mountain View Physician Practice, Inc. 

The
Company suspended operations at the hospital and physician practice in June 2019, as a result of the termination of the hospital s
Medicare agreement and other factors. The Company is evaluating whether to reopen the facility as an acute care hospital or as another
type of healthcare facility. Jamestown is located 38 miles west of Big South Fork Medical Center. 

Jellico
Medical Center and CarePlus Clinic 

On
March 5, 2019, we acquired certain assets related to a 54-bed acute care hospital that offered comprehensive services located in Jellico,
Tennessee known as Jellico Community Hospital and an outpatient clinic located in Williamsburg, Kentucky. The hospital and the clinic
and their associated assets were acquired from Jellico Community Hospital, Inc. and CarePlus Rural Health Clinic, LLC, respectively.
On March 1, 2021, the Company closed Jellico Community Hospital, after the City of Jellico issued a 30-day termination notice for the
lease of the building. 

The
CarePlus Clinic offers compassionate care in a modern, patient-friendly facility. The CarePlus Clinic is located 32 miles northwest of
our Big South Fork Medical Center. 

Discontinued
Operations 

On
June 25, 2021, the Company sold its subsidiaries, Health Technology Solutions, Inc. HTS and Advanced Molecular Services
Group, Inc. AMSG ), including their subsidiaries, to InnovaQor, Inc. InnovaQor ), formerly known as VisualMED
Clinical Solutions Corporation. HTS and AMSG held Rennova s software and genetic testing interpretation divisions. In consideration
for the shares of HTS and AMSG and the elimination of intercompany debt among the Company and HTS and AMSG, InnovaQor issued the Company
14,950 shares of its Series B-1 Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock ). The
Company recorded a gain on the sale of HTS and AMSG of 11.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, of which 9.1 million resulted
from the value of the 14,950 shares of InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock and 2.2 million resulted from the transfer to InnovaQor
of the net liabilities of HTS and AMSG. We have reflected the financial results of HTS and AMSG prior to the sale, as well as the gain
on sale, as discontinued operations in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

4 

During
the third quarter of 2020, the Company made a decision to sell EPIC Reference Labs, Inc. EPIC and it also decided
to discontinue several other non-operating subsidiaries, and as a result, EPIC s operations and the other non-operating
subsidiaries liabilities have been included in discontinued operations for all periods presented. The Company was unable to
find a buyer for EPIC and, therefore, it has ceased all efforts to sell EPIC and closed down its operations. 

Outlook 

Rural
healthcare facilities provide a much-needed service to their local communities. Furthermore, owning a number of facilities in the same
geographic location will create numerous efficiencies in management, purchasing and staffing and will enable the provision of additional,
specialized and more valuable services that are needed by rural communities but cannot be sustained by standalone facilities. We remain
confident that this is a sustainable model we can continue to grow through acquisition and development. 

In the second quarter of 2022, we formed a subsidiary,
Myrtle Recovery Centers, Inc., to pursue opportunities in the behavioral sector initially in our core, rural markets. We intend to focus
on leveraging our existing physical locations and corporate and regional infrastructure to offer behavioral services including, but not
limited to, substance abuse treatment. Services will be provided on either an inpatient, residential basis or an outpatient basis. The
Company is finalizing its plans for these initiatives, which are subject to many factors, including licensure and the hiring of clinical
and operational staff. The Company intends to initially offer substance abuse services at its Big South Fork Medical Center campus. The
Company expects the facility to be open and operating in the second quarter of 2023 although there is no assurance that the Company will
proceed with its plans. 

Impact
of the Pandemic 

The
COVID-19 pandemic was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020. We continue to closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our operations and we have taken steps intended to minimize the risk to our employees and patients.
These steps have increased our costs and our net revenues have been significantly adversely affected. As noted in Notes 1, 7 and 8 to
the accompanying consolidated financial statements, we have received Department of Health and Human Services HHS Provider
Relief Funds as well as Paycheck Protection Program loans PPP Notes and employee retention credits from the federal government.
If the COVID-19 pandemic continues for a further extended period, we expect to incur significant losses and additional financial assistance
may be required. Going forward, we are unable to determine the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to affect our business.
Our ability to make estimates of the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on net revenues, expenses or changes in accounting judgments that
have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial statements is currently limited. The nature and effect of
the COVID-19 pandemic on our balance sheet and results of operations will depend on the severity and length of the pandemic in our service
areas; government activities to mitigate the pandemic s effect; regulatory changes in response to the pandemic, especially those
affecting rural hospitals; existing and potential government assistance that may be provided; and the requirements of Provider Relief
Fund receipts, including our ability to retain such funds as have been received. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and the steps taken by governments to seek to reduce its spread have severely impacted the economy and the health care
industry in particular. Hospitals have especially been affected. Small rural hospitals, such as ours, may be overwhelmed by patients
if conditions worsen in their local areas. Staffing costs, and concerns due to the potential exposure to infections, may increase, as
may the costs of needed medical supplies necessary to keep the hospitals open. Doctors and patients may defer elective procedures and
other health care services. Travel bans, social distancing and quarantines may limit access to our facilities. Business closings and
layoffs in our local areas may result in the loss of insurance and adversely affect demand for our services, as well as the ability of
patients and other payers to pay for services as rendered. 

These
developments have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on us and the operations of our hospitals. 

5 

Competition 

The
healthcare industry is highly competitive among hospitals and other healthcare providers for patients, affiliations with physicians
and acquisitions. The most significant competition our hospitals, and any other hospitals we may acquire, face comes from hospitals
that provide more complex services, and other healthcare providers, including urgent care clinics and diagnostic imaging centers
that also compete for patients. Our hospitals, our competitors, and other healthcare industry participants are increasingly
implementing physician alignment strategies, such as acquiring physician practice groups, employing physicians and participating in
accountable care organizations ACOs or other clinical integration models, which may impact our competitive position.
In addition, increasing consolidation within the payor industry, vertical integration efforts involving payors and healthcare
providers, and cost-reduction strategies by large employer groups and their affiliates may impact our ability to contract with
payors on favorable terms and otherwise affect our competitive position. 

Governmental
Regulation 

Overview 

The
healthcare industry is governed by an extremely complex framework of federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, and there
continues to be federal and state proposals that would, and actions that do, impose limitations on government and private payments to
providers. In addition, there regularly are proposals to increase co-payments and deductibles from program and private patients. Facilities
also are affected by controls imposed by government and private payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay. Such controls
include what is commonly referred to as utilization review . Utilization review entails the review of a patient s
admission and course of treatment by a third party. Historically, utilization review has resulted in a decrease in certain treatments
and procedures being performed. Utilization review is required in connection with the provision of care which is to be funded by Medicare
and Medicaid and is also required under many managed care arrangements. 

Many
states have enacted, or are considering enacting, additional measures that are designed to reduce their Medicaid expenditures and to
make changes to private healthcare insurance. Various states have applied, or are considering applying, for a waiver from current Medicaid
regulations in order to allow them to serve some of their Medicaid participants through managed care providers. These proposals also
may attempt to include coverage for some people who presently are uninsured, and generally could have the effect of reducing payments
to hospitals, physicians and other providers for the same level of service provided under Medicaid. 

Healthcare
Facility Regulation 

Certificate
of Need Requirements 

A
number of states require approval for the purchase, construction or expansion of various healthcare facilities, including findings of
need for additional or expanded healthcare services. Certificates of Need CONs ), which are issued by governmental agencies
with jurisdiction over applicable healthcare facilities, are at times required for capital expenditures exceeding a prescribed amount,
changes in bed capacity or the addition of services and certain other matters. Tennessee, the state in which we currently own our hospitals,
has a CON law that applies to such facilities. States periodically review, modify and revise their CON laws and related regulations.
Any violation of state CON laws can result in the imposition of civil sanctions or the revocation of licenses for such facilities. We
are unable to predict whether our hospitals will be able to obtain any CONs that may be necessary to accomplish their business objectives
in any jurisdiction where such certificates of need are required. In addition, future healthcare facility acquisitions also may occur
in states that require CONs. 

Future
healthcare facility acquisitions also may occur in states that do not require CONs or which have less stringent CON requirements than
the state in which Rennova currently owns hospitals. Any healthcare facility operated by the Company in such states may face increased
competition from new or expanding facilities operated by competitors, including physicians. 

6 

Utilization
Review Compliance and Hospital Governance 

Healthcare
facilities are subject to, and are required to comply with, various forms of utilization review. In addition, under the Medicare prospective
payment system, each state must have a peer review organization to carry out a federally mandated system of review of Medicare patient
admissions, treatments and discharges in hospitals. Medical and surgical services and physician practices are supervised by committees
of staff doctors at each healthcare facility, are overseen by each healthcare facility s local governing board, the primary voting
members of which are physicians and community members, and are reviewed by quality assurance personnel. The local governing boards also
help maintain standards for quality care, develop long-range plans, establish, review and enforce practices and procedures and approve
the credentials and disciplining of medical staff members. 

Emergency
Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act 

The
Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act EMTALA is a federal law that requires any hospital that participates
in the Medicare program to conduct an appropriate medical screening examination of every person who presents to the hospital s
emergency department for treatment and, if the patient is suffering from an emergency medical condition or is in active labor, to either
stabilize that condition or make an appropriate transfer of the patient to a facility that can handle the condition. The obligation to
screen and stabilize emergency medical conditions exists regardless of a patient s ability to pay for treatment. There are severe
penalties under EMTALA if a hospital fails to screen or appropriately stabilize or transfer a patient or if the hospital delays appropriate
treatment in order to first inquire about the patient s ability to pay. Penalties for violations of EMTALA include civil monetary
penalties and exclusion from participation in the Medicare program, the Medicaid program or both. In addition, an injured patient, the
patient s family or a medical facility that suffers a financial loss as a direct result of another hospital s violation of
the law can bring a civil suit against that other hospital. Although we believe that we comply with EMTALA, we cannot predict whether
the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS will implement new requirements in the future and whether we will
be able to comply with any new requirements. 

Drugs
and Controlled Substances 

Various
licenses and permits are required by our hospitals to dispense narcotics. We are required to register our dispensing operations for
permits and/or licenses with, and comply with certain operating and security standards of, the United States Drug Enforcement Agency DEA ), the Food and Drug Administration FDA ), state health departments and other state agencies. 

Fraud
and Abuse, Anti-Kickback and Self-Referral Regulations 

Participation
in the Medicare and/or Medicaid programs is heavily regulated by federal statutes and regulations. If we fail to comply substantially
with the numerous federal laws governing our businesses, our participation in the Medicare and/or Medicaid programs may be terminated
and/or civil or criminal penalties may be imposed. For example, a hospital may lose its ability to participate in the Medicare and/or
Medicaid programs if it: 

makes claims to Medicare
 and/or Medicaid for services not provided or misrepresents actual services provided in order to obtain higher payments; 

pays money to induce the
 referral of patients or the purchase of items or services where such items or services are reimbursable under a federal or state
 health program; 

fails to report or repay
 improper or excess payments; or 

fails to provide appropriate
 emergency medical screening services to any individual who comes to a hospital s campus or otherwise fails to properly treat
 and transfer emergency patients. 

Hospitals
continue to be one of the primary focus areas of the federal Office of the Inspector General OIG and other governmental
fraud and abuse programs and the OIG has issued and periodically updated compliance program guidance for hospitals. Each federal fiscal
year, the OIG also publishes a General Work Plan that provides a brief description of the activities that the OIG plans to initiate or
continue with respect to the programs and operations of HHS and details the areas that the OIG believes are prone to fraud and abuse. 

Sections
of the Anti-Fraud and Abuse Amendments to the Social Security Act, commonly known as the anti-kickback statute, prohibit
certain business practices and relationships that might influence the provision and cost of healthcare services reimbursable under Medicare,
Medicaid, TriCare or other healthcare programs, including the payment or receipt of remuneration for the referral of patients whose care
will be funded by Medicare or other government programs. Sanctions for violating the anti-kickback statute include criminal penalties
and civil sanctions, including fines and possible exclusion from future participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid.
HHS has issued regulations that create safe harbors under the anti-kickback statute. A given business arrangement that does not fall
within an enumerated safe harbor is not per se illegal; however, business arrangements that fail to satisfy the applicable safe harbor
criteria are subject to increased scrutiny by enforcement authorities. 

7 

The
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA broadened the scope of the fraud and abuse laws by
adding several criminal statutes that are not related to receipt of payments from a federal healthcare program. HIPAA created civil penalties
for proscribed conduct, including upcoding and billing for medically unnecessary goods or services. These laws cover all health insurance
programs, private as well as governmental. In addition, HIPAA broadened the scope of certain fraud and abuse laws, such as the anti-kickback
statute, to include not just Medicare and Medicaid services, but all healthcare services reimbursed under a federal or state healthcare
program. Finally, HIPAA established enforcement mechanisms to combat fraud and abuse. These mechanisms include a bounty system where
a portion of the payment recovered is returned to the government agencies, as well as a whistleblower program, where a portion of the
payment received is paid to the whistleblower. HIPAA also expanded the categories of persons that may be excluded from participation
in federal and state healthcare programs. 

There
is increasing scrutiny by law enforcement authorities, the OIG, the courts and the U.S. Congress of arrangements between healthcare providers
and potential referral sources to ensure that the arrangements are not designed as mechanisms to exchange remuneration for patient-care
referrals and opportunities. Investigators also have demonstrated a willingness to look behind the formalities of a business transaction
and to reinterpret the underlying purpose of payments between healthcare providers and potential referral sources. Enforcement actions
have increased, as is evidenced by highly publicized enforcement investigations of certain hospital activities. 

In
addition, provisions of the Social Security Act, known as the Stark Act, also prohibit physicians from referring Medicare and Medicaid
patients to providers of a broad range of designated health services with which the physicians or their immediate family members have
ownership or certain other financial arrangements. Certain exceptions are available for employment agreements, leases, physician recruitment
and certain other physician arrangements. A person making a referral, or seeking payment for services referred, in violation of the Stark
Act is subject to civil monetary penalties; restitution of any amounts received for illegally billed claims; and/or exclusion from future
participation in the Medicare program, which can subject the person or entity to exclusion from future participation in state healthcare
programs. 

Further,
if any physician or entity enters into an arrangement or scheme that the physician or entity knows or should have known has the principal
purpose of assuring referrals by the physician to a particular entity, and the physician directly makes referrals to such entity, then
such physician or entity could be subject to a civil monetary penalty. Compliance with and the enforcement of penalties for violations
of these laws and regulations is changing and increasing. For example, CMS has issued a self-referral disclosure protocol 
for hospitals and other providers that wish to self-disclose potential violations of the Stark Act and attempt to resolve those potential
violations and any related overpayment liabilities at levels below the maximum penalties and amounts set forth in the statute. In light
of the provisions of the Affordable Care Act that created potential liabilities under the federal False Claims Act (discussed below)
for failing to report and repay known overpayments and return an overpayment within 60 days of the identification of the overpayment
or the date by which a corresponding cost report is due, whichever is later, hospitals and other healthcare providers are encouraged
to disclose potential violations of the Stark Act to CMS. It is likely that self-disclosure of Stark Act violations will increase in
the future. Finally, many states have adopted or are considering similar legislative proposals, some of which extend beyond the Medicaid
program, to prohibit the payment or receipt of remuneration for the referral of patients and physician self-referrals regardless of the
source of the payment for the care. 

The
Federal False Claims Act and Similar State Laws 

The
federal False Claims Act prohibits providers from, among other things, knowingly submitting false or fraudulent claims for payment to
the federal government. The False Claims Act defines the term knowingly broadly, and while simple negligence generally
will not give rise to liability, submitting a claim with reckless disregard to its truth or falsity can constitute the knowing 
submission of a false or fraudulent claim for the purposes of the False Claims Act. The qui tam or whistleblower 
provisions of the False Claims Act allow private individuals to bring actions under the False Claims Act on behalf of the government.
These private parties are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the government, and, as a result, the number of whistleblower 
lawsuits that have been filed against providers has increased significantly in recent years. When a private party brings a qui tam
 action under the False Claims Act, the defendant will generally not be aware of the lawsuit until the government makes a determination
whether it will intervene and take a lead in the litigation. If a provider is found to be liable under the False Claims Act, the provider
may be required to pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government plus mandatory civil monetary penalties for each
separate false claim. The government has used the False Claims Act to prosecute Medicare and other government healthcare program fraud
such as coding errors, billing for services not provided, submitting false cost reports, and providing care that is not medically necessary
or that is substandard in quality. A qui tam lawsuit has been filed against the Company alleging violations of the False Claims Act. See Legal
Proceedings . 

8 

HIPAA
Transaction, Privacy and Security Requirements 

HIPAA
and federal regulations issued pursuant to HIPAA contain, among other measures, provisions that have required the Company to implement
modified or new computer systems, employee training programs and business procedures. The federal regulations are intended to encourage
electronic commerce in the healthcare industry, provide for the confidentiality and privacy of patient healthcare information and ensure
the security of healthcare information. 

A
violation of the HIPAA regulations could result in civil money penalties per standard violated. HIPAA also provides for criminal penalties
and one year in prison for knowingly and improperly obtaining or disclosing protected health information, up to five years in prison
for obtaining protected health information under false pretenses and up to ten years in prison for obtaining or disclosing protected
health information with the intent to sell, transfer or use such information for commercial advantage, personal gain or malicious harm.
Since there is limited history of enforcement efforts by the federal government at this time, it is difficult to ascertain the likelihood
of enforcement efforts in connection with the HIPAA regulations or the potential for fines and penalties, which may result from any violation
of the regulations. 

HIPAA
Privacy Regulations 

HIPAA
privacy regulations protect the privacy of individually identifiable health information. The regulations provide increased patient control
over medical records, mandate substantial financial penalties for violation of a patient s right to privacy and, with a few exceptions,
require that an individual s individually identifiable health information only be used for healthcare-related purposes. These privacy
standards apply to all health plans, all healthcare clearinghouses and all healthcare providers, such as our hospitals, that transmit
health information in an electronic form in connection with standard transactions and apply to individually identifiable information
held or disclosed by a covered entity in any form. These standards impose extensive administrative requirements on our hospitals and
require compliance with rules governing the use and disclosure of such health information, and they require our facilities to impose
these rules, by contract, on any business associate to whom we disclose such information in order to perform functions on our behalf.
In addition, our hospitals are subject to any state laws that are more restrictive than the privacy regulations issued under HIPAA. These
laws vary by state and could impose stricter standards and additional penalties. 

The
HIPAA privacy regulations also require healthcare providers to implement and enforce privacy policies to ensure compliance with the regulations
and standards. We believe all of our facilities are in compliance with current HIPAA privacy regulations. 

HIPAA
Electronic Data Standards 

The
Administrative Simplification Provisions of HIPAA require the use of uniform electronic data transmission standards for all healthcare
related electronic data interchange. These provisions are intended to streamline and encourage electronic commerce in the healthcare
industry. Among other things, these provisions require us to use standard data formats and code sets established by HHS when electronically
transmitting information in connection with certain transactions, including health claims and equivalent encounter information, healthcare
payment and remittance advice and health claim status. 

The
HHS regulations establish electronic data transmission standards that all healthcare providers and payors must use when submitting and
receiving certain electronic healthcare transactions. The uniform data transmission standards are designed to enable healthcare providers
to exchange billing and payment information directly with the many payors thereby eliminating data clearinghouses and simplifying the
interface programs necessary to perform this function. We believe that our management information systems comply with HIPAA s electronic
data regulations and standards. 

9 

HIPAA
Security Standards 

The
Administrative Simplification Provisions of HIPAA require the use of a series of security standards for the protection of electronic
health information. The HIPAA security standards rule specifies a series of administrative, technical and physical security procedures
for covered entities to use to assure the confidentiality of electronic protected health information. The standards are delineated into
either required or addressable implementation specifications. We believe we are in compliance with all the aspects of the HIPAA security
regulations. 

HIPAA
National Provider Identifier 

HIPAA
also required HHS to issue regulations establishing standard unique health identifiers for individuals, employers, health plans and healthcare
providers to be used in connection with standard electronic transactions. All healthcare providers, including our hospitals, were required
to obtain a new National Provider Identifier NPI to be used in standard transactions instead of other numerical identifiers
by May 23, 2007. Our hospitals implemented use of a standard unique healthcare identifier by utilizing their employer identification
number. HHS has not yet issued proposed rules that establish the standard for unique health identifiers for health plans or individuals.
Once these regulations are issued in final form, we expect to have approximately one to two years to become fully compliant, but cannot
predict the impact of such changes at this time. We cannot predict whether our facilities may experience payment delays during the transition
to the new identifiers. HHS is currently working on the standards for identifiers for health plans; however, there are currently no proposed
timelines for issuance of proposed or final rules. The issuance of proposed rules for individuals is on hold indefinitely. 

Medical
Waste Regulations 

Our
operations, especially our hospitals, generate medical waste that must be disposed of in compliance with federal, state and local environmental
laws, rules and regulations. Our operations are also generally subject to various other environmental laws, rules and regulations. Based
on our current level of operations, we do not anticipate that such compliance costs will have a material adverse effect on our cash flows,
financial position or results of operations. 

Compliance
Program 

The
Company continuously evaluates and monitors its compliance with all Medicare, Medicaid and other rules and regulations. The objective
of the Company s compliance program is to develop, implement and update compliance safeguards as necessary. Emphasis is placed
on developing and implementing compliance policies and guidelines, personnel training programs and various monitoring and audit procedures
to attempt to achieve implementation of all applicable rules and regulations. 

The
Company seeks to conduct its business in compliance with all statutes, regulations, and other requirements applicable to its operations.
The health care industry is, however, subject to extensive regulation, and many of these statutes and regulations have not been interpreted
by the courts. There can be no assurance that applicable statutes and regulations will not be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial,
regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that would adversely affect the Company. Potential sanctions for violation of these statutes
and regulations include significant civil and criminal penalties, fines, exclusions from participation in government health care programs
and the loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations, necessary to operate as well as potential liabilities from third-party
claims, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 

Professional
Liability 

As
part of our business, our facilities are subject to claims of liability for events occurring in the ordinary course of operations. Professional
malpractice liability insurance and general liability insurance policies are maintained in amounts which are commercially available and
believed to be sufficient for operations as currently conducted, although some claims may exceed the scope or amount of the coverage
in effect. 

10 

Environmental
Regulation 

We
believe we are in substantial compliance with applicable federal, state and local environmental regulations. To date, compliance with
federal, state and local laws regulating the discharge of material into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the
environment have not had a material effect upon our results of operations, financial condition or competitive position. Similarly, we
have not had to make material capital expenditures to comply with such regulations. 

Payment
for Services 

The
Company s hospital operations depend significantly on continued participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs and in other
government healthcare programs. In recent years, both governmental and private sector payers have made efforts to contain or reduce health
care costs, including reducing reimbursement for services. 

Under
the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, effective as of January 1, 2022, Congress adopted provisions to help protect patients against
surprise bills and provide more price transparency. Patients have new billing protections when receiving emergency care and non-emergency
care from out-of-network providers at in-network facilities. Excessive out-of-pocket costs are restricted and emergency services must
continue to be covered without any prior authorization and regardless of whether or not a provider or facility is in-network. 

Further
healthcare reform could occur, including changes to the Affordable Care Act and Medicare reform, as well as administrative requirements
that may affect coverage, reimbursement and utilization of our hospitals in ways that are currently unpredictable. 

Employees 

On
March 30, 2023, we had 128 employees, of which 85 were full time. None of the Company s employees are represented by a union. 

Available
Information 

We
are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on a regular basis and are required to disclose certain material events in a Current Report on Form 8-K. All reports of the Company filed
with the SEC are available free of charge through the SEC s Web site at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the public may read and
copy materials filed by the Company at the SEC s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The
public may also obtain additional information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. These risks include those set forth herein. You should carefully consider
the following risks factors and uncertainties described below and the other information in this Annual Report before you decide to invest
in our securities. The occurrence of any of the adverse developments described in the following risk factors could materially and adversely
harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. In that case, the trading price of our securities could decline,
and you may lose all or part of your investment. You should not invest in our securities unless you can afford the loss of your entire
investment. 

The
Company s operations have historically operated at a loss and with a cash deficiency. The Company has limited access to capital
and is dependent on its ability to secure the funding required to cover current losses and execute on its business plan until cash flow
break even. Unless we raise sufficient funds, we will not be able to execute our business model. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we have relied on issuances of preferred stock, notes payable, loans from a former member
of our Board of Directors, and various federal government loan and grant programs to fund our operations. We did not generate positive
cash flow from operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

11 

Cash
deficiencies may make retention of employees difficult. Unless this situation
is corrected we may lose employees to the point where it becomes difficult to operate, or we may fail to attract employees to positions
necessary to implement our business model. 

Losses
incurred to date have created a need for additional capital, often at short notice, required for the Company to remain in business. If
this trend were to continue and we are unable to raise sufficient capital to fund our operations through other sources, our business
will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to continue as a going concern (see Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , Liquidity and Capital Resources ). There can be no assurances that
we will be able to raise sufficient funds on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, to fund our operations under our current business
model. 

Although
our financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, we have accumulated significant losses and have negative cash flows
from operations that could adversely affect our ability to refinance existing indebtedness or raise additional capital to fund our operations
or limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

If
we are unable to improve our liquidity position we may not be able to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern and, therefore, be required
to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities other than in the normal course of business, which could cause investors to suffer
the loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment. 

We
have accumulated significant losses and have negative cash flows from operations, and at December 31, 2022, we had a working capital
deficit and stockholders deficit of 42.9 million and 29.1 million, respectively. In addition, we incurred a loss from continuing
operations of 3.3 million and 5.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we used cash of 0.2 million
and 8.9 million to fund our operations during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our cash position 0.5 million at December 31, 2022) is
critically deficient, and payments for our operations are not being made in the ordinary course of business. The continued losses and
other related factors, including past due accounts payable and payroll taxes as well as payment defaults of certain outstanding debentures
and notes payable, as more fully discussed in Notes 1, 7 and 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months. 

The
Company s core business plan is to own and operate rural hospitals and other related healthcare service facilities, which is a
specialized marketplace with a requirement for capable and knowledgeable management. The Company s current financial condition
may make it difficult to attract and maintain adequate expertise in its management team to successfully operate the Company s hospitals. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our business plan, which is to acquire and operate clusters of rural hospitals and
related assets, raise any additional capital or secure the additional financing necessary to implement our current operating plan. Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise adequate capital to fund our operations and repay our outstanding
debentures and other past due obligations, fully align our operating costs, increase our net revenues and eventually gain profitable
operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable
to continue as a going concern. 

Our
holding company structure makes us dependent on our subsidiaries for our cash flow and could serve to subordinate the rights of our shareholders
to the rights of creditors of our subsidiaries, in the event of an insolvency or liquidation of any such subsidiary. 

Our
Company acts as a holding company and, accordingly, substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. Such
subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. As a result, substantially all of our cash flow depends upon the earnings of our
subsidiaries. In addition, we depend on the distribution of earnings, loans or other payment by our subsidiaries. No subsidiary will
have any obligation to provide our Company with funds for our payment obligations. If there is an insolvency, liquidation or other reorganization
of any of our subsidiaries, our shareholders will have no right to proceed against their assets. Creditors of those subsidiaries will
be entitled to payment in full for the sale or other disposal of the assets of those subsidiaries before our Company, as a shareholder,
would be entitled to receive any distribution from that sale or disposal. 

The
effects of the coronavirus pandemic have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

Demand
for services at our hospitals was substantially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic . If the pandemic continues for a further extended
period, we would expect to incur lower net revenues and incur significant losses. Accordingly, additional financial assistance may be
required. 

12 

The
coronavirus pandemic and the steps taken by governments to seek to reduce its spread have severely impacted the economy and the health
care industry in particular. Hospitals have especially been affected. Small rural hospitals, such as ours, may be overwhelmed by patients
if conditions worsen in their local areas. Staffing costs, and concerns due to the potential exposure to infections, may increase, as
may the costs of needed medical supplies necessary to keep the hospitals open. Doctors and patients may defer elective procedures and
other health care services. Travel bans, social distancing and quarantines may limit access to our facilities. Business closings and
layoffs in our local areas may result in the loss of insurance and adversely affect demand for our services, as well as the ability of
patients and other payers to pay for services as rendered. 

The
Company sold several of its subsidiaries to InnovaQor and has a current convertible preferred stock investment in and note receivable
with InnovaQor. An inability to monetize its convertible
preferred stock investment and/or receive cash proceeds in connection with repayment of the note receivable could have a material adverse
effect on the Company. 

In
June 2021, the Company sold several of its information technology related subsidiaries to InnovaQor for 14,950 shares of InnovaQor Series
B-1 Preferred Stock. In addition, the Company has provided loans/advances to InnovaQor to fund its working capital needs; such loans
were restructured on December 31, 2022 into a note receivable in the amount of 1.5 million. The Company has provided additional funds
to InnovaQor since December 31, 2022 and expects to continue to do so until InnovaQor raises third-party capital. Modest liquidity in
InnovaQor s common stock continues to affect the prospects for monetization of the Company s preferred stock investment.
Also, any delay in InnovaQor s ability to raise third-party capital may affect the timing of repayment of the note receivable,
the liquidity of its common stock and the need for continued funding of InnovaQor by the Company. The Company and InnovaQor may seek
to restructure the terms of the note receivable in the future. All such factors could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

The
InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock and the note receivable represent a significant portion of the Company s assets. There is
no assurance that InnovaQor will be able to continue as a going concern. If that were not to happen it would have a material adverse
effect on the Company. 

Our
business has substantial indebtedness; the majority of our debt instruments are in payment default and contain restrictive covenants
which may affect our operational and financial flexibility. 

We
currently have, and will likely continue to have, a substantial amount of indebtedness. Our indebtedness could, among other things, make
it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt and other obligations, require us to use a large portion of our cash flow from operations
to repay and service our debt or otherwise create liquidity problems, limit our flexibility to adjust to market conditions and place
us at a competitive disadvantage. Restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness may adversely affect us. As of December
31, 2022, we had total debt outstanding of approximately 14.5 million, all of which is short term and the majority which is past due.
As a result of non-payments of debt, included in outstanding debentures at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, were default payment penalties
of 1.9 million and we have incurred penalty interest on outstanding debentures and notes payable of approximately 1.8 million and 2.6
million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our
ability to meet our obligations depends on our future performance and capital raising activities, which will be affected by financial,
business, economic and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If our cash flow and capital resources prove inadequate to
allow us to pay the principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and
might be required to dispose of material assets or operations, restructure or refinance our debt, which we may be unable to do on acceptable
terms, and forego attractive business opportunities. In addition, the terms of our existing or future debt agreements may restrict us
from pursuing any of these alternatives. 

We
may have a limited ability to use some or all of our net operating loss carryforwards in the future. 

Under
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, substantial changes in our ownership may limit the amount of net operating
loss carryforwards that could be utilized annually in the future to offset our taxable income. Specifically, this limitation may arise
in the event of a cumulative change in ownership of the Company of more than 50 within a three-year period. Any such annual limitation
may significantly reduce the utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards before they expire. The Company has federal net operating
loss carryforwards totaling approximately 73.6 million generated since 2016. It also has various state net operating
loss carryforwards that begin to expire in 2032. Transactions that may occur in the future may trigger an ownership change pursuant
to Section 382, and prior transactions may be deemed to have triggered an ownership change pursuant to Section 382, the result of which
could limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards that we can utilize annually to offset our taxable income, if any. The Company
is reviewing whether any prior transaction may have triggered a limitation under Section 382. Any such limitation, whether as a result
of a prior transaction or a transaction in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations. 

Our
results of operations may be adversely affected if the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ACA is repealed, replaced
or otherwise changed. 

The
ACA has increased the number of people with health care insurance. It also has reduced Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements. Numerous
proposals continue to be discussed to repeal, amend or replace the law. We cannot predict whether any such repeal, amend or replace proposals,
or any parts of them, will become law and, if they do, what their substance or timing will be. There is uncertainty whether, when and
how the ACA may be changed, what alternative provisions, if any, will be enacted, the timing of enactment and implementation of any alternative
provisions and the impact of any alternative provisions on providers as well as other healthcare industry participants. Efforts to repeal
or change the ACA or implement other initiatives intended to reform healthcare delivery and financial systems may have an adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. 

13 

General
economic conditions. 

Much
healthcare spending is discretionary and can be significantly impacted by economic downturns. When patients are experiencing personal
financial difficulties or have concerns about general economic conditions, they may choose to defer or forego elective surgeries and
other non-emergent procedures, which are generally more profitable lines of business for hospitals. In addition, employers may impose
or patients may select a high-deductible insurance plan or no insurance at all, which increases a hospital s dependence on self-pay
revenue. Moreover, a greater number of uninsured patients may seek care in our emergency rooms. 

We
are unable to quantify the specific impact of current or recent economic conditions on our business, however, we believe that the economic
conditions in the service areas in which our hospitals operate may have an adverse impact on our operations. Such impact can be expected
to continue to affect not only the healthcare decisions of our patients and potential patients but could also have an adverse impact
on the solvency of certain managed care providers and other counterparties to transactions with us. 

Healthcare
plans have taken steps to control the utilization and reimbursement of healthcare services. 

We
also face efforts by non-governmental third-party payers, including healthcare plans, to reduce utilization and reimbursement for healthcare
services. 

The
healthcare industry has experienced a trend of consolidation among healthcare insurance plans and payers, resulting in fewer but larger
insurance plans with significant bargaining power to negotiate fee arrangements with healthcare providers. These healthcare plans, and
independent physician associations, may demand that providers accept discounted fee structures or assume all or a portion of the financial
risk associated with providing services to their members through capped payment arrangements. There are also an increasing number of
patients enrolling in consumer driven products and high deductible plans that involve greater patient cost-sharing. 

The
increased consolidation among healthcare plans and payers increases the potential adverse impact of not being, or ceasing to be, a contracted
provider with any such insurer. The ACA includes provisions, including ones regarding the creation of healthcare exchanges, which may
encourage healthcare insurance plans to increase exclusive contracting. 

We
expect continuing efforts to reduce reimbursements, to impose more stringent cost controls and to reduce utilization of services. These
efforts, including future changes in third-party payer rules, practices and policies or ceasing to be a contracted provider to many healthcare
plans, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Some
of our operations are subject to federal and state laws prohibiting kickbacks and other laws designed to prohibit payments
for referrals and eliminate healthcare fraud. 

Federal
and state anti-kickback and similar laws prohibit payment, or offers of payment, in exchange for referrals of products and services for
which reimbursement may be made by Medicare or other federal and state healthcare programs. Some state laws contain similar prohibitions
that apply without regard to the payer of reimbursement for the services. Under a federal statute, known as the Stark Law 
or self-referral prohibition, physicians, subject to certain exceptions, are prohibited from referring their Medicare or
Medicaid program patients to providers with which the physicians or their immediate family members have a financial relationship, and
the providers are prohibited from billing for services rendered in violation of Stark Law referral prohibitions. Violations of the federal
Anti-Kickback Law and Stark Law may be punished by civil and criminal penalties, and/or exclusion from participation in federal health
care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. States may impose similar penalties. The ACA significantly strengthened provisions of
the Federal False Claims Act and Anti-Kickback Law provisions, and other health care fraud provisions, leading to the possibility of
greatly increased qui tam suits by private citizen relators for perceived violations of these laws. There can be
no assurance that our activities will not come under the scrutiny of regulators and other government authorities or that our practices
will not be found to violate applicable laws, rules and regulations or prompt lawsuits by private citizen relators under federal or state
false claims laws. 

14 

Federal
officials responsible for administering and enforcing the healthcare laws and regulations have made a priority of eliminating healthcare
fraud. For example, the ACA includes significant new fraud and abuse measures, including required disclosures of financial arrangements
with physician customers, lower thresholds for violations and increased potential penalties for violations. Federal funding available
for combating health care fraud and abuse generally has increased. While we seek to conduct our business in compliance with all applicable
laws and regulations, many of the laws and regulations applicable to our business, particularly those relating to billing and reimbursement
of services and those relating to relationships with physicians, hospitals and patients, contain language that has not been interpreted
by courts. We must rely on our interpretation of these laws and regulations based on the advice of our counsel and regulatory or law
enforcement authorities may not agree with our interpretation of these laws and regulations and may seek to enforce legal remedies or
penalties against us for violations. 

From
time to time we may need to change our operations, particularly pricing or billing practices, in response to changing interpretations
of these laws and regulations, or regulatory or judicial determinations with respect to these laws and regulations. These occurrences,
regardless of their outcome, could damage our reputation and harm important business relationships that we have with healthcare providers,
payers and others. Furthermore, if a regulatory or judicial authority finds that we have not complied with applicable laws and regulations,
we would be required to refund amounts that were billed and collected in violation of such laws and regulations. In addition, we may
voluntarily refund amounts that were alleged to have been billed and collected in violation of applicable laws and regulations. In either
case, we could suffer civil and criminal damages, fines and penalties, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs
and the loss of licenses, certificates and authorizations necessary to operate our business, as well as incur liabilities from third-party
claims, all of which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

Moreover,
regardless of the outcome, if we or physicians or other third parties with whom we do business are investigated by a regulatory or law
enforcement authority we could incur substantial costs, including legal fees, and our management may be required to divert a substantial
amount of time to an investigation. 

To
enhance compliance with applicable health care laws, and mitigate potential liability in the event of noncompliance, regulatory authorities,
such as the OIG, have recommended the adoption and implementation of a comprehensive health care compliance program that generally contains
the elements of an effective compliance and ethics program described in Section 8B2.1 of the United States Sentencing Commission Guidelines
Manual, and for many years the OIG has made available a model compliance program. In addition, certain states require that health care
providers that engage in substantial business under the state Medicaid program have a compliance program that generally adheres to the
standards set forth in the Model Compliance Program. Also, under the ACA, HHS will require suppliers, such as the Company, to adopt,
as a condition of Medicare participation, compliance programs that meet a core set of requirements. While we have adopted, or are in
the process of adopting, healthcare compliance and ethics programs that generally incorporate the OIG s recommendations, and training
our applicable employees in such compliance, having such a program can be no assurance that we will avoid any compliance issues. 

We
conduct our business in a heavily regulated industry and changes in regulations or violations of regulations could, directly or indirectly,
harm our operating results and financial condition. 

The
healthcare industry is highly regulated and there can be no assurance that the regulatory environment in which we operate will not change
significantly and adversely in the future. Areas of the regulatory environment that may affect our ability to conduct business include,
without limitation: 

federal and state laws
 applicable to billing and claims payment; 

federal and state laws
 relating to licensure; 

federal and state anti-kickback
 laws; 

federal and state false
 claims laws; 

federal and state self-referral
 and financial inducement laws, including the federal physician anti-self-referral law, or the Stark Law; 

coverage and reimbursement
 levels by Medicare and other governmental payors and private insurers; 

HIPAA, along with the revisions
 to HIPAA as a result of the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), and analogous
 state laws; 

federal and state regulation
 of privacy, security, electronic transactions and identity theft; 

federal, state and local
 laws governing the handling, transportation and disposal of medical and hazardous waste; 

Occupational Safety and
 Health Administration rules and regulations; 

changes to laws, regulations
 and rules as a result of the ACA; and 

changes to other federal,
 state and local laws, regulations and rules, including tax laws. 

15 

These
laws and regulations are extremely complex and in many instances, there are no significant regulatory or judicial interpretations of
these laws and regulations. Any determination that we have violated these laws or regulations, or the public announcement that we are
being investigated for possible violations of these laws or regulations, could harm our operating results and financial condition. In
addition, a significant change in any of these laws or regulations may require us to change our business model in order to maintain compliance
with these laws or regulations, which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

Failure
to comply with complex federal and state laws and regulations related to submission of claims for services can result in significant
monetary damages and penalties and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. 

We
are subject to extensive federal and state laws and regulations relating to the submission of claims for payment for services, including
those that relate to coverage of our services under Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental health care programs, the amounts that
may be billed for our services and to whom claims for services may be submitted. 

Our
failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in our inability to receive payment for our services or result in
attempts by third-party payers, such as Medicare and Medicaid, to recover payments from us that have already been made. Submission of
claims in violation of certain statutory or regulatory requirements can result in penalties, including substantial civil money penalties
for each item or service billed to Medicare in violation of the legal requirement, and exclusion from participation in Medicare and Medicaid.
Government authorities may also assert that violations of laws and regulations related to submission or causing the submission of claims
violate the federal False Claims Act FCA or other laws related to fraud and abuse, including submission of claims for
services that were not medically necessary. Violations of the FCA could result in enormous economic liability. The FCA provides that
all damages are trebled. For example, we could be subject to FCA liability if it was determined that the services we provided were not
medically necessary and not reimbursable, particularly if it were asserted that we contributed to the physician s referrals of
unnecessary services to us. It is also possible that the government could attempt to hold us liable under fraud and abuse laws for improper
claims submitted by an entity for services that we performed if we were found to have knowingly participated in the arrangement that
resulted in submission of the improper claims. 

Our
facilities are subject to potential claims for professional liability, including existing or potential claims based on the acts or omissions
of third parties, which claims may not be covered by insurance. 

Our
facilities are subject to potential claims for professional liability (medical malpractice) in connection with their operations, as well
as potentially acquired or discontinued operations. To cover such claims, professional malpractice liability insurance and general liability
insurance are maintained in amounts believed to be sufficient for operations, although some claims may exceed the scope or amount of
the coverage in effect. The assertion of a significant number of claims, either within a self-insured retention (deductible) or individually
or in the aggregate in excess of available insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
condition. Premiums for professional liability insurance have historically been volatile and we cannot assure you that professional liability
insurance will continue to be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. The operations of hospitals also depend on the professional
services of physicians and other trained healthcare providers and technicians in the conduct of their respective operations, including
independent laboratories and physicians rendering diagnostic and medical services. There can be no assurance that any legal action stemming
from the act or omission of a third party provider of healthcare services would not be brought against one of our hospitals, resulting
in significant legal expenses in order to defend against such legal action or to obtain a financial contribution from the third party
whose acts or omissions occasioned the legal action. 

Our
success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified healthcare professionals. A shortage of qualified healthcare professionals
could weaken our ability to deliver healthcare services. 

Our
operations are dependent on the efforts, ability and experience of healthcare professionals, such as physicians, nurses, therapists,
pharmacists and lab technicians. Each facility s success has been, and will continue to be, influenced by its ability to attract
and retain these skilled employees. A shortage of healthcare professionals, the loss of some or all of its key employees or the inability
to attract or retain sufficient numbers of qualified healthcare professionals could cause the operating performance of one or more of
our facilities to decline. 

16 

Our
operations are dependent on the local economies and the surrounding areas in which they operate and are concentrated in Tennessee. A
significant deterioration in those economies could cause a material adverse effect on our hospitals businesses. 

Each
rural facility operation is dependent upon the local economy where it is located. A significant deterioration in that economy would negatively
impact the demand for the facility s services, as well as the ability of patients and other payers to pay for service as rendered. 

Our
net revenues are particularly sensitive to regulatory and economic changes in Tennessee. Any change in the current demographic, economic,
competitive or regulatory conditions in the state could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Changes to the Medicaid program or other health care laws or regulations in Tennessee could also have an adverse effect. 

A
significant portion of our net revenues is dependent on Medicare and Medicaid payments and possible reductions in Medicare or Medicaid
payments or the implementation of other measures to reduce reimbursements may reduce our revenues. 

A
significant portion of our net revenues is derived from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, which are highly regulated and subject to
frequent and substantial changes. Previous legislative changes have resulted in, and future legislative changes may result in, limitations
on and reduced levels of payment and reimbursement for a substantial portion of hospital procedures and costs. 

Future
healthcare legislation or other changes in the administration or interpretation of governmental healthcare programs may have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

Failure
to timely or accurately bill for our services could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Billing
for medical services is extremely complicated and is subject to extensive and non-uniform rules and administrative requirements. Depending
on the billing arrangement and applicable law, we bill various payers, such as patients, insurance companies, Medicare, Medicaid, physicians,
hospitals and employer groups. Changes in laws and regulations could increase the complexity and cost of our billing process. Additionally,
auditing for compliance with applicable laws and regulations as well as internal compliance policies and procedures adds further cost
and complexity to the billing process. 

Missing, incomplete, or incorrect information adds
complexity to and slows the billing process, creates backlogs of unbilled services, and generally increases the aging of accounts receivable
and bad debt expense. Failure to timely or correctly bill may lead to our not being reimbursed for our services or an increase in the
aging of our accounts receivable, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Failure to comply with applicable
laws relating to billing or even having to pay back amounts incorrectly billed and collected could lead to various penalties, including:
(1) exclusion from participation in CMS and other government programs; (2) asset forfeitures; (3) civil and criminal fines and penalties;
and (4) the loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations necessary to operate our business, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows. 

There
have been times when our accounts receivable have increased at a greater rate than revenue growth and, therefore, have adversely affected
our cash flows from operations. We have taken steps to implement systems and processing changes intended to improve billing procedures
and related collection results. However, we cannot assure that our ongoing assessment of accounts receivable will not result in the need
for additional provisions. Such additional provisions, if implemented, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

17 

Increasing
health insurance premiums and co-payments or high deductible health plans may cause individuals to forgo health insurance and avoid medical
attention, either of which may reduce demand for our products and services. 

Health
insurance premiums, co-payments and deductibles have generally increased in recent years. These increases may cause individuals to forgo
health insurance, as well as medical attention. This behavior may reduce demand for services at our hospitals. 

Our
operations may be adversely impacted by the effects of extreme weather conditions, natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes,
hostilities or acts of terrorism and other criminal activities. 

Our
operations are always subject to adverse impacts resulting from extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, hostilities or acts of
terrorism or other criminal activities. Such events may result in a temporary decline in the number of patients who seek our services
or in our employees ability to perform their job duties. In addition, such events may temporarily interrupt our ability to provide
our services. The occurrence of any such event and/or a disruption of our operations as a result may adversely affect our results of
operations. 

Increased
competition, including price competition, could have a material adverse impact on our net revenues and profitability. 

We
operate in a business that is characterized by intense competition. Our major competitors include large national hospitals that possess
greater name recognition, larger customer bases, and significantly greater financial resources and employ substantially more personnel
than we do. Many of our competitors have long established relationships. Although our hospitals operate in communities where they are
currently the only general acute care hospital, they face substantial competition from other hospitals in their respective regions. Although
these competing hospitals may be many miles away, patients in these markets may travel to these competing hospitals as a result of local
physician referrals, managed care plan incentives or personal choices. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
with such entities in the future. 

The
healthcare business is intensely competitive both in terms of price and service. Pricing of services is often one of the most significant
factors used by patients, health care providers and third-party payers in selecting a provider. As a result of the healthcare industry
undergoing significant consolidation, larger providers are able to increase cost efficiencies. This consolidation results in greater
price competition. We may be unable to increase cost efficiencies sufficiently, if at all, and as a result, our net earnings and cash
flows could be negatively impacted by such price competition. We may also face competition from companies that do not comply with existing
laws or regulations or otherwise disregard compliance standards in the industry. Additionally, we may also face changes in fee schedules,
competitive bidding for services or other actions or pressures reducing payment schedules as a result of increased or additional competition.
Additional competition, including price competition, could have a material adverse impact on our net revenues and profitability. 

Continued
supply chain shortages could increase our costs of operations or adversely affect our results of operations. 

Shortages,
delays, increased costs, and governmental restrictions arising from the COVID-19 pandemic or arising out of increased demand as the pandemic
wanes have disrupted and may continue to disrupt the ability of our facilities to procure items used in their operations. A severe inability
to obtain such items or substantially increased costs for the items could have an adverse effect on our results of operations if we are
unable to pass such costs along to patients. 

Sustained
inflation could increase our costs of operations. 

The
healthcare industry is very labor intensive and salaries and benefits are subject to inflationary pressures, as are supply and other
costs. In particular, like others in the healthcare industry, we continue to experience a shortage of nurses and other clinical staff
and support personnel, which has been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. We are treating patients with COVID-19 in our facilities
and, in some areas, the increased demand for care is putting a strain on our resources and staff, which has required us to utilize higher-cost
temporary labor and pay premiums above standard compensation for essential workers. The length and extent of the disruptions caused by
the COVID-19 pandemic are currently unknown; however, we expect such disruptions to continue. This staffing shortage may require us to
further enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel or require us to hire
expensive temporary personnel. Furthermore, we are unable to predict whether recent inflationary spikes, which were initially thought
to be transitory and due to pandemic recovery related demand, labor shortages in selected markets, and supply chain issues, will continue
for an extended period of time. Substantially increased costs of personnel, goods, and services could have an adverse effect on our results
of operations if we are unable to pass such costs along to patients. The concentration of our patients in persons for whom the cost of
treatment is paid for under government programs could substantially limit our ability to pass through such costs. 

18 

Failure
to maintain the security of patient-related information or compliance with security requirements could damage the Company s reputation
with patients and cause it to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation. 

Pursuant
to HIPAA and certain similar state laws, we must comply with comprehensive privacy and security standards with respect to the use and
disclosure of protected health information. Under the HITECH amendments to HIPAA, HIPAA was expanded to require certain data breach notifications,
to extend certain HIPAA privacy and security standards directly to business associates, to heighten penalties for noncompliance and to
enhance enforcement efforts. If the Company does not comply with existing or new laws and regulations relating to protecting the privacy
and security of personal or health information, it could be subject to monetary fines, civil penalties or criminal sanctions. 

The
Company receives certain personal and financial information about its patients. In addition, the Company depends upon the secure transmission
of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. While we take reasonable and prudent
steps to protect this information, a compromise in the Company s security systems that results in patient personal information
being obtained by unauthorized persons or the Company s failure to comply with security requirements for financial transactions
could adversely affect the Company s reputation with its customers and others, as well as the Company s results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity. It could also result in litigation against the Company or the imposition of penalties. 

Failure
of the Company to comply with emerging electronic transmission standards could adversely affect our business. 

The
failure of our IT systems to keep pace with technological advances may significantly reduce our revenues or increase our expenses. Public
and private initiatives to create healthcare information technology HCIT standards and to mandate standardized clinical
coding systems for the electronic exchange of clinical information could require costly modifications to our existing HCIT systems. While
we do not expect HCIT standards to be adopted or implemented without adequate time to comply, if we fail to adopt or delay in implementing
HCIT standards, we could lose customers and business opportunities. 

Compliance
with the HIPAA security regulations and privacy regulations may increase the Company s costs. 

The
HIPAA privacy and security regulations, including the expanded requirements under HITECH, establish comprehensive federal standards with
respect to the use and disclosure of protected health information by health plans, healthcare providers and healthcare clearinghouses,
in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of protected health information. The regulations
establish a complex regulatory framework on a variety of subjects, including: 

the circumstances under
 which the use and disclosure of protected health information are permitted or required without a specific authorization by the patient,
 including but not limited to treatment purposes, activities to obtain payments for the Company s services, and its healthcare
 operations activities; 

a patient s rights
 to access, amend and receive an accounting of certain disclosures of protected health information; 

the content of notices
 of privacy practices for protected health information; 

administrative, technical
 and physical safeguards required of entities that use or receive protected health information; and 

the protection of computing
 systems maintaining Electronic Personal Health Information ePHI ). 

19 

The
Company has implemented policies and procedures related to compliance with the HIPAA privacy and security regulations, as required by
law. The privacy and security regulations establish a floor and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent. Therefore,
the Company is required to comply with both federal privacy and security regulations and varying state privacy and security laws. In
addition, for healthcare data transfers from other countries relating to citizens of those countries, the Company may also be required
to comply with the laws of those other countries. The federal privacy regulations restrict the Company s ability to use or disclose
patient identifiable data, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment, treatment or healthcare operations (as defined
by HIPAA), except for disclosures for various public policy purposes and other permitted purposes outlined in the privacy regulations.
HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, provides for significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of protected health information
in violation of the privacy and security regulations, including potential civil and criminal fines and penalties. Due to the enactment
of HITECH and an increase in the amount of monetary financial penalties, government enforcement has also increased. It is not possible
to predict what the extent of the impact on business will be, other than heightened scrutiny and emphasis on compliance. If the Company
does not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to protecting the privacy and security of health information it could
be subject to significant monetary fines, civil penalties or criminal sanctions. In addition, other federal and state laws that protect
the privacy and security of patient information may be subject to enforcement and interpretations by various governmental authorities
and courts resulting in complex compliance issues. For example, the Company could incur damages under state laws pursuant to an action
brought by a private party for the wrongful use or disclosure of confidential health information or other private personal information. 

Failure
in the Company s information technology systems or delays or failures in the development and implementation of updates or enhancements
to those systems could significantly delay billing and otherwise disrupt the Company s operations or patient relationships. 

The
Company s business and patient relationships depend, in part, on the continued performance of its information technology systems.
Despite network security measures and other precautions, the Company s information technology systems are potentially vulnerable
to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptions. Sustained system failures or interruption of the Company s
systems in one or more of its operations could disrupt the Company s ability to conduct its business. Breaches with respect to
protected health information could result in violations of HIPAA and analogous state laws, and risk the imposition of significant fines
and penalties. Failure of the Company s information technology systems could adversely affect the Company s business, profitability
and financial condition. 

Health
care reform and related programs (e.g. Health Insurance Exchanges), changes in government payment and reimbursement systems, or changes
in payer mix, including an increase in capitated reimbursement mechanisms and evolving delivery models, could have a material adverse
impact on the Company s net revenues, profitability and cash flow. 

Our
services are billed to private patients, Medicare, Medicaid, commercial clients, managed care organizations MCOs and
third-party insurance companies. Bills may be sent to different payers depending on the medical insurance benefits of a particular patient.
Increases in the percentage of services billed to government and managed care payers could have an adverse impact on the Company s
net revenues. 

A
portion of the third-party insurance fee-for-service revenues are collectible from patients in the form of deductibles, copayments and
coinsurance. As patient cost-sharing increases, collectability may be impacted. 

In
addition, Medicare and Medicaid and private insurers have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of health
care services. Measures to regulate health care delivery have resulted in reduced prices, added costs and decreased utilization as well
as increased complexity and new regulatory and administrative requirements. Changes to, or repeal of, the ACA, the health care reform
legislation passed in 2010, also may continue to affect coverage, reimbursement and utilization of services, as well as administrative
requirements, in ways that are currently unpredictable. 

The
Company expects efforts to impose reduced reimbursement, more stringent payment policies and utilization and cost controls by government
and other payers to continue. If the Company cannot offset additional reductions in the payments it receives for its services by reducing
costs, increasing the number of patients treated and/or introducing new procedures, it could have a material adverse impact on the Company s
net revenues, profitability and cash flows. 

As
an employer, health care reform legislation also contains numerous regulations that will require the Company to implement significant
process and record keeping changes to be in compliance. These changes increase the cost of providing healthcare coverage to employees
and their families. Given the limited release of regulations to guide compliance, as well as potential changes to or repeal of the ACA,
the exact impact to employers including the Company is uncertain. 

20 

Adverse
results in material litigation matters or governmental inquiries could have a material adverse effect upon the Company s business
and financial condition. 

The
Company may become subject in the ordinary course of business to material legal action related to, among other things, professional liability,
contracts and employee-related matters, as well as inquiries and requests for information from governmental agencies and bodies and Medicare
or Medicaid payors requesting comment and/or information on allegations of billing irregularities, billing and pricing arrangements,
privacy practices and other matters that are brought to their attention through billing audits or third parties. The healthcare industry
is subject to substantial Federal and state government regulation and audit. Legal actions could result in substantial monetary damages
as well as damage to the Company s reputation with customers, which could have a material adverse effect upon its business. 

As
a company with limited capital and human resources, we anticipate that more of management s time and attention will be diverted
from our business to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements than would be the case with a company that has well established controls
and procedures. This diversion of management s time and attention may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

In
the event we identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that we cannot
remediate in a timely manner, or if we are unable to receive a positive attestation from our independent registered public accounting
firm with respect to our internal control over financial reporting when we are required to do so, investors and others may lose confidence
in the reliability of our financial statements. If this occurs, the trading price of our common stock, if any, and ability to obtain
any necessary equity or debt financing could suffer. Presently, our auditors are not required to audit internal controls over financial
reporting. However, if in the future such a requirement arises, and in the event that our independent registered public accounting firm
is unable to rely on our internal control over financial reporting in connection with its audit of our financial statements, and in the
further event that it is unable to devise alternative procedures in order to satisfy itself as to the material accuracy of our financial
statements and related disclosures, we may be unable to file our periodic reports with the SEC. This would likely have an adverse effect
on the trading price of our common stock, if any, and our ability to secure any necessary additional financing, and could result in the
delisting of our common stock. In such event, the liquidity of our common stock would be severely limited and the market price of our
common stock would likely decline significantly. 

Failure
to achieve and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting may result in our not being able to accurately
report our financial results. As a result, current and potential shareholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which
would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Our
management has determined that as of December 31, 2022, we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting based
on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework as a result of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or
a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. If the
results of our remediation efforts regarding our material weaknesses are not successful, or if additional material weaknesses or significant
deficiencies are identified in our internal control over financial reporting, our management will be unable to report favorably as to
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and/or our disclosure controls and procedures, and we could be required
to further implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures and potentially lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness
of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price and potentially subject us to litigation. 

An
inability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel could adversely affect the Company s business. 

The
loss of key management personnel or the inability to attract and retain experienced and qualified employees by the Company could adversely
affect the business. The success of the Company is dependent in part on the efforts of key members of its management team. 

21 

Provisions
of Delaware law and our organizational documents may discourage takeovers and business combinations that our stockholders may consider
in their best interests, which could negatively affect our stock price. 

Provisions
of Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of
the Company or deterring tender offers for our common stock that other stockholders may consider in their best interests. 

Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more different series with terms
to be fixed by our Board of Directors. Stockholder approval is not necessary to issue preferred stock in this manner. Issuance of these
shares of preferred stock could have the effect of making it more difficult and more expensive for a person or group to acquire control
of us, and could effectively be used as an anti-takeover device. 

Our
bylaws provide for an advance notice procedure for stockholders to nominate director candidates for election or to bring business before
an annual meeting of stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors, and require that
special meetings of stockholders be called only by our chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president or the board pursuant
to a resolution adopted by a majority of the board. 

The
anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law and provisions in our organizational documents may prevent our stockholders from receiving the
benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a
takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are
viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 

As
a public company, we incur significant administrative workload and expenses. 

As a public company, we must comply with various laws,
regulations and requirements, including certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules implemented by the SEC.
Complying with these statutes, regulations and requirements, including our public company reporting requirements, continues to occupy
a significant amount of the time of our Board of Directors and management and involves significant accounting, legal and other expenses.
We may need to hire additional accounting personnel to handle these responsibilities, which will increase our operating costs. Furthermore,
these laws, regulations and requirements could make it more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance. The
impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of
Directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 

New
laws and regulations as well as changes to existing laws and regulations affecting public companies, including the provisions of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules adopted by the SEC, would likely result in increased costs to us as we respond to their requirements.
We are investing resources to comply with evolving laws and regulations, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative
expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 

We
have used our convertible preferred stock for the exchange/repayment of debt and to raise capital. Going forward, we may use our stock to pay, to a
large extent, for future acquisitions or we may continue to use our stock for the exchange/repayment of debt and to raise capital, which has been and
would continue to be dilutive to investors. 

In
the past we have used our convertible preferred stock for the exchange/repayment of debt and to raise capital, which as a result of the
conversions of the preferred stock into a variable number of shares of our common stock, has resulted in significant dilution of our
common stock. Going forward, we may choose to use additional preferred or common stock to pay, to a large extent, for future
acquisitions or for additional exchanges/repayments of debt and to raise capital, and believe that doing so will enable us to retain a
greater portion of our cash flows to fund operations and to obtain cash to fund our operations. Price fluctuations in our stock
might negatively impact our ability to effectively use our stock to pay for acquisitions, or could cause us to offer stock as
consideration for acquisitions on terms that are not favorable to us and our stockholders. If we issued shares of our convertible
preferred stock or our common stock in lieu of cash as consideration for acquisitions or in exchange/repayment of debt or to raise
capital under unfavorable circumstances, it may result in significant dilution to investors. 

22 

The
holders of our Series M Convertible Preferred Stock have, in the aggregate, votes equal to 51 of the Company s voting securities
and the holders of the Series M Convertible Preferred Stock have granted an irrevocable proxy to our Chief Executive Officer. 

During
2020, the Company issued its Series M Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series M Preferred Stock ). Regardless of the number
of shares of Series M Preferred Stock outstanding and so long as at least one share of Series M Preferred Stock is outstanding, the outstanding
shares of Series M Preferred Stock shall have the number of votes, in the aggregate, equal to 51 of all votes entitled to be voted at
any meeting of stockholders or action by written consent. This means that the holders of Series M Preferred Stock have sufficient votes,
by themselves, to approve or defeat any proposal voted on by the Company s stockholders, unless there is a supermajority required
under applicable law or by agreement. Holders of our common stock, therefore, will not have any control on issues submitted to a vote
of stockholders. 

Mr.
Diamantis, a former member of our Board of Directors, owns all of the outstanding Series M Preferred Stock. On August 13, 2020, he granted
an irrevocable proxy to vote the Series M Preferred Stock to Seamus Lagan, the Chief Executive Officer, President and Interim Chief Financial
Officer of the Company. As a result, Mr. Lagan controls a majority of the voting securities of the Company. 

We
do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and certain of our financing agreements, while outstanding, prohibit us
from declaring or paying cash dividends without approval, which may not be granted. In addition, we anticipate that we will retain our
earnings, if any, for future growth and therefore do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The terms of
certain series of our Preferred Stock also preclude the payment of cash dividends on our common stock unless dividends are paid on such
Preferred Stock. Accordingly, our stockholders will not realize a return on their investment unless the trading price of our common stock
appreciates, which is uncertain and unpredictable. 

Our
common stock is subject to substantial dilution by exercises of warrants and conversions or exercises of other securities into common
stock. 

The
Company has outstanding warrants, stock options, convertible preferred stock and convertible debentures. Exercise of the warrants and
stock options and conversions of the convertible preferred stock and debentures could result in substantial dilution of our common stock
and a decline in its market price. In addition, the terms of certain of the warrants, convertible preferred stock and convertible debentures
issued by us provide for reductions in the per share exercise prices of the warrants and the per share conversion prices of the debentures
and preferred stock (if applicable and subject to a floor in certain cases), in the event that we issue common stock or common stock
equivalents (as that term is defined in the agreements) at an effective exercise/conversion price that is less than the then exercise/conversion
prices of the outstanding warrants, preferred stock or debentures, as the case may be. These provisions, as well as the issuances of
debentures and preferred stock with conversion prices that vary based upon the price of our common stock on the date of conversion, have
resulted in significant dilution of our common stock and have given rise to reverse splits of our common stock. 

The
following table presents the dilutive effect of our various potential shares of common stock as of December 31, 2022: 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Shares of common stock outstanding 
 29,084,322,257 
 
 Dilutive potential shares: 

Common stock warrants 
 511,333,351,090 
 
 Convertible preferred stock 
 452,995,411,111 
 
 Convertible debentures 
 28,777,833,333 
 
 Stock options 
 26 
 
 Total potentially dilutive shares
 of common stock, including outstanding common stock 
 1,022,190,917,817 

Continued
conversions and exercises of the Company s outstanding securities into common stock may further depress the market price of
our common stock and cause corresponding decreases to the exercise and conversion prices of many of the Company s
convertible securities due to their anti-dilution provisions. As of March 30, 2023, the total potentially dilutive shares
of common stock, including outstanding common stock, was 1.0 trillion. 

23 

The
sale of a substantial amount of our common stock, including resale of the shares of common stock issuable upon the conversions of preferred
stock and convertible debentures and the exercise of the outstanding warrants in the public market could adversely affect the prevailing
market price of our common stock. 

Sales
of substantial amounts of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could adversely
affect the market price of our common stock, and the market value of our other securities. 

In
the future, we may issue additional shares of common stock or other equity or debt securities convertible into common stock in connection
with a financing, acquisition, litigation settlement, employee arrangement, or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial
dilution to our existing stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item 2. 
 Properties 

The
table below summarizes certain information as to our principal facilities: 

Location 
 
 Purpose 
 
 Type
 of Occupancy 
 
 Oneida, Tennessee 
 
 Acute Care Hospital/Medical Office Building 
 
 Owned 
 
 Jamestown, Tennessee 
 
 Acute Care Hospital 
 
 Owned 
 
 Williamsburg Kentucky 
 
 Rural clinic 
 
 Leased through June 2023 
 
 West Palm Beach, Florida 
 
 Corporate office 
 
 Leased through October 2025 

We
believe that each of our facilities is adequately equipped for its currently foreseeable level of operations. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, the Company may be involved in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations and proceedings related to contractual disputes,
employment matters, regulatory and compliance matters, intellectual property rights and other litigation arising in the ordinary course
of business. The Company operates in a highly regulated industry which may inherently lend itself to legal matters. Management is aware
that litigation has associated costs and that results of adverse litigation verdicts could have a material effect on the Company s
financial position or results of operations. The Company s policy is to expense legal fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the legal proceedings in the period in which the expense is incurred. Management, in consultation with legal counsel, has addressed
known assertions and predicted unasserted claims below. 

Biohealth
Medical Laboratory, Inc. and PB Laboratories, LLC (the Companies filed suit against CIGNA Health in 2015 alleging that
CIGNA failed to pay claims for laboratory services the Companies provided to patients pursuant to CIGNA - issued and CIGNA - administered
plans. In 2016, the U.S. District Court dismissed part of the Companies claims for lack of standing. The Companies appealed that
decision to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, which in late 2017 reversed the District Court s decision and found that the
Companies have standing to raise claims arising out of traditional insurance plans as well as self-funded plans. In July 2019, the Companies
and EPIC filed suit against CIGNA Health for failure to pay claims for laboratory services provided. Cigna Health, in turn, sued for
alleged improper billing practices. The suit remains ongoing but because the Company did not have the financial resources to see the
legal action to conclusion it assigned the benefit, if any, from the suit to Mr. Diamantis for his financial support to the Company and
assumption of all costs to carry the case to conclusion. 

24 

On
September 27, 2016, a tax warrant was issued against the Company by the Florida Department of Revenue (the DOR for unpaid
2014 state income taxes in the approximate amount of 0.9 million, including penalties and interest. The Company entered into a Stipulation
Agreement with the DOR allowing the Company to make monthly installments until July 2019. The Company has made payments to reduce the
amount owed. The balance accrued of approximately 0.4 million remained outstanding to the DOR at December 31, 2022. 

On
December 7, 2016, the holders of the Tegal Notes (see Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements) filed suit against
the Company seeking payment for the amounts due under the notes in the aggregate principal balance of 341,612, and accrued interest
of 43,000. A request for entry of default judgment was filed on January 24, 2017. On April 23, 2018, the holders of the Tegal Notes
received a judgment against the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has repaid 50,055 of the principal amount of these notes. 

The
Company, as well as many of its subsidiaries, were defendants in a case filed in Broward County Circuit Court by TCA Global Credit Master
Fund, L.P. The plaintiff alleged a breach by Medytox Solutions, Inc. of its obligations under a debenture and claimed damages of approximately
 2,030,000 plus interest, costs and fees. The Company and the other subsidiaries were sued as alleged guarantors of the debenture. The
complaint was filed on August 1, 2018. In May 2020, the SEC appointed a Receiver to close down the TCA Global Credit Master Fund, L.P.
The Company and the Receiver entered into a settlement agreement dated effective as of September 30, 2021, under which the Company agreed
to pay 500,000 as full and final settlement of principal and interest, of which 200,000 was paid on November 4, 2021 and the remaining
 300,000 was due in six consecutive monthly installments of 50,000. Accordingly, the settlement amount was fully paid as of December
31, 2022 (see Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). As a result of the settlement, the Company recorded a gain
from legal settlement of 2.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

On
September 13, 2018, Laboratory Corporation of America sued EPIC, a subsidiary of the Company, in Palm Beach County Circuit Court for
amounts claimed to be owed. The court awarded a judgment against EPIC in May 2019 for approximately 155,000. The Company has recorded
the amount owed as a liability as of December 31, 2022. 

25 

In
February 2020, Anthony O Killough sued the Company and Mr. Diamantis, as guarantor, in New York State Supreme Court for the
County of New York, for approximately 2.0 million relating to the promissory note issued by the Company in September 2019. In May
2020, the Company, Mr. Diamantis, as guarantor, and Mr. O Killough entered into a Stipulation providing for a payment of a
total of 2.2 million (which included accrued penalty interest as of that date) in installments through November 1,
2020. The Company made payments totaling 450,000 in 2020. On January 18, 2022, Mr. Diamantis paid 750,000 and the remaining
balance was due 120 days thereafter. Mr. O Killough agreed to forebear from any further enforcement action until then. On
various dates during the remainder of 2022, Mr. Diamantis made additional payments to Mr. O Killough totaling 300,000 and the
Company gave Mr. Diamantis 350,000 for further payment to Mr. O Killough. As a result of these payments, the past due balance
owed to Mr. O Killough, was 1.1 million on December 31, 2022. The Company is obligated to repay Mr. Diamantis for any
payments, plus interest, that he made to Mr. O Killough. On January 27, 2023, the parties entered into a final settlement
wherein the Company and Mr. Diamantis agreed to settle the obligation in full for 580,000. The promissory note, forbearance
agreement and final settlement are also discussed in Notes 8, 14 and 18 to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. 

In
June 2019, CHSPSC, the former owners of Jamestown Regional Medical Center, obtained a judgment against the Company in the amount of
 592,650. The Company has recorded this judgment as a liability as of December 31, 2022. However, management believes that a number
of insurance payments were made to CHSPSC for services provided after the change of ownership and believes that these payments will offset portions of the judgment. 

In
August 2019, Morrison Management Specialists, Inc. obtained a judgment against Jamestown Regional Medical Center and the Company in Fentress
County, Tennessee in the amount of 194,455 in connection with housekeeping and dietary services. The Company has recorded this liability
as of December 31, 2022. 

In
November 2019, Newstat, PLLC obtained a judgment against Big South Fork Medical Center in Knox County, Tennessee in the amount of
 190,600 in connection with the provision of medical services. On February 15, 2023, the Company and Newstat agreed to settle the
amount owed for 210,000 in four equal monthly payments of 52,500 beginning February 2023. The Company has made the payments under
the settlement agreement to date. The Company has recorded the 210,000 as a liability as of December 31, 2022. 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the Tennessee Bureau of Workers Compensation. Per the terms
of the settlement agreement, the Company is obligated to pay a total of 109,739, payable in a lump sum payment of 32,922 on or before
August 15, 2021 and in 24 consecutive monthly payments of 3,201 each on or before the 15 th day of each month beginning September
15, 2021. The Company made the required payments due as of December 31, 2022 and has recorded the remaining amounts owed as a liability
as of December 31, 2022. 

In
July 2021, WG Fund, Queen Funding and Diesel Funding filed legal actions in New York State Supreme Court for Kings County to recover
amounts claimed to be outstanding on accounts receivable sales agreements entered into in 2020. On September 14, 2021, the Company entered
into separate stipulation of settlement agreements with the three funding parties under which the Company agreed to repay an aggregate
of 0.9 million in equal monthly payments totaling 52,941 through January 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the settlement amounts were
paid in full. 

26 

A
sealed qui tam lawsuit in the US District Court for the Southern District of Florida against the Company was filed in July
2021. This lawsuit was unsealed in November 2022 and Clifford Barron disclosed as the Plaintiff-Relator asserting violations of the
False Claims Act. Clifford Barron was an employee of CollabRx, Inc. (a San Francisco based, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company)
until early 2018. Following his resignation on January 17, 2018, Clifford Barron sought and received a judgment against the Company
for approximately 253,000 he claimed was owed to him by the CollabRx subsidiary for severance and payment of COBRA. On receiving
the judgment, he collected all monies owed to him under this judgment, including from the Company s rural healthcare
operations in Tennessee with which he was not involved. Payments included approximately 164,000 secured from hospital operating and
other bank accounts by garnishments initiated by Jonathan Swann Taylor of Taylor Knight, GP, Knoxville Tennessee, on behalf of
Clifford Barron in May 2022. Clifford Barron has not been an employee of any subsidiary of the Company since January 2018, is not
involved with the Company and has no knowledge of the Company s operations, financial status, or controls. On November 21,
2022, the Company was advised that the U.S. Department of Justice has intervened in the action filed by the Plaintiff-Relator,
Clifford Barron and has requested repayment of HHS Provider Relief Funds that certain subsidiaries of the Company obtained and other
relief. The Company has retained the services of a specialist third-party accounting firm to complete a forensic review of the
expenditure of all monies expended since the receipt of HHS Provider Relief Funds. It has been discovered that certain filing
requirements of the Company s operating subsidiaries were incomplete or contained errors that did not accurately reflect the
expenditure of HHS Provider Relief Funds received. The Company disputes the allegations made and believes that the forensic review
of funds expended will address the lawsuit and demonstrate adherence with the applicable rules for use of HHS Provider Relief Funds.
Accordingly, no amount has been accrued for this potential liability at December 31, 2022. There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to retain all HHS Provider Relief Funds it has received nor avoid payment of other relief sought by the Department of
Justice. Any requirement to repay a significant amount of HHS Provider Relief Funds could have a material adverse effect on the
Company. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

 PART
II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s
 Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Since
October 25, 2017, our common stock has been traded on the OTC Pink under the symbol RNVA . The following table sets
forth the high and low closing sales prices per share of our common stock as reported for the periods indicated, as adjusted to
reflect all applicable reverse stock splits. Such quotations represent inter-dealer prices without retail markup, markdown or
commissions and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. On March 30, 2023, the closing price for our common stock as
reported on the OTC Pink was 0.0001 per share. 

Quarter Ended, 
 High 
 Low 
 
 March 31, 2021 
 380,000.00 
 40,800.00 
 
 June 30, 2021 
 60,000.00 
 4,000.00 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 8,000.00 
 2.00 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 9.00 
 0.50 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 1.00 
 0.01 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.0386 
 0.0001 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.0002 
 0.0001 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 0.0002 
 0.0001 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were two stockholders of record of our common stock, which excludes stockholders whose shares were held in
nominee or street name by brokers. 

Voting
Agreement 

Mr.
Diamantis, a former member of our Board of Directors, is the holder of our Series M Preferred Stock. On August 13, 2020, Mr. Diamantis
entered into a Voting Agreement and Irrevocable Proxy (the Voting Agreement with the Company, Seamus Lagan and Alcimede
LLC (of which Mr. Lagan, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, is the sole manager) pursuant to which Mr. Diamantis granted an
irrevocable proxy to Mr. Lagan to vote the Series M Preferred Stock held by Mr. Diamantis. Mr. Diamantis has retained all other rights
under the Series M Preferred Stock. Regardless of the number of shares of Series M Preferred Stock outstanding and so long as at least
one share of Series M Preferred Stock is outstanding, the outstanding shares of Series M Preferred Stock shall have the number of votes,
in the aggregate, equal to 51 of all votes entitled to be voted at any meeting of stockholders or action by written consent. This means
that the holders of Series M Preferred Stock have sufficient votes, by themselves, to approve or defeat any proposal voted on by the
Company s stockholders, unless there is a supermajority required under applicable law or by agreement. 

27 

Dividend
Policy 

Holders
of the Company s common stock are entitled to dividends when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally
available therefor. The holders of the Rennova Series H Convertible Preferred Stock receive
dividends at the same time any dividend is paid on shares of common stock in an amount equal to the amount such holder would have received
if such shares of preferred stock were converted into common stock. Except for stock dividends, the holder of Rennova s Series
L Convertible Preferred Stock is not entitled to receive dividends on its shares. For each of Rennova s Series M Preferred Stock,
Series N Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, Series O Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock and Series P Convertible Redeemable
Preferred Stock, dividends at the rate per annum of 10 of the stated value per share accrue on each outstanding share from and after
the date of the original issuance of such share. Such accruing dividends accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and are cumulative
and non-compounding, provided, however, that such accruing dividends are payable only when, as and if declared by the Company s
Board of Directors. No cash dividends may be paid on the common stock unless these accruing dividends are paid. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, nor do we anticipate any cash dividends on our common stock in the
foreseeable future. Certain of our financing agreements prohibit the payment of cash dividends. 

The
Company intends to retain earnings, if any, to finance the development and expansion of its business. Future dividend policy will be
subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be contingent upon future earnings, if any, the Company s financial
condition, capital requirements, general business conditions, restrictions under the Company s financing agreements and other factors.
Therefore, there can be no assurance that any dividends of any kind will ever be paid on the Company s common stock. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
Company s 2007 Equity Participation Plan 2007 Equity Plan ), as amended, became available upon the completion of
the Merger and terminated in September 2017. Grants made prior to the date of termination will remain outstanding until exercised, forfeited
or expired pursuant to the terms of each grant. 

The
following table provides information regarding the status of our existing equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (b) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 (c) Number of shares remaining available for future issuances under equity compensation plans (excluding shares reflected in column (a)) 

Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 26 
 2,992,125 

Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 

n/a 

Total 
 26 
 2,992,125 

n/a
- not applicable. 

(1)
See Note 12 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information about weighted average exercise prices. 

28 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Such statements consist of any statement other than a recitation of historical
fact and can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as may, expect, anticipate, 
 intend or estimate or the negative thereof or other variations thereof or comparable terminology. The reader
is cautioned that all forward-looking statements are speculative, and there are certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
events or results to differ from those referred to in such forward-looking statements (see Item 1A, Risk Factors ). 

Overview 

Rennova
Health, Inc. is the result of a merger between two public companies, Medytox Solutions, Inc. and CollabRx, Inc., in November 2015. Medytox
Solutions, Inc. Medytox was organized on July 20, 2005 under the laws of the State of Nevada. On November 2, 2015, pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 15, 2015, by and among CollabRx, Inc. CollabRx ), CollabRx
Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub ), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of CollabRx formed for the purpose of the merger, and Medytox,
Merger Sub merged with and into Medytox, with Medytox as the surviving company and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of CollabRx (the
 Merger ). Prior to closing, the Company amended its certificate of incorporation to change its name to Rennova Health, Inc.
This transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America U.S. GAAP and, as such, the historical financial statements of Medytox became the historical financial statements
of the Company. 

Our
Services 

We
are a provider of health care services for our patients. We own one operating hospital in Oneida, Tennessee, a hospital located in Jamestown,
Tennessee that we plan to reopen and operate and a rural clinic in Kentucky. The Company s operations consist of only one segment. 

Operations 

Scott
County Community Hospital (d/b/a Big South Fork Medical Center) 

On
January 13, 2017, we acquired certain assets related to Scott County Community Hospital, based in Oneida, Tennessee (the Oneida
Assets ). The Oneida Assets include a 52,000-square foot hospital building and 6,300 square foot professional building on approximately
4.3 acres. Scott County Community Hospital has 25 beds, a 24/7 emergency department and a laboratory that provides a range of diagnostic
services. Scott County Community Hospital closed in July 2016 in connection with the bankruptcy filing of its parent company, Pioneer
Health Services, Inc. We acquired the Oneida Assets out of bankruptcy for a purchase price of 1.0 million. The hospital, which has since
been renamed Big South Fork Medical Center, became operational on August 8, 2017. The hospital became certified as a Critical Access
Hospital (rural) hospital in December 2021, retroactive to June 30, 2021. 

Jamestown
Regional Medical Center 

On
June 1, 2018, we acquired from Community Health Systems, Inc. certain assets related to an acute care hospital located in Jamestown,
Tennessee, referred to as Jamestown Regional Medical Center, for a purchase price of 0.7 million. The hospital is an 85-bed facility
of approximately 90,000 square feet on over eight acres of land, which offered a 24-hour emergency department with two trauma bays and
seven private exam rooms, inpatient and outpatient medical services and a progressive care unit which provided telemetry services. The
acquisition also included a separate physician practice known as Mountain View Physician Practice, Inc. 

The
Company suspended operations at the hospital and physician practice in June 2019, as a result of the termination of the hospital s
Medicare agreement and other factors. The Company is evaluating whether to reopen the facility as an acute care hospital or as another
type of healthcare facility. Jamestown is located 38 miles west of Big South Fork Medical Center. 

29 

Jellico
Medical Center and CarePlus Clinic 

On
March 5, 2019, we acquired certain assets related to a 54-bed acute care hospital that offered comprehensive services located in Jellico,
Tennessee known as Jellico Community Hospital and an outpatient clinic located in Williamsburg, Kentucky. The hospital and the clinic
and their associated assets were acquired from Jellico Community Hospital, Inc. and CarePlus Rural Health Clinic, LLC, respectively.
On March 1, 2021, the Company closed Jellico Community Hospital, after the City of Jellico issued a 30-day termination notice for the
lease of the building. 

The
CarePlus Clinic offers compassionate care in a modern, patient-friendly facility. The CarePlus Clinic is located 32 miles northwest of
our Big South Fork Medical Center. 

Discontinued
Operations 

On
June 25, 2021, the Company sold the shares of stock of Health Technology Solutions, Inc. HTS and Advanced Molecular
Services Group, Inc. AMSG to InnovaQor, Inc. InnovaQor ). HTS and AMSG held Rennova s software
and genetic testing interpretation divisions. In consideration for the shares of HTS and AMSG and the elimination of intercompany
debt among the Company and HTS and AMSG, InnovaQor issued the Company 14,950 shares of its Series B-1 Non-Voting Convertible
Preferred Stock (the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock ). The terms of the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock are
more fully described in Note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As a result of the sale, the Company recorded
the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock as a long-term asset valued at 9.1 million and a gain on the sale of HTS and AMSG of 11.3
million during 2021. Approximately 9.1 million of the gain resulted from the value of the 14,950 shares of the InnovaQor Series B-1
Preferred Stock received and 2.2 million resulted from the transfer to InnovaQor of the net liabilities of HTS and AMSG. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, 100 shares of InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock valued at 60,714 were used to settle accrued interest
that was due under the terms of notes payable that were issued on January 31, 2021 and February 16, 2021, leaving a balance of the InnovaQor
Series B-1 Preferred Stock of 9.0 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

We
have reflected the financial results of HTS and AMSG prior to the sale as discontinued operations in our accompanying consolidated financial
statements. 

During
the third quarter of 2020, we announced that we had decided to sell EPIC Reference Labs, Inc. EPIC and as a result,
EPIC s operations have been included in discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We were
unable to find a buyer for EPIC and, therefore, have ceased all efforts to sell EPIC and closed down its operations. 

Outlook 

We
currently operate one hospital and a rural health clinic and we own another hospital and physician practice at which operations are currently
suspended. Owning a number of facilities in the same geographic location will create numerous efficiencies in management, purchasing
and staffing and will enable the provision of additional, specialized and more valuable services that are needed by rural communities
but cannot be sustained by a standalone facility. We remain confident that this is a sustainable model we can continue to grow through
acquisition and development. 

30 

Impact
of the Pandemic 

The
COVID-19 pandemic was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020. We continue to closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our operations and we have taken steps intended to minimize the risk to our employees and patients.
These steps have increased our costs and our revenues have been significantly adversely affected. As noted in Notes 1, 7 and 8 to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements, we have received Paycheck Protection Program loans PPP Notes as well
as Department of Health and Human Services HHS Provider Relief Funds and employee retention credits from the federal
government. If the COVID-19 pandemic continues for a further extended period, we expect to incur significant losses and additional financial
assistance may be required. Going forward, we are unable to determine the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to affect
our business. Our ability to make estimates of the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on net revenues, expenses or changes in accounting
judgments that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial statements is currently limited. The nature
and effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our balance sheet and results of operations will depend on the severity and length of the pandemic
in our service areas; government activities to mitigate the pandemic s effect; regulatory changes in response to the pandemic,
especially those affecting rural hospitals; existing and potential government assistance that may be provided; and the requirements of
Provider Relief Fund receipts, including our ability to retain such funds as have been received. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic and the steps taken by governments to seek to reduce its spread have severely impacted the economy and the health care
industry in particular. Hospitals have especially been affected. Small rural hospitals, such as ours, may be overwhelmed by patients
if conditions worsen in their local areas. Staffing costs, and concerns due to the potential exposure to infections, may increase, as
may the costs of needed medical supplies necessary to keep the hospitals open. Doctors and patients may defer elective procedures and
other health care services. Travel bans, social distancing and quarantines may limit access to our facilities. Business closings and
layoffs in our local areas may result in the loss of insurance and adversely affect demand for our services, as well as the ability of
patients and other payers to pay for services as rendered. 

These
developments have had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on us and the operations of our hospitals. 

Recent
Developments-Formation of Behavioral Health Services Subsidiary 

In the second quarter of 2022, we formed a subsidiary,
Myrtle Recovery Centers, Inc., to pursue opportunities in the behavioral sector initially in our core, rural markets. We intend to focus
on leveraging our existing physical locations and corporate and regional infrastructure to offer behavioral services including, but not
limited to, substance abuse treatment. Services will be provided on either an inpatient, residential basis or an outpatient basis. The
Company is finalizing its plans for these initiatives, which are subject to many factors, including licensure and the hiring of clinical
and operational staff. The Company intends to initially offer substance abuse services at its Big South Fork Medical Center campus. The
Company expects the facility to be open and operating in the second quarter of 2023 although there is no assurance that the Company will
proceed with its plans. 

Results
of Operations 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ).
The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make a number of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Such estimates
and assumptions affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We base our estimates on historical
experiences and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially
from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We continue to monitor significant estimates made during the preparation
of our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates and assumptions based upon historical experience and various
other factors and circumstances. 

We
have identified the policies and significant estimation processes discussed below as critical to our business and to the understanding
of our results of operations. For a detailed application of these and other accounting policies, see Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

31 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue in accordance with Accounting Standard Update ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606), including subsequently issued updates. Under the accounting guidance, we no longer present the provision for
doubtful accounts as a separate line item and our revenues are presented net of estimated contractual allowances. We also do not present
 allowances for doubtful accounts on our balance sheets. 

Our
revenues relate to contracts with patients in which our performance obligations are to provide health care services to the patients.
Revenues are recorded during the period that our obligations to provide health care services are satisfied. Our performance
obligations for inpatient services are generally satisfied over periods averaging approximately three days, and revenues are
recognized based on charges incurred. Our performance obligations for outpatient services, including emergency room-related
services, are generally satisfied over a period of less than one day. The contractual relationships with patients, in most cases,
also involve a third-party payer (Medicare, Medicaid, managed care health plans and commercial insurance companies, including plans
offered through the health insurance exchanges) and the transaction prices for the services provided are dependent upon the terms
provided by (Medicare and Medicaid) or negotiated with (managed care health plans and commercial insurance companies) the
third-party payers. The payment arrangements with third-party payers for the services we provide to the related patients typically
specify payments at amounts less than our standard charges. Medicare, because of the Big South Fork Medical Center s
designation as a Critical Access Hospital, generally pays for inpatient and outpatient services at rates related to the
hospital s costs. Services provided to patients having Medicaid coverage are generally paid at prospectively determined rates
per discharge, per identified service or per covered member. Agreements with commercial insurance carriers, managed care and
preferred provider organizations generally provide for payments based upon predetermined rates per diagnosis, per diem rates or
discounted fee-for-service rates. Management continually reviews the contractual estimation process to consider and incorporate
updates to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations
and renewals. Our net revenues are based upon the estimated amounts we expect to be entitled to receive from patients and
third-party payers. Estimates of contractual allowances under managed care and commercial insurance plans are based upon the payment
terms specified in the related contractual agreements. Revenues related to uninsured patients and uninsured copayment and deductible
amounts for patients who have health care coverage may have discounts applied (uninsured discounts and contractual discounts). We
also record estimated implicit price concessions (based primarily on historical collection experience) related to uninsured accounts
to record self-pay revenues at the estimated amounts we expect to collect. 

Laws
and regulations governing the Medicare and Medicaid programs are complex and subject to interpretation. Estimated reimbursement amounts
are adjusted in subsequent periods as cost reports are prepared and filed and as final settlements are determined (in relation to certain
government programs, primarily Medicare, this is generally referred to as the cost report filing and settlement process).
During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company s Big South Fork Medical Center received a communication that its final Medicare
cost report for the six months ending December 31, 2021 was accepted and that it reflected a retroactive adjustment of 1.6 million as
a result of an overpayment. Accordingly, we have reflected the 1.6 million cost report adjustment as a liability at December 31, 2022.
Furthermore, the Company recognized an additional 0.5 million as a liability (net of recoupments) at December 31, 2022 based on further
correspondence with its fiscal intermediary and likely overpayments by Medicare for fiscal 2022. 

The
collection of outstanding receivables for Medicare, Medicaid, managed care payers, other third-party payers and patients is our primary
source of operating cash and is critical to our operating performance. The primary collection risks relate to uninsured patient accounts,
including patient accounts for which the primary insurance carrier has paid the amounts covered by the applicable agreement, but patient
responsibility amounts (deductibles and copayments) remain outstanding. Implicit price concessions relate primarily to amounts due directly
from patients. Estimated implicit price concessions are recorded for all uninsured accounts, regardless of the aging of those accounts.
Accounts are written off when all reasonable internal and external collection efforts have been performed. The estimates for implicit
price concessions are based upon management s assessment of historical write offs and expected net collections, business and economic
conditions, trends in federal, state and private employer health care coverage and other collection indicators. Management relies on
the results of detailed reviews of historical write-offs and collections at facilities that represent a majority of our revenues and
accounts receivable (the hindsight analysis as a primary source of information in estimating the collectability of our
accounts receivable. 

32 

Contractual
Allowances and Doubtful Accounts Policy 

Accounts
receivable are reported at realizable value, net of estimated contractual allowances and estimated implicit price concessions (also referred
to as doubtful accounts), which are estimated and recorded in the period the related revenue is recorded. The Company has a standardized
approach to estimating and reviewing the collectability of its receivables based on a number of factors, including the period they have
been outstanding. Historical collection and payer reimbursement experience is an integral part of the estimation process related to contractual
allowances and doubtful accounts. In addition, the Company regularly assesses the state of its billing operations in order to identify
issues which may impact the receivables or reserve estimates. Receivables deemed to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance
for doubtful accounts at the time such receivables are written-off. Recoveries of receivables previously written-off are recorded as
credits to the allowance for doubtful accounts. Revisions to the allowances for doubtful accounts are recorded as an adjustment to revenues. 

Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets 

We
account for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets according to the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant and Equipment ASC 360 ). ASC 360
clarifies the accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets and for long-lived assets to be disposed of, including the disposal
of business segments and major lines of business. Long-lived assets are reviewed when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of the asset may not be recoverable. When necessary, impaired assets are written down to estimated fair value based on the best
information available. Estimated fair value is generally based on either appraised value or measured by discounting estimated future
cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate discounted future cash flows. Accordingly, actual results could
vary significantly from such estimates. 

Fair
Value Measurements 

In
accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , the Company applies fair value accounting for
all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial
statements on a recurring basis. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements
for assets and liabilities which are required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous
market in which it would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability, such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair value is estimated
by applying the following hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization
within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement: 

Level 1 applies to assets
 or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to
 access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 applies to assets
 or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
 either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; or quoted prices for identical
 assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets). 

Level 3 applies to assets
 or liabilities for which fair value is derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs are unobservable,
 including our own assumptions. 

Derivative
Financial Instruments and Fair Value, Including ASU 2017-11 and ASU 2021-04 

In
July 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-11 Earnings Per Share (Topic 260) Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) Derivatives
and Hedging (Topic 815). The amendments in Part I of this Update change the classification analysis of certain equity-linked financial
instruments (or embedded features) with down round features. When determining whether certain financial instruments should be classified
as liabilities or equity instruments, a down round feature no longer precludes equity classification when assessing whether the instrument
is indexed to an entity s own stock. The amendments also clarify existing disclosure requirements for equity-classified instruments.
As a result, a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded conversion option) no longer would be accounted for as a
derivative liability at fair value as a result of the existence of a down round feature. For freestanding equity classified financial
instruments, the amendments require entities that present earnings (loss) per share (EPS) in accordance with Topic 260 to recognize the
effect of the down round feature when it is triggered. That effect is treated as a dividend and as a reduction of income available to
common stockholders in basic EPS. Convertible instruments with embedded conversion options that have down round features are now subject
to the specialized guidance for contingent beneficial conversion features (in Subtopic 470-20, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other
Options), including related EPS guidance (in Topic 260). 

33 

In
May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50),
Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic
815-40), Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options. The
FASB issued this update to clarify and reduce diversity in an issuer s accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding
equity-classified written call options (for example, warrants) that remain equity classified after modification or exchange. The guidance
clarifies whether an issuer should account for a modification or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option
that remains equity classified after modification or exchange as (1) an adjustment to equity (that is, deemed dividends) and, if so,
the related earnings per share (EPS) effects, if any, or (2) an expense and, if so, the manner and pattern of recognition. We adopted
this new accounting guidance on January 1, 2022. Under the new guidance, the FASB decided not to include convertible debt instruments
in the guidance because ASU No 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10) requires that an entity capture
the impact of changes in down round provision features of convertible debt within the fair value of the instruments. 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table summarizes the results of our consolidated continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net revenues 
 13,036,172 
 100.0 
 3,223,896 
 100.0 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Direct costs of revenues 
 6,767,921 
 51.9 
 5,292,430 
 164.2 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 7,208,414 
 55.3 
 7,507,613 
 232.9 
 
 Asset impairment 
 - 
 0.0 
 2,300,826 
 71.4 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 469,371 
 3.6 
 643,551 
 20.0 
 
 Loss from continuing operations before other income (expense) and income taxes 
 (1,409,534 
 -10.8 
 (12,520,524 
 -388.4 
 
 Other income, net 
 499,681 
 3.8 
 5,376,244 
 166.8 
 
 Gain from forgiveness of debt 
 334,819 
 2.6 
 1,985,121 
 61.6 
 
 (Loss) gain from legal settlements, net 
 (129,153 
 -1.0 
 3,252,144 
 100.9 
 
 Interest expense 
 (2,257,544 
 -17.3 
 (3,185,828 
 -98.8 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 (312,849 
 -2.4 
 (179,530 
 -5.6 
 
 Net loss from continuing operations 
 (3,274,580 
 -25.1 
 (5,272,373 
 -163.5 

Net
Revenues 

Net
revenues were 13.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an
increase of 9.8 million. We attribute the increase in net revenues primarily due to retroactive and current billings and collections
and increased inpatient admissions at our Big South Fork Medical Center. We began billing as a Critical Access Hospital in the three
months ended June 30, 2022 retroactive to July 1, 2021. 

34 

Direct
Costs of Revenues 

Direct costs of revenues increased by 1.5 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. We attribute the increase in 2022 primarily to higher professional fees and salaries
and wages, partially offset by lower costs at Jellico due to the lease termination in March 2021. Professional fees increased due to greater
inpatient admissions and to the restructuring of our relationships with certain professional service firms. Salaries and wages increased
due to greater inpatient admissions, increased non-clinical staffing and reduced contract labor. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses
decreased by 0.3 million, or 4.0 , in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. We attribute the decrease to reductions of
general and administrative expenses at Jellico Community Hospital and Jamestown Regional Medical Center. While Jamestown Regional
Medical Center was closed in 2019, certain fixed expenses remain. These decreases were partially offset by increases in general and
administrative expenses at Big South Fork Medical Center, as well as corporate related expenses. 

Asset
Impairment 

We
recorded an asset impairment charge of 2.3 million as of December 31, 2021 for Jamestown Regional Medical Center s building. In
determining the fair value of Jamestown Regional Medical Center s building, the impairment reflected the changed condition of the
building that has not been in use since operations were suspended in June 2019. 

Depreciation
and Amortization Expenses 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses were 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 0.6 million in the year ended December
31, 2021. We attribute the decrease to fully depreciating certain assets in 2021. In addition, we recorded a 2.3 million impairment
of Jamestown Regional Medical Center s building in the fourth quarter of 2021, which resulted in a reduction of depreciation and
amortization for the building for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Loss
from Continuing Operations Before Other Income (Expense) and Income Taxes 

Our
loss from continuing operations before other income (expense) and income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.4 million
compared to a loss of 12.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We attribute the decrease in the operating loss primarily to
the increase in net revenues, the asset impairment charge in 2021 as well as the reduction in general and administrative expenses. 

Other
Income, Net 

Other
income, net of 0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of adjustments totaling approximately 0.3 million
for certain previously accrued payroll related expenses, 0.2 million of non-cash interest income associated with the note receivable
from related party, 0.6 million of income from HHS Provider Relief Funds and 0.6 million of various other income items, net, partially
offset by 1.2 million of penalties and interest associated with past due payroll taxes. Other income, net of 5.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021 consisted primarily of 4.4 million of income from HHS Provider Relief Funds and 1.5 million of income from
employee retention federal tax credits, partially offset by 0.4 million in penalties associated with non-payment of payroll taxes and
 0.3 million of loss on disposal of equipment and inventory. 

Gain
from Forgiveness of Debt 

We
had gains of 0.3 million and 2.0 million from the forgiveness of PPP Notes in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(Loss)
Gain from Legal Settlements, Net 

The
(loss) gain from legal settlements, net was 0.1) million and 3.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The gain from legal settlements, net of 3.3 million for 2021 resulted primarily from: (i) a gain of 0.6 million from the settlements
of obligations under accounts receivable sale agreements; (ii) a gain of 2.2 million from the settlement of obligations under a debenture;
and (iii) a gain of 0.3 million pursuant to the settlement of obligations owed under professional services agreements. 

35 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.3 million compared to 3.2 million in 2021. Interest expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 included 2.2 million for interest on debentures and notes payable and 0.1 million for interest on loans from Mr. Diamantis,
a former member of our Board of Directors. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 included 3.1 million for interest on
debentures and notes payable and 0.1 million for interest on loans from Mr. Diamantis. The decrease in interest expense in the year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 was due primarily to the exchange of debentures and notes payable in November 2021 for preferred
stock. 

Provision
for Income Taxes 

We
incurred an income tax provision of 0.3 million and 0.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for
federal and state income taxes. 

Net
Loss from Continuing Operations 

The
net loss from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.3 million compared to a net loss from continuing
operations of 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in the net loss in 2022 as compared to 2021 of
approximately 2.3 million was primarily due to the decrease in the loss from continuing operations before other income (expense)
and income taxes of 11.1 million and a reduction in interest expense of 0.9 million, partially offset by the income from HHS Provider Relief
Funds of 0.6 million in 2022 compared to a gain of 4.4 million in 2021, a loss from legal settlements, net of 0.1 million in 2022
compared to a gain of 3.3 million in 2021, a gain on forgiveness of PPP Notes of 0.3 million in the year ended December 31,
2022 compared to a 2.0 million gain in 2021 and an increase in the provision for income taxes of 0.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Overview 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we financed our operations from issuances of preferred stock, debentures and notes payable
and loans from Mr. Diamantis, a former member of our Board of Directors. Also, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we
received 0.3 million and 0.9 million, respectively, from HHS Provider Relief Funds. The HHS Provider Relief Funds are grants, not
loans, and HHS will not require repayment, but providers are restricted and the funds must be used only for grant approved purposes
as more fully discussed in Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we
received 1.5 million from the issuance of our Series P Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Series P Preferred
Stock and we received cash of 0.5 million from the issuance of debentures. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we received
cash of 9.0 million from issuances of our Series O Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock Series O Preferred
Stock and we received cash of 1.2 million from the issuances of promissory notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Diamantis loaned the Company
 1.1 million, which was used to repay a portion of the amounts due under a third-party promissory note, pursuant to a personal guaranty
of the promissory note by Mr. Diamantis. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr. Diamantis loaned the Company 0.9 million, the majority
of which was used for working capital purposes. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid Mr. Diamantis 0.2
million and 0.9 million, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received 1.5 million in
federal employee retention credits, which we applied to outstanding past-due payroll taxes. 

On
November 7, 2021, we entered into Exchange and Amendment Agreements (the November 2021 Exchange Agreements with certain
institutional investors in the Company. In the November 2021 Exchange Agreements, the investors agreed to reduce their holdings of 1.1
million principal value of then outstanding warrant promissory notes payable and 4.5 million of then outstanding non-convertible debentures,
plus accrued interest thereon of approximately 1.5 million, by exchanging the indebtedness and accrued interest for 8,544.870 shares
of the Company s Series P Preferred Stock with a stated value of 8,544,870. After the November 2021 Exchange Agreements, the investors
continued to own approximately 8.2 million of the then outstanding debentures, plus the associated accrued interest of approximately
 5.1 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, pursuant to the November 2021 Exchange Agreements, the expiration dates of the certain
warrants that were issued by the Company to the investors in March 2017, as more fully described in Note 12 to the accompanying consolidated
financial statements, were extended from March 21, 2022 to March 21, 2024. 

36 

On
June 25, 2021, the Company sold HTS and AMSG to InnovaQor and the Company received 14,950 shares of InnovaQor s Series B-1 Preferred
Stock with a stated value of 1,000 per share and valued at 9.1 million as consideration for the sale. In addition, 2.2 million of
net liabilities of HTS and AMSG were transferred to InnovaQor. The sale is more fully discussed above under the heading, Discontinued
Operations, and in Note 15 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Future
cash needs for working capital, capital expenditures, pursuit of opportunities in the behavioral sector, debt service obligations and
potential acquisitions will require management to seek additional capital. The Company and our facilities may also receive additional
government assistance. The sale/issuance of additional equity will result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 

Each
of these financing transactions is more fully discussed in the footnotes to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Going
Concern and Liquidity 

Under
ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) ASC 205-40 ), the Company
has the responsibility to evaluate whether conditions and/or events raise substantial doubt about its ability to meet its future financial
obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. As required by ASC 205-40, this
evaluation shall initially not take into consideration the potential mitigating effects of plans that have not been fully implemented
as of the date the financial statements are issued. Management has assessed the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
in accordance with the requirement of ASC 205-40. 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements, the Company had a working capital deficit and a stockholders deficit of 42.9 million and 29.1 million, respectively,
at December 31, 2022. The Company had a loss from continuing operations of approximately 3.3 million and 5.3 million for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and cash used in its operating activities was 0.2 million and 8.9 million for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of the date of this report, our cash is deficient and payments for our operations in the
ordinary course are not being made. The continued losses and other related factors, including past due accounts payable and payroll taxes
as well as payment defaults under the terms of certain outstanding notes payable and debentures, as more fully discussed in Notes 1, 7
and 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern for 12 months from the filing date of this report. 

The
Company s accompanying consolidated financial statements are prepared assuming the Company can continue as a going concern, which
contemplates continuity of operations through realization of assets, and the settling of liabilities in the normal course of business.
As more fully discussed above and in Note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, on June 25, 2021, the Company sold
HTS and AMSG to InnovaQor and the Company received 14,950 shares of InnovaQor s Series B-1 Preferred Stock valued at 9.1 million
as consideration for the sale. In addition, 2.2 million of net liabilities of HTS and AMSG were transferred to InnovaQor. The Company
has reflected the assets and liabilities relating to HTS and AMSG held prior to the sale as part of discontinued operations. 

We need to raise additional funds until we begin
to realize positive cash flow from operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our business plan, which is to
acquire and operate clusters of rural hospitals and related service providers, raise any additional capital or secure the additional financing
necessary to implement our current operating plan. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to significantly
increase our revenues, reduce our operating costs and eventually achieve profitable operations. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

37 

The
following table presents our capital resources as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Cash 
 499,470 
 724,524 
 (225,054 
 
 Working capital deficit 
 (42,944,995 
 (41,641,960 
 (1,303,035 
 
 Total debt 
 14,534,630 
 15,017,059 
 (482,429 
 
 Finance lease obligation 
 220,461 
 220,461 
 - 
 
 Stockholders deficit 
 (29,094,588 
 (27,301,524 
 (1,793,064 

The
following table presents the major sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Net cash used in operations 
 (218,348 
 (8,912,682 
 8,694,334 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (905,191 
 (374,473 
 (530,718 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 898,485 
 9,986,326 
 (9,087,841 

Net change in cash 
 (225,054 
 699,171 
 (924,225 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year 
 724,524 
 25,353 
 699,171 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of the period 
 499,470 
 724,524 
 (225,054 

The
components of cash used in operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented in the following
table: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 

Net loss from continuing operations 
 (3,274,580 
 (5,272,373 
 1,997,793 
 
 Non-cash adjustments to net loss (1) 
 (511,631 
 (8,192,389 
 7,680,758 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 (343,446 
 (544,616 
 201,170 
 
 Inventory 
 37,868 
 164,902 
 (127,034 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 3,625,158 
 4,540,724 
 (915,566 
 
 Income tax assets and liabilities 
 312,849 
 179,530 
 133,319 
 
 Other 
 (71,202 
 102,450 
 (173,652 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations 
 (224,984 
 (9,021,772 
 8,796,788 
 
 Net cash provided by operating
 activities of discontinued operations 
 6,636 
 109,090 
 (102,454 
 
 Net cash used in operations 
 (218,348 
 (8,912,682 
 8,694,334 

(1) 
 Non-cash
 adjustments to net loss from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 0.5 million include primarily 0.3
 million of other income from forgiveness of PPP Notes, 0.6 million of income from HHS Provider Relief Funds and 0.2 million of
 non-cash interest income, partially offset by 0.1 million of loss from legal settlements, net, and 0.5 million of depreciation and
 amortization. Non-cash adjustments to net loss from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 8.2 million
 include primarily an 11.3 million gain from the sale of HTS and AMSG, 3.3 million gain from legal settlements, 2.0 million gain
 from extinguishment of debt, 4.4 million gain from HHS provider relief funds and 1.5 million of income from employee retention
 credits, partially offset by net income from discontinued operations of 10.9 million, 2.3 million of fixed asset impairment and
 0.6 million of depreciation and amortization. 

38 

Cash
of 0.9 million was used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 35,230 was used to purchase equipment and 0.9 million was used to fund working capital needs at InnovaQor (classified as a note receivable / receivable from related party).
Cash of 0.4 million was used in the year ended December 31, 2021 to fund working capital needs at InnovaQor (classified as receivable
from related party). 

Cash
provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 0.9 million included 1.1 million in loans from a former member
of our Board of Directors, 0.5 million from the issuance of debentures, 1.5 million from the issuance of shares of our Series P Preferred
Stock and 0.3 million in HHS Provider Relief funds, partially offset by 0.2 million in payments of loans from a former member of our
Board of Directors, 1.4 million in payments of notes payable, 150,000 in payments of debentures and 0.7 million in payments of accounts
receivable under sales agreements. Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 10.0 million included
primarily 9.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of our Series O Preferred Stock, 0.9 million in loans from a former member of our
Board of Directors, 0.9 million from HHS Provider Relief Funds and 1.2 million from the issuances of notes payable, partially offset
by 0.9 million in payments of loans from a former member of our Board of Directors, 0.7 million in payments of notes payable and 0.5
million in payments of accounts receivable under sales agreements. 

Common
Stock and Common Stock Equivalents 

The
Company had 29.1 billion and 4.2 million shares of its common stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued one share of its common stock upon conversion of
1,750,000 shares of its Series F Convertible Preferred Stock, 16.0 billion shares of its common stock upon conversions of 3.0
million of stated value of its Series N Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock and 13.1 billion shares of its common stock upon the
conversions of 1.2 million of stated value of its Series O Preferred Stock. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
issued 9,500 shares of its common stock upon the exchange and conversions of 1.2 million of stated value of its Series M
Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock the Series M Preferred Stock and 4.2 million shares of its common stock
upon the conversions of 23.5 million of stated value of its Series N Preferred Stock. 

The
terms of certain of the outstanding warrants, convertible preferred stock and convertible debentures issued by the Company provide
for reductions in the per share exercise prices of the warrants and the per share conversion prices of the debentures and preferred
stock (if applicable and subject to a floor in certain cases), in the event that the Company issues common stock or common stock
equivalents (as that term is defined in the agreements) at an effective exercise/conversion price that is less than the then
exercise/conversion price of the outstanding warrants, preferred stock or debentures, as the case may be. In addition, the majority
of these equity-based securities contain exercise/conversion prices that vary based upon the price of the Company s common
stock on the date of exercise/conversion (see Notes 8, 11 and 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). These
provisions have resulted in significant dilution of the Company s common stock and have given rise to reverse splits of the
Company s common stock, including a 1-for-1,000 reverse stock split effected on July 16, 2021 and a 1-for-10,000 reverse stock
split effected on March 15, 2022. As a result of these down round provisions, the potential common stock equivalents, including
outstanding common stock, totaled 1.0 trillion at December 31, 2022 and 1.0 trillion at March 30, 2023. 

On
August 13, 2020, Mr. Diamantis entered into the Voting Agreement with the Company, Mr. Seamus Lagan and Alcimede LLC (of which Mr. Lagan,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer, is the sole manager) pursuant to which Mr. Diamantis granted an irrevocable proxy to Mr.
Lagan to vote the Series M Preferred Stock held by Mr. Diamantis. Mr. Diamantis has retained all other rights under the Series M Preferred
Stock. Regardless of the number of shares of Series M Preferred Stock outstanding and so long as at least one share of Series M Preferred
Stock is outstanding, the outstanding shares of Series M Preferred Stock shall have the number of votes, in the aggregate, equal to 51 
of all votes entitled to be voted at any meeting of stockholders or action by written consent. This means that the holders of Series
M Preferred Stock have sufficient votes, by themselves, to approve or defeat any proposal voted on by the Company s stockholders,
unless there is a supermajority required under applicable law or by agreement. 

39 

Also,
on November 5, 2021, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, to provide that the number of authorized shares
of its common stock or preferred stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares then outstanding) by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors,
irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (or any successor provision
thereto), voting together as a single class, without a separate vote of the holders of the class or classes the number of authorized
shares of which are being increased or decreased unless a vote by any holders of one or more series of preferred stock is required by
the express terms of any series of preferred stock pursuant to the terms thereof. 

As
a result of the Voting Agreement and the November 5, 2021 amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation discussed above,
as of the date of filing of this report, the Company believes that it has the ability to ensure that it has and or can obtain sufficient
authorized shares of its common stock to cover all potentially dilutive shares of common stock outstanding. 

Inflation
and Supply Chain Issues 

The
healthcare industry is very labor intensive and salaries and benefits are subject to inflationary pressures, as are supply and other
costs. The nationwide shortage of nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel has been a significant operating issue facing
us and other healthcare providers. In particular, like others in the healthcare industry, we continue to experience a shortage of nurses
and other clinical staff and support personnel, which has been exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. We are treating patients with COVID-19
in our facilities and, in some areas, the increased demand for care is putting a strain on our resources and staff, which has required
us to utilize higher-cost temporary labor and pay premiums above standard compensation for essential workers. The length and extent of
the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic are currently unknown; however, we expect such disruptions to continue. This staffing
shortage may require us to further enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other clinical staff and support personnel
or require us to hire expensive temporary personnel. Our ability to pass on increased costs associated with providing healthcare to Medicare
and Medicaid patients is limited due to various federal, state and local laws which have been enacted that, in certain cases, limit our
ability to increase prices. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

Under
SEC regulations, we are required to disclose the Company s off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to
have a current or future effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or
capital resources that are material to investors. Off-balance sheet arrangements consist of transactions, agreements or contractual arrangements
to which any entity that is not consolidated with us is a party, under which we have: 

Any obligation under certain
 guarantee contracts. 

Any retained or contingent
 interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk
 support to that entity for such assets. 

Any obligation under a
 contract that would be accounted for as a derivative instrument, except that it is both indexed to the Company s stock and
 classified in stockholder s equity in the Company s statement of financial position. 

Any obligation arising
 out of a material variable interest held by us in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit
 risk support to us, or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future
effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to investors. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
applicable. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements
 and Supplementary Data. 

40 

RENNOVA
HEALTH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Index
to Financial Statements 

RENNOVA HEALTH, INC. 
 PAGE 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Rennova Health, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rennova Health, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two
year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and
2021, and the results of its consolidated operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December
31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Consideration
of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has recognized recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans with regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Complex
Equity and Debt Transactions 

Description
of the Matter: 

As
discussed in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s equity and debt transactions include warrants which contain
down-round anti-dilution provisions. As a result, the exercise price of the warrants decreases and the warrants are revalued with each
conversion of preferred stock or common stock issuance at a lower price than the warrant s exercise price. The warrants are then
revalued to their estimated fair value then recorded as a deemed dividend. Auditing management s estimates of fair value requires
a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to carefully examine to understand the true nature
of the related agreements. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit: 

We
gained an understanding of management s process and methodology to develop the estimates. We reviewed the underlying warrant and
signed preferred stock agreements. We evaluated management s selection of a valuation method, tested the inputs used in the Black-Scholes
calculation by agreeing terms of the underlying agreements and market information to third-party sites, and recalculated the deemed dividends.
The Company used a specialist to perform the calculations and we gained an understanding of the specialist s work. We assessed
the knowledge, skill, and ability of the Company s specialist and the specialist s relationship to the Company. We evaluated
the work of the specialist as delineated above. We evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures related to these fair value measurements. 

Evaluation
of Revenue Recognition 

Description
of the Matter: 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, revenues are based upon the estimated amounts the Company expects to be
entitled to receive from patients and third-party payers. Estimates of contractual allowances under managed care, commercial, and governmental
insurance plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements or as mandated under government payer
programs. Management continually reviews the contractual allowances estimation process to consider and incorporate updates to laws and
regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals. 

Auditing
management s estimates of contractual allowances and implicit price concessions was complex and judgmental due to the significant
data inputs and subjective assumptions utilized in determining related amounts. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit: 

To
test the estimated contractual allowances and implicit price concessions, we performed audit procedures that included, among others,
assessing methodologies and evaluating the significant assumptions discussed above and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying
data used by the Company in its estimates. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic
trends and considered changes, if any, to the Company s business and other relevant factors. We also assessed the historical accuracy
of management s estimates as a source of potential corroborative or contrary evidence. 

/s/

Haynie
 Company 

April
17, 2023 

 Firm
ID: 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

F- 3 

RENNOVA
HEALTH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Note receivable / receivable from related party 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Income tax refunds receivable 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible asset 

Investment 

Deposits 

Right-of-use assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable (includes related party
 amounts of and 
 million, respectively) 

Accrued expenses (includes related party amounts of and 
 million, respectively) 

Income taxes payable 

Current portion of notes payable 

Current portion of loan payable, related party 

Current portion of debentures 

Current portion of right-of-use operating lease obligations 

Current portion of finance lease obligation 

Derivative liabilities 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Right-of-use operating lease obligations, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders deficit: 

Series F preferred stock, par value, stated value per share, 
 shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 

Series H preferred stock, par value, stated value per
 share, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series L preferred stock, par value, stated value per share, 
 shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Series M preferred stock, par value, stated value per share, 
 shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Series N preferred stock, par value, stated value per share, 
 shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Series O preferred stock, par value, stated value per share, 
 shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Series P preferred stock, par value, stated value per share, 
 shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

RENNOVA
HEALTH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Direct costs of revenues 

General and administrative expenses 

Asset impairment 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from continuing operations before other income (expense) and income taxes 

Other income (expense): 

Other income, net 

Gain from forgiveness of debt 

(Loss) gain from legal settlements, net 

Interest expense 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Gain on sale 
 - 

Total (loss) income from discontinued operations 

Net (loss) income 

Deemed dividends 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Net (loss) income per share of common stock available to
 common stockholders- basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Total basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period: 

Basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

RENNOVA
HEALTH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In- 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

Conversion of Series F Preferred Stock into common stock 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversions of Series N Preferred Stock into common stock 

- 
 - 
 
 Conversions of Series O Preferred Stock into common stock 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuances of Series P Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed dividends from issuances of Series P Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed dividends from triggers of down round provisions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

RENNOVA
HEALTH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-In- 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

- 

Balance 

- 

Conversions of Series M Preferred Stock into common stock 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exchange of Series M Preferred Stock for common stock 

- 
 - 
 
 Conversions of Series N Preferred Stock into common stock 

- 
 - 
 
 Issuances of Series O Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed dividends from issuances of Series O Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Issuance of Series P Preferred Stock in exchange for debentures, warrant promissory notes and accrued interest 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed dividends from issuance of Series P Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Deemed dividends from issuance of warrants under exchange agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Deemed dividends from extensions of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed dividends from triggers of down round provisions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

RENNOVA
HEALTH, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash interest (income) expense, net 

Gain from forgiveness of debt 

Asset impairment 
 - 

Net loss (gain) from legal settlements 

Loss on disposal of equipment 

Income from federal government provider relief funds 

Other income from federal employee retention credits 
 - 

Gain from sale of discontinued operations 
 - 

(Loss) income from discontinued operations 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Security deposits 

Change in right-of-use assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Change in right-of-use operating lease obligations 

Income tax assets and liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Note receivable / receivable from related party 

Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations 

Net cash from investing activities of discontinued operations 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuances of notes payable 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance of related party loans 

Payments on related party loans 

Proceeds from issuance of debentures 
 
 - 
 
 Payments of debentures 
 
 - 
 
 Payments on notes payable 

Receivables paid under accounts receivable sales agreements 

Federal government provider relief funds 

Proceeds from issuance of Series O Preferred Stock 
 - 

Proceeds from issuances of Series P Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Payment on finance lease obligation 
 - 

Cash paid for fractional shares in connection with reverse stock splits 

Net cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities of discontinued operations 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

RENNOVA
HEALTH, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

square foot hospital building and square foot professional building on approximately
 acres. Scott County Community Hospital has 25 beds, a 24/7 emergency department and a laboratory that provides a range of diagnostic
services. Scott County Community Hospital closed in July 2016 in connection with the bankruptcy filing of its parent company, Pioneer
Health Services, Inc. We acquired the Oneida Assets out of bankruptcy for a purchase price of million. The hospital, which has since
been renamed Big South Fork Medical Center, became operational on August 8, 2017. The hospital became certified as a Critical Access
Hospital (rural) hospital in December 2021, retroactive to June 30, 2021. 

Jamestown
Regional Medical Center 

On
June 1, 2018, we acquired from Community Health Systems, Inc. certain assets related to an acute care hospital located in Jamestown,
Tennessee, referred to as Jamestown Regional Medical Center, for a purchase price of million. The hospital is an 85-bed facility
of approximately square feet on over eight acres of land, which offered a 24-hour emergency department with two trauma bays and
seven private exam rooms, inpatient and outpatient medical services and a progressive care unit which provided telemetry services. The
acquisition also included a separate physician practice known as Mountain View Physician Practice, Inc. 

The
Company suspended operations at the hospital and physician practice in June 2019, as a result of the termination of the hospital s
Medicare agreement and other factors. The Company is evaluating whether to reopen the facility as an acute care hospital or as another
type of healthcare facility. Jamestown is located 38 miles west of Big South Fork Medical Center. 

Jellico
Medical Center and CarePlus Clinic 

On
March 5, 2019, we acquired certain assets related to a 54-bed acute care hospital that offered comprehensive services located in Jellico,
Tennessee known as Jellico Community Hospital and an outpatient clinic located in Williamsburg, Kentucky. The hospital and the clinic
and their associated assets were acquired from Jellico Community Hospital, Inc. and CarePlus Rural Health Clinic, LLC, respectively.
On March 1, 2021, the Company closed Jellico Community Hospital, after the City of Jellico issued a 30-day termination notice for the
lease of the building. 

The
CarePlus Clinic offers compassionate care in a modern, patient-friendly facility. The CarePlus Clinic is located 32 miles northwest of
our Big South Fork Medical Center. 

Discontinued
Operations 

On
June 25, 2021, the Company sold its subsidiaries, Health Technology Solutions, Inc. HTS and Advanced Molecular Services
Group, Inc. AMSG ), including their subsidiaries, to InnovaQor, Inc. InnovaQor ), formerly known as VisualMED
Clinical Solutions Corporation. HTS and AMSG held Rennova s software and genetic testing interpretation divisions. The financial
results of HTS and AMSG prior to the sale are reflected herein as discontinued operations. The sale is more fully discussed in Note 15. 

During
the third quarter of 2020, we announced that we had decided to sell our last clinical laboratory, EPIC Reference Labs, Inc. EPIC ),
and as a result, EPIC s operations have been included in discontinued operations for all periods presented. The Company was unable
to find a buyer for EPIC and, therefore, ceased all efforts to sell EPIC and closed down its operations. 

Impact
of the Pandemic 

The
coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020. We
have been closely monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our operations. As more fully discussed in Note 8, we have
received Paycheck Protection Program loans PPP Notes ). We have also received Department of Health and Human Services HHS Provider Relief Funds and employee retention credits from the federal government as more fully discussed below.
If the COVID-19 pandemic continues for a further extended period, we expect to incur significant losses and additional financial
assistance may be required. Going forward, the Company is unable to determine the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will
continue to affect its business. Our ability to make estimates of the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on net revenues, expenses or
changes in accounting judgments that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial statements is
currently limited. The nature and effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our balance sheet and results of operations will depend on the
severity and length of the pandemic in our service areas; government activities to mitigate the pandemic s effect; regulatory
changes in response to the pandemic, especially those affecting rural hospitals; existing and potential government assistance that
may be provided; and the requirements of Provider Relief Fund receipts, including our ability to retain such funds as have been
received. 

HHS
Provider Relief Funds 

The
Company received HHS Provider Relief Funds, which were provided to eligible healthcare providers out of the billion Public Health
and Social Services Emergency Fund provided for in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ).
The funds were allocated to eligible healthcare providers for expenses and lost revenue attributable to the COVID-19 pandemic. As of
December 31, 2022, our facilities have received approximately million in relief funds. The fund payments are grants, not loans,
and HHS will not require repayment, but the funds must be used only for grant approved purposes. Based on an analysis of the compliance
and reporting requirements of the Provider Relief Funds and the impact of the pandemic on our operating results through December 31,
2022, we have recognized a net of million of these funds as income of which million, million and million were recognized
as income during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accordingly, approximately million of relief funds
received as of December 31, 2022 are in accrued expenses, as more fully discussed in Note 7. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s estimate of the amount for which it is reasonably assured of meeting the underlying terms
and conditions of the grants was based on, among other things, the various notices issued by HHS on September 19, 2020, October 22,
2020, and January 15, 2021 and the Company s results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022.
The Company believes that it was appropriate to recognize a net of 
million of the HHS Provider Relief Funds as income in various periods, as discussed in the paragraph above. Accordingly, the 
million is not recognized as a liability at December 31, 2022. Additional guidance or new and amended interpretations of existing
guidance on the terms and conditions of such payments may result in changes in the Company s estimate of amounts for which the
terms and conditions are reasonably assured of being met, and any such changes may be material. Additionally, any such changes may
result in derecognition of amounts of income previously recognized, which may be material. If we are unable to attest to or comply
with current or future terms and conditions, and there is no assurance we will be able to do so, our ability to retain some or all
of the funds received may be impacted. 

The
Company has been served with a qui tam complaint with regards to the use of monies received from HHS Provider
Relief Funds, as more fully discussed in Note 14. 

Federal
Employee Retention Credits 

The
CARES Act, passed by Congress on March 27, 2020, contained the employee retention credit, a refundable payroll tax credit to employers
that have experienced hardship in their operations due to COVID-19. The CARES Act was amended and extended on December 27, 2020 by the
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (the CAA and in March 2021, the Internal Revenue Code was amended by the American
Rescue Plan Act of 2021 to provide new employee retention credit provisions designed to promote employee retention and hiring. As a result,
the Company received million in employee retention credits during the year ended December 31, 2021, which the Company recognized
as other income and applied to its outstanding past-due payroll tax liabilities. See Note 7 for an additional discussion of the employee
retention credit. 

Going
Concern 

Under
ASU 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) ASC 205-40 ), the Company has the
responsibility to evaluate whether conditions and/or events raise substantial doubt about its ability to meet its future financial obligations
as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. As required by ASC 205-40, this evaluation
shall initially not take into consideration the potential mitigating effects of plans that have not been fully implemented as of the
date the financial statements are issued. Management has assessed the Company s ability to continue as a going concern in accordance
with the requirements of ASC 205-40. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit and a stockholders deficit of 
million and 
million, respectively. In addition, the Company had a loss from continuing operations of approximately 
million and 
million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and cash used in operating activities was 
million and 
million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of the date of this report, our cash is deficient and
payments for our operations in the ordinary course are not being made. The continued losses and other related factors, including
past due accounts payable and payroll taxes, as well as payment defaults under the terms of certain outstanding notes payable and
debentures, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for 12 months from the filing
date of this report. 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared assuming the Company can continue as a going concern, which contemplates
continuity of operations through realization of assets, and the settling of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company s
current financial condition may make it difficult to attract and maintain adequate expertise in its management team to successfully operate
its remaining healthcare facilities. 

There
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve its business plan, raise any additional capital or secure the additional
financing necessary to implement its current operating plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
its ability to raise adequate capital to fund its operations and repay its outstanding debt and other past due obligations, fully align
its operating costs, increase its net revenues, and eventually gain profitable operations. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Reverse
Stock Splits 

On
July 16, 2021 and March 15, 2022, the Company effected a reverse stock split and a reverse stock split, respectively
(the Reverse Stock Splits ). As a result of the Reverse Stock Splits, every shares of the Company s then outstanding
common stock was combined and automatically converted into one share of the Company s common stock on July 16, 2021 and every 
shares of the Company s common stock then outstanding was combined and automatically converted into one share of the Company s
common stock on March 15, 2022. The conversion and exercise prices of all of the Company s outstanding convertible preferred stock,
common stock purchase warrants, stock options and convertible debentures were proportionately adjusted at the applicable reverse split
ratio in accordance with the terms of such instruments. The par value and other terms of the common stock were not affected by the Reverse
Stock Splits. All share, per share and capital stock amounts and common stock equivalents presented herein have been restated where appropriate
to give effect to the Reverse Stock Splits. 

Amendment
to Certificate of Incorporation, as Amended 

Effective
November 5, 2021, the Company filed an Amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, with the Secretary of State of the
State of Delaware to provide that the number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock or preferred stock may be increased
or decreased (but not below the number of shares then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power
of the stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2)
of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (or any successor provision thereto), voting together as a single class, without
a separate vote of the holders of the class or classes the number of authorized shares of which are being increased or decreased unless
a vote by any holders of one or more series of preferred stock is required by the express terms of any series of preferred stock pursuant
to the terms thereof. 

Increases
in Authorized Shares of Common Stock 

Effective
November 5, 2021, the Company increased the authorized shares of common stock from billion to billion and, effective March 15,
2022, the Company increased the authorized shares of its common stock from billion to billion. 

Our
revenues relate to contracts with patients in which our performance obligations are to provide health care services to the patients.
Revenues are recorded during the period our obligations to provide health care services are satisfied. Our performance obligations for
inpatient services are generally satisfied over periods averaging approximately three days, and revenues are recognized based on charges
incurred. Our performance obligations for outpatient services, including emergency room-related services, are generally satisfied over
a period of less than one day. The contractual relationships with patients, in most cases, also involve a third-party payer (Medicare,
Medicaid, managed care health plans and commercial insurance companies, including plans offered through the health insurance exchanges)
and the transaction prices for the services provided are dependent upon the terms provided by (Medicare and Medicaid) or negotiated with
(managed care health plans and commercial insurance companies) the third-party payers. The payment arrangements with third-party payers
for the services we provide to the related patients typically specify payments at amounts less than our standard charges. Medicare, because
of the Big South Fork Medical Center s designation as a Critical Access Hospital, generally pays for inpatient and outpatient services
at rates related to the hospital s costs. Services provided to patients having Medicaid coverage are generally paid at prospectively
determined rates per discharge, per identified service or per covered member. Agreements with commercial insurance carriers, managed
care and preferred provider organizations generally provide for payments based upon predetermined rates per diagnosis, per diem rates
or discounted fee-for-service rates. Management continually reviews the contractual estimation process to consider and incorporate updates
to laws and regulations and the frequent changes in managed care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals.
Our net revenues are based upon the estimated amounts we expect to be entitled to receive from patients and third-party payers. Estimates
of contractual allowances under managed care and commercial insurance plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related
contractual agreements. Revenues related to uninsured patients and uninsured copayment and deductible amounts for patients who have health
care coverage may have discounts applied (uninsured discounts and contractual discounts). We also record estimated implicit price concessions
(based primarily on historical collection experience) related to uninsured accounts to record self-pay revenues at the estimated amounts
we expect to collect. 

Laws
and regulations governing the Medicare and Medicaid programs are complex and subject to interpretation. Estimated reimbursement amounts
are adjusted in subsequent periods as cost reports are prepared and filed and as final settlements are determined (in relation to certain
government programs, primarily Medicare, this is generally referred to as the cost report filing and settlement process).
During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company s Big South Fork Medical Center received a communication that its final Medicare
cost report for the six months ending December 31, 2021 was accepted and that it reflected a retroactive adjustment of million as
a result of an overpayment. Accordingly, the Company has reflected the million cost report adjustment as a liability at December
31, 2022. Furthermore, the Company recognized an additional million as a liability at December 31, 2022 (net of recoupments) based
on further correspondence with its fiscal intermediary and likely overpayments by Medicare for fiscal 2022. 

The
collection of outstanding receivables for Medicare, Medicaid, managed care payers, other third-party payers and patients is our primary
source of operating cash and is critical to our operating performance. The primary collection risks relate to uninsured patient accounts,
including patient accounts for which the primary insurance carrier has paid the amounts covered by the applicable agreement, but patient
responsibility amounts (deductibles and copayments) remain outstanding. Implicit price concessions relate primarily to amounts due directly
from patients. Estimated implicit price concessions are recorded for all uninsured accounts, regardless of the aging of those accounts.
Accounts are written off when all reasonable internal and external collection efforts have been performed. The estimates for implicit
price concessions are based upon management s assessment of historical write offs and expected net collections, business and economic
conditions, trends in federal, state and private employer health care coverage and other collection indicators. Management relies on
the results of detailed reviews of historical write-offs and collections at facilities that represent a majority of our revenues and
accounts receivable (the hindsight analysis as a primary source of information in estimating the collectability of our
accounts receivable. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, estimated contractual allowances of million and million, respectively, and estimated
implicit price concessions of million and million, respectively, have been recorded as reductions to our revenues and accounts
receivable balances to enable us to record our revenues and accounts receivable at the estimated amounts we expect to collect. As required
by Topic 606, after estimated implicit price concessions and contractual and related allowance adjustments to revenues of million
and million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported net revenues of million and million,
respectively. We continue to review the provisions for implicit price concessions and contractual allowances. See Note 4 Accounts
Receivable and Income Tax Refunds Receivable. 

million asset impairment charge for Jamestown Regional Medical Center s
building during 2021, as more fully discussed in Note 5. 

per share and were
not in-the-money at December 31, 2022, as more fully discussed in Note 8. We recorded the incremental value of warrants as a result of
the down round provisions of 330.5 million in the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, which was prior
to the adoption of the guidance in ASU No 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10) , we recorded deemed
dividends for the incremental value of convertible debentures and warrants as a result of the down round provisions of 490.2 million.
Debentures and warrants are more fully discussed in Notes 8 and 12. 

In
addition, we recorded deemed dividends of approximately million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, as a result of the issuances of shares of our preferred stock, which are more fully discussed in Note 12. In addition,
we recorded deemed dividends of million in the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of the extensions of various common stock
warrants and million in the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with an exchange agreement. The warrant extensions and the
exchange agreement are more fully discussed in Note 12. See Note 11 for an additional discussion of derivative financial instruments
and deemed dividends. 

In
accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company is required to determine whether a tax position of the Company is more likely than not to be sustained
upon examination by the applicable taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the
technical merits of the position. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than
fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Derecognition of a tax benefit previously recognized could result in
the Company recording a tax liability that would reduce net assets. Based on its analysis, the Company has determined that it has not
incurred any liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Deemed dividends 

Net loss available to common stockholders, continuing operations 

Net (loss) income from discontinued operations 

Net loss available to common stockholders 

Denominator 

Weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period - basic and diluted 

Net (loss) income per share of common stock available to common stockholders - basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Total basic and diluted 

Convertible preferred stock 

Convertible debentures 

Stock options 

Anti-dilutive
 shares 

The
terms of certain of the warrants, convertible preferred stock and convertible debentures issued by the Company provide for
reductions in the per share exercise prices of the warrants and the per share conversion prices of the debentures and preferred
stock (if applicable and subject to floors in certain cases) in the event that the Company issues common stock or common stock
equivalents (as that term is defined in the agreements) at an effective exercise/conversion price that is less than the then
exercise/conversion prices of the outstanding warrants, preferred stock or debentures, as the case may be. In addition, many of
these securities contain exercise or conversion prices that vary based upon the price of the Company s common stock on the
date of exercise/conversion (see Notes 8, 11 and 12). These provisions have resulted in significant dilution of the
Company s common stock. 

As
a result of these down round provisions, the potential common stock and common stock equivalents totaled trillion at March 30, 2023. See Notes 1 and 12 regarding a discussion of the number of shares of the Company s authorized
common and preferred stock. 

Less: 

Allowance for contractual obligations 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable owed under settlements/sales agreements 
 - 

Accounts receivable, net 

Accounts
Receivable Sales Agreements 

As
of December 31, 2020, million was outstanding and owed to three funding parties under three accounts receivable sales agreements.
On September 14, 2021, the Company entered into separate settlement agreements with the three funding parties under which the Company
agreed to repay an aggregate of million in full settlement of the sales agreements. Per the settlement agreements, the Company was
required to make equal monthly payments totaling through January 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the amounts owed were paid
in full. As a result of the settlements, the Company recorded a gain from legal settlements of million in the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Income
Tax Refunds Receivable 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had million and million, respectively, of income tax refunds receivable.
The Company s income taxes are more fully discussed in Note 13. 

Land 

Equipment 

Equipment under capital leases 

Furniture 

Leasehold improvements 

Computer equipment 

Software 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Property
and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their respective lives. Buildings are depreciated over years, leasehold
improvements are depreciated over the life of the lease(s) and the remaining equipment is being depreciated over lives ranging from three 
to . Depreciation expense on property and equipment was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Management
periodically reviews the valuation of long-lived assets, including property and equipment, for potential impairment. The Company did
not record an asset impairment charge during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded
a million asset impairment charge for Jamestown Regional Medical Center s building. In determining the fair value of Jamestown
Regional Medical Center s building, the impairment reflected the changed condition of the building that has not been in use since
operations were suspended in June 2019. On March 1, 2021, the Company closed Jellico Community Hospital, and accordingly wrote off 
million of equipment that was no longer of use in 2021. 

, which is a certificate of need acquired in the Jamestown
Regional Medical Center acquisition. The certificate of need has an indefinite life and was recently renewed. 

HHS Provider Relief Funds 

Accrued interest 

Accrued legal expenses and settlements 

Medicare overpayment reserve 
 
 - 
 
 Other accrued expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Payroll
and related liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 included approximately million and million, respectively, for penalties
associated with approximately million and million of accrued past due payroll taxes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
This liability account at December 31, 2022 and 2021 is net of employee retention credits totaling million and million, respectively.
Employee retention credits are also discussed in Note 2. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has accrued approximately million and million, respectively, of HHS Provider Relief
Funds. These funds are more fully discussed in Notes 1 and 14. 

Accrued
interest at December 31, 2022 and 2021 included accrued interest of and million, respectively, on loans made to the
Company by Christopher Diamantis, a former member of the Company s Board of Directors. The loans from Mr. Diamantis are more fully
discussed in Note 8. 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company s Big South Fork Medical Center received a communication that its final Medicare cost report
for the six months ending December 31, 2021 was accepted and that it reflected a retroactive adjustment of million as a result of
an overpayment. Accordingly, the Company has reflected the million cost report adjustment as a liability at December 31, 2022. Furthermore,
the Company recognized an additional million as a liability (net of recoupments) at December 31, 2022 based on further correspondence
with its fiscal intermediary and likely overpayments by Medicare for fiscal 2022. 

Loan payable related party 

Debentures 

Total debt 

Less current portion of debt 

Total debt, net of current portion 
 - 
 - 

million. Settled on September 30, 2021 for pursuant to a payment plan as discussed below. 
 - 

Notes payable to CommerceNet and Jay Tenenbaum in the original principal amount of (the Tegal Notes ). 

Note payable to Anthony O Killough dated September 27, 2019 in the original principal amount of million. Interest is due only upon event of default. Issued net of million of debt discount and million of financing fees. Payment due in installments through November 2020. 

Notes payable under the PPP loans issued on April 20, 2020 through May 1, 2020. 
 - 

Notes payable dated January 31, 2021 and February 16, 2021 in the original aggregate amount of due six months from the date of issuance. The notes bore interest at for the period outstanding. Under the terms of the notes, the holder received shares of InnovaQor s Series B-1 Preferred Stock held by the Company (see Note 15). 
 - 

Notes payable to Western Healthcare, LLC dated August 10, 2021, in the aggregate principal amount of million, bearing interest at per annum, payable in monthly installments aggregating million, due . 

Note payable 

Less current portion 

Notes payable - third parties, net of current portion 
 - 
 - 

In
May 2020, the SEC appointed a Receiver to close down the TCA Global Credit Master Fund, L.P. The Company and the Receiver entered into
a settlement agreement dated effective as of September 30, 2021, under which the Company agreed to pay as full and final settlement
of principal and accrued interest, of which was paid during 2021 and was paid during 2022. As a result of the settlement,
in the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company recorded a gain from legal settlement, resulting from the adjustments of principal and
accrued interest, of million. 

The
Company did not make the second annual principal payment under the Tegal Notes that was due on July 12, 2016. On November 3, 2016, the
Company received a default notice from the holders of the Tegal Notes demanding immediate repayment of the outstanding principal at that
time of and accrued interest of . On December 7, 2016, the Company received a breach of contract complaint with a request
for the entry of a default judgment (see Note 14). On April 23, 2018, the holders of the Tegal Notes received a judgment against the
Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid of the principal amount of these notes. 

On
September 27, 2019, the Company issued a promissory note payable to Anthony O Killough in the principal amount of million
and received proceeds of million,
which was net of a million
original issue discount and million
of financing fees. The first principal payment of million
was due on November 8, 2019 and the remaining million
was due on December 26, 2019. These payments were not made. In February 2020, Mr. O Killough sued the Company and Mr.
Diamantis, as guarantor, in New York State Supreme Court for the County of New York, for approximately million
for non-payment of the promissory note. In May 2020, the Company, Mr. Diamantis, as guarantor, and Mr. O Killough entered into
a Stipulation providing for a payment of a total of million
(which included accrued penalty interest as of that date) in installments through November 1, 2020. The Company made
payments totaling in
2020. On January 18, 2022, Mr. Diamantis paid and
the remaining balance was due 120 days thereafter. Mr. O Killough agreed to forebear from any further enforcement action until
then. On various dates during the remainder of 2022, Mr. Diamantis made additional payments to Mr. O Killough totaling and
the Company gave Mr. Diamantis for
further payment to Mr. O Killough. As a result of these payments, the past due balance owed to Mr. O Killough was million
on December 31, 2022. The Company is obligated to repay Mr. Diamantis for any payments, plus interest, that he made to Mr.
O Killough. On January 27, 2023, the parties entered into a final settlement wherein the Company and Mr. Diamantis agreed to
settle the obligation in full for .
The promissory note, forbearance agreement and final settlement are also discussed in Notes 14 and 18. 

The
Company, including its subsidiaries, received PPP loan proceeds in the aggregate amount of approximately million (the PPP
Notes ). The PPP Notes and accrued interest were forgivable as long as the borrower used the loan proceeds for eligible purposes,
including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities. As of December 31, 2022, million of the principal balance of the PPP Notes was
forgiven of which million was forgiven in the year ended December 31, 2022 and million was forgiven in the year ended December
31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the remaining principal balance was repaid. 

On
August 10, 2021, the Company entered into two notes payable with Western Healthcare, LLC in the aggregate principal amount of million.
The notes were issued under the terms of a settlement agreement related to agreements that the Company had previously entered into for
medical staffing services. The notes bear interest at a rate of per annum and payments consisting of principal and interest were
due no later than August 30, 2022. The Company paid million to the note holders upon issuance of the notes. The Company has
not made all of the monthly installments due under the notes and the notes are past due. 

Loan
Payable Related Party 

Less current portion of loan payable, related party 

Total loan payable, related party, net of current portion 

Mr.
Diamantis was a member of the Company s Board of Directors until his resignation on February 26, 2020. During the year ended December
31, 2022, Mr. Diamantis loaned the Company million, which was used to pay principal and accrued interest due under the note payable
to Mr. O Killough. The note payable to Mr. O Killough, including payments made during the year ended December 31, 2022, is
more fully discussed above under the heading Notes Payable Third Parties . During the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr.
Diamantis loaned the Company million, the majority of which was used for working capital purposes. During the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company made payments on the principal amount of the loans from Mr. Diamantis of million and million,
respectively. In November 2021, Mr. Diamantis requested the Company repay the outstanding note payable to him, which was million
at December 31, 2022, and facilitate repayment of the note payable to Mr. O Killough for which he is a guarantor. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred interest expense on the loans from Mr. Diamantis of 
 million and 
 million, respectively. During the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company paid 
 million and ,
respectively, of accrued interest owed to Mr. Diamantis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest on the loans from Mr. Diamantis
totaled approximately 
 and 
 million, respectively. Interest accrues on loans
from Mr. Diamantis at a rate of 
on the majority of the amounts loaned. In addition, the Company incurs interest expense related to the amounts Mr. Diamantis borrows
from third-parties to loan to the Company. 

Debentures 

2018 Debentures 

October 2022 Debenture 
 
 - 
 
 Debentures, Gross 

Less current portion 

Debentures, net of current portion 
 - 
 - 

March
2017 Debenture 

In
March 2017, the Company issued a debenture due in March 2019 (the March 2017 Debenture with a principal balance of 
million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, including a late-payment penalty of million. The March 2017 Debenture is past due
by its original terms. The March 2017 Debenture bears default interest at the rate of per annum and is secured by a first priority
lien on all of the Company s assets. The Company incurred default interest expense on this past due debenture of million and
 million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

On
December 31, 2022, the March 2017 Debenture is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, at a conversion price, which
has been adjusted pursuant to its terms, of per share or billion shares of the Company s common stock. The conversion
price is subject to reset in the event of offerings or other issuances of common stock, or rights to purchase common stock, at a price
below the then conversion price, as well as other customary anti-dilution protections. 

The
March 2017 Debenture was issued with warrants (the March Warrants ), which are exercisable into shares of the Company s
common stock. On November 7, 2021, the expiration dates of the March Warrants were extended to March 21, 2024 in connection with exchange,
redemption and forbearance agreements, which are more fully discussed below and in Notes 11 and 12. Outstanding warrants are more fully
discussed in Notes 11 and 12. 

2018
Debentures 

During
2018, the Company closed various offerings of debentures (the 2018 Debentures with principal balances aggregating
 million, including late-payment penalties, due in September 2019. The conversion terms of the 2018 Debentures are the same as those
of the March 2017 Debenture, as more fully described above, with the exception of the conversion price, which was per share at
December 31, 2022 and is subject to a floor of per share. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance
of the 2018 Debentures, including late-payment penalties of million, was million and the debentures were convertible into
 million shares of the Company s common stock on December 31, 2022. The debentures bear default interest at the rate of 
per annum and are secured by a first priority lien on all of the Company s assets. The Company incurred default interest expense
on these past due debentures of million and million, respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Exchange,
Redemption and Forbearance Agreements 

On
August 31, 2020, all of the then outstanding debentures that were issued in September 2017 and a portion of the then outstanding 2018
Debentures were exchanged for shares of the Company s Series N Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series N Preferred
Stock under the terms of Exchange, Redemption and Forbearance Agreements (the August 2020 Exchange and Redemption Agreements as more fully discussed in Notes 11 and 12. 

2019
Debentures 

During
2019, the Company closed various offerings of the 2019 Debentures with principal balances, including late-payment penalties, aggregating
 million. The 2019 Debentures, which were due, as amended, on December 31, 2019, were non-convertible. On November 7, 2021, the Company
and the debenture holders exchanged the full million principal balance, including the late-payment penalties, of the 2019 Debentures
and million of associated accrued interest for shares of the Company s Series P Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the
 Series P Preferred Stock under the terms of Exchange and Amendment Agreements (the November 2021 Exchange Agreements ).
Mr. Diamantis is also a party to the November 2021 Exchange Agreements as he was a guarantor of one of the promissory notes that was
included in the exchange. The November 2021 Exchange Agreements are also discussed in Notes 11 and 12. 

October
2022 Debentures 

On
October 12, 2022, the Company issued non-convertible, non-interest bearing debentures to institutional investors in the amount of ,
including of original issue discounts, for net proceeds of . These debentures were due by their initial terms on February
12, 2023 and are secured by a portion of the Company s investment in InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded of non-cash interest expense in connection with these debentures. On December 15, 2022,
the Company and the institutional investors agreed to revise the repayment terms of these debentures as follows: (i) payment of 
on December 15, 2022; and (ii) monthly payments of due by the 12 th day of January, February, March and April 2023.
The Company has made all required payments to date. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred interest expense on debentures totaling million and million,
respectively, of which was amortization of original issue discount in 2022 and the remainder in both 2022 and 2021 was default
interest. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest on debentures was million and million, respectively. 

See
Notes 3, 8 and 12 for a discussion of the dilutive effect of the outstanding convertible debentures, and warrants as of
December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded 
million and 
million of deemed dividends as a result of the down round provisions of warrants and debentures as more fully discussed in Notes 2
and 11. 

million for services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and Alcimede Limited and Alcimede LLC billed an aggregate of 
million for services for the year ended December 31, 2021. Seamus Lagan, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer,
is the sole manager of Alcimede LLC and the Managing Director of Alcimede Limited (also see Note 12). 

InnovaQor 

In
addition to the investment in InnovaQor s Series B-1 Preferred Stock resulting from the sale of HTS and AMSG to InnovaQor in
June 2021 (see Notes 1 and 15), at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a promissory note receivable/related party receivable
resulting from working capital advances to InnovaQor of 
million and 
million, respectively. 

As
of July 1, 2022, the Company had an outstanding related party receivable from InnovaQor of . InnovaQor signed a promissory note,
dated July 1, 2022, in favor of the Company that provided that InnovaQor repay the Company on December 31, 2022 (inclusive of
 original issue discount). Effective December 31, 2022, the Company and InnovaQor agreed to restructure the promissory note in favor
of the Company in the amount of and additional monies owed in the amount of for a new promissory note with a principal
amount of (inclusive of of original issue discount) and a maturity date of except that InnovaQor
will pay of any capital it receives from new capital secured prior to the maturity date. The Note, in the event of default, bears
interest at per annum. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized original issue discounts totaling million
as interest income. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company contracted with InnovaQor to provide ongoing health information
technology-related services totaling approximately 
million and 
million, respectively. In addition, InnovaQor currently subleases office space from the Company at a cost of approximately 
per month for rent and utilities. 

Between January 1, 2023 and March 31, 2023, the Company
advanced million to InnovaQor to finance its working capital requirements. 

Staff
Accountant Loan 

During
2020, the Company s staff accountant, Ms. Kristi Dymond, received approximately as a loan after she purchased certain land
and buildings at auction in Jellico, Tennessee, that were attached to or related to the Company s business there. The loan is secured
by the property and as long as the loan remains outstanding the Company is permitted the use of the assets and the assets remain security
for the loan. The loan is reflected on the balance sheets as an other current asset. 

The
terms of the foregoing activities, and those discussed in Notes 8 and 12 are not necessarily indicative of those that would have been
agreed to with unrelated parties for similar transactions. 

Finance lease 
 Property and equipment, net 
 - 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities: 

Current: 

Operating leases 
 Right-of-use operating lease obligations 

Finance lease 
 Current liabilities 

Noncurrent: 

Operating leases 
 Right-of-use operating lease obligations 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining term: 

Operating leases 
 
 years 
 years 
 
 Finance lease (1) 
 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance lease 

Total lease expense 

Other
Information 

Operating cash flows for finance lease 
 - 
 - 
 
 Financing cash flows for finance lease payments 
 - 

(1) 
 million are deemed to be immediately due. 

(2) 

2024 
 
 - 
 
 2025 
 
 - 
 
 2026 
 - 
 - 
 
 2027 
 - 
 - 
 
 Thereafter 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

Less interest 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

Less current portion of lease obligations 

Lease obligations, net of current portion 
 
 - 

Embedded conversion option of debenture 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 

As of December 31, 2022: 

InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 

Embedded conversion option of debenture 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 

The
fair value of the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock of million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is more fully discussed in Note
15. 

Derivative Financial Instrument 

The
Company utilized the following method to value its derivative liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for an embedded conversion option
related to an outstanding convertible debenture valued at . The Company determined the fair value by comparing the conversion
price per share, which based on the conversion terms is of the market price of the Company s common stock, multiplied by the
number of shares issuable at the balance sheet dates to the actual price per share of the Company s common stock multiplied by
the number of shares issuable at that date with the difference in value recorded as a liability. There was change in the value of
the embedded conversion option in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as there was change in the conversion price terms during
the periods. 

Deemed
Dividends 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the conversions of preferred stock triggered a further reduction in the exercise prices
of warrants (and conversion prices of certain debentures in the 2021 period) containing down round provisions. In accordance with
U.S. GAAP, the incremental fair value of the warrants (and certain debentures in the 2021 period), as a result of the decreases in
the exercise/conversion prices, was measured using Black Scholes valuation models. The following assumptions were utilized in the
Black Scholes valuation models for the year ended December 31, 2022: risk free rates ranging from 
to 
 , volatility ranging from 
to 
 and terms ranging from 
to 
years. The following assumptions were utilized in the Black Scholes valuation models for the year ended December 31, 2021: risk free
rates ranging from 
to ,
volatility ranging from 
to 
and terms ranging from to . Based on the Black Scholes valuations, the incremental value of modifications to warrants (and debentures in the 2021
period) as a result of the down round provisions of 
million and 
million were recorded as deemed dividends during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Deemed
dividends of million were recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of the issuance of warrants to acquire 
shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the exchange of Series M Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series
M Preferred Stock into the Company s common stock, as more fully discussed in Note 12. The fair value of the warrants at
issuance was calculated using the Black Scholes valuation model using the following assumptions: risk free rate of , volatility
of and a term of . 

The
Company extended certain common stock warrants during the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in deemed dividends of million.
The fair value of million was determined using the Black Scholes valuation model using the following assumptions: risk free rate
of , volatility of and a term of . In addition, deemed dividends of million were recorded in the year ended
December 31, 2021 as a result of the extension of warrants issued with the March 2017 Debentures per the terms of the November 2021 Exchange
Agreements, which are more fully discussed in Note 12. The fair value of these warrants was determined using the Black Scholes valuation
model with the following assumptions: risk free rates ranging from to , volatility ranging from to and an extension
term of years. 

Deemed
dividends of million were recorded in the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of the issuances of shares of our Series P Preferred
Stock. Deemed dividends of million and million were recorded in the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of the issuances
of the Series O Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series O Preferred Stock and the Series P Preferred Stock,
respectively. Deemed dividends recorded in connection with the issuances of preferred stock are more fully discussed in Note 12. Deemed
dividends are also discussed in Notes 2 and 3. 

authorized shares of Common Stock at a par value of per share and authorized shares of
Preferred Stock at a par value of per share. 

Preferred
Stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding shares of preferred stock consisting of shares of its Series H Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series H Preferred Stock ), shares of its Series L Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series L Preferred
Stock ), shares of its Series M Preferred Stock, shares of its Series N Preferred Stock, shares of
its Series O Preferred Stock and shares of its Series P Preferred Stock. The Company s outstanding shares of preferred
stock do not contain mandatory redemption or other features that would require them to be presented on the balance sheet outside of equity
and, therefore, they qualify for equity accounting treatment. As a result of the equity accounting treatment, fair value accounting is
not required in connection with the issuances of the stock and no gains, losses or derivative liabilities have been recorded in connection
with the preferred stock. 

Series
F Preferred Stock 

On
September 27, 2022, the Company s then outstanding 
shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock that were issued on September 27, 2017 in connection with the acquisition of Genomas,
Inc. and originally valued at were
mandatorily converted into one share of the Company s common stock in accordance with their terms. 

Series
H Preferred Stock 

Each
of the shares of the Series H Preferred Stock has a stated value of per share and is convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price of of the volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock at the time of conversion. 

Series
L Preferred Stock 

The
Series L Preferred Stock is held by Alcimede LLC and has a stated value of per share. The Series L Preferred Stock is not entitled
to receive any dividends. Each share of the Series L Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at
a conversion price equal to the average closing price of the Company s common stock on the ten trading days immediately prior to
the conversion date. On December 31, 2022, the Series L Preferred Stock was convertible into approximately billion shares of the
Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share. 

Series
M Preferred Stock 

On
June 30, 2020, the Company and Mr. Diamantis entered into an exchange agreement wherein Mr. Diamantis agreed to the extinguishment of
the Company s indebtedness to him totaling million, including accrued interest on that date, in exchange for shares
of the Company s Series M Preferred Stock with a par value of per share and a stated value of per share. See Note
8 for a discussion of the Company s indebtedness to Mr. Diamantis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
terms of the Series M Preferred Stock include: (i) each share of the Series M Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock at a conversion price equal to of the average closing price of the Company s common stock on the ten trading days
immediately prior to the conversion date but in any event not less than the par value of the Company s common stock; (ii) dividends
at the rate per annum of of the stated value per share shall accrue on each outstanding share of Series M Preferred Stock from and
after the date of the original issuance of such share of Series M Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of
any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization). The dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether
or not declared, and shall be cumulative and non-compounding; provided , however , that such dividend shall be payable only
when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors and the Company shall be under no obligation to pay such dividends. No cash dividends
shall be paid on the Company s common stock unless the dividends are paid on the Series M Preferred Stock; and (iii) each holder
of the Series M Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of the Company s common
stock. Regardless of the number of shares of Series M Preferred Stock outstanding and so long as at least one share of Series M Preferred
Stock is outstanding, the outstanding shares of Series M Preferred Stock shall have the number of votes, in the aggregate, equal to 
of all votes entitled to be voted at any meeting of stockholders or action by written consent. Each outstanding share of the Series M
Preferred Stock shall represent its proportionate share of the 51 allocated to the outstanding shares of Series M Preferred Stock in
the aggregate. The Series M Preferred Stock shall vote with the common stock and any other voting securities as if they were a single
class of securities. On August 13, 2020, Mr. Diamantis entered into a Voting Agreement and Irrevocable Proxy with the Company, Mr. Lagan
and Alcimede LLC (of which Mr. Lagan is the sole manager) pursuant to which Mr. Diamantis granted an irrevocable proxy to Mr. Lagan to
vote the Series M Preferred Stock held by Mr. Diamantis. Mr. Diamantis has retained all other rights under the Series M Preferred Stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Mr. Diamantis converted a total of 
shares of his Series M Preferred Stock with a stated value of 
million into 
shares of the Company s common stock. On August 27, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Mr. Diamantis.
Pursuant to the exchange agreement, Mr. Diamantis exchanged 
shares of his Series M Preferred Stock with a stated value of approximately 
million for 
shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase 
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 
per share. The Company recorded 
million of deemed dividend in the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of the issuance of the warrants. The initial fair value
was calculated using the Black Scholes valuation model as more fully discussed in Note 11. The warrants have a 
 three -year term and, as of December 31, 2022, are exercisable into 
billion shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 
per share as a result of down-round provision features. On December 31, 2022, shares
of Series M Preferred Stock remained outstanding and were convertible into billion
shares of the Company s common stock. 

Series
N Preferred Stock 

The
Company s Board of Directors has designated shares of the shares of authorized preferred stock as the Series N
Preferred Stock. Each share of Series N Preferred Stock has a stated value of . On August 31, 2020, the Company and its debenture
holders exchanged, under the terms of Exchange, Redemption and Forbearance Agreements, certain outstanding debentures and all of the
then outstanding shares of the Company s Series I-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and Series I-2 Convertible Preferred Stock for
 shares of the Company s Series N Preferred Stock. 

The
terms of the Series N Preferred Stock include: (i) each share of the Series N Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock determined by
dividing the stated value of such share of Series N Preferred Stock, plus any accrued declared and unpaid dividends, by the conversion
price; (ii) the conversion price is equal to of the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days immediately prior to the conversion date;
(iii) dividends at the rate per annum of of the stated value per share shall accrue on each outstanding share of Series N Preferred
Stock from and after the date of the original issuance of such share of Series N Preferred Stock (the Series N Preferred Accruing
Dividends ). The Series N Preferred Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative
and non-compounding; provided , however , that such Series N Preferred Accruing Dividends shall be payable only when, as,
and if declared by the Board of Directors. No cash dividends shall be paid on the common stock unless the Series N Preferred Accruing
Dividends are paid; and (iv) except as provided below or by law, the Series N Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as
long as any shares of Series N Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series N Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights
given to the Series N Preferred Stock or alter or amend the Certificate of Designation, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or
other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders, (c) increase the number of authorized shares
of the Series N Preferred Stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the holders converted shares and shares, respectively, of their Series
N Preferred Stock with a stated value of million and million, respectively, into billion and million shares, respectively,
of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the holders had converted a total of 27,535,21 shares of their Series N
Preferred Stock, with a stated value of million, into billion shares of the Company s common stock. On December 31,
2022, shares of Series N Preferred Stock remained outstanding and were convertible into billion shares of the Company s
common stock. 

Series
O Preferred Stock 

On
May 10, 2021, the Company closed an offering of shares of its newly-authorized Series O Preferred Stock. The offering was pursuant to
the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021 (the Purchase Agreement ), between the Company
and certain existing institutional investors of the Company. The Purchase Agreement provided for the issuance of up to shares of
Series O Preferred Stock at four closings of shares each. The four closings occurred on May 10, 2021, May 18, 2021, July 12, 2021
and August 10, 2021. 

The
Company entered into a second Securities Purchase Agreement (the Second Purchase Agreement ), dated as of September 7, 2021,
between the Company and certain existing institutional investors of the Company. The Second Purchase Agreement provided for the issuance
of up to shares of the Series O Preferred Stock at two closings of shares each. The two closings under the Second Purchase
Agreement occurred in September 2021. 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company entered into a third Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2021 (the Third Purchase
Agreement ), among the Company and certain existing institutional investors of the Company. The Third Purchase Agreement provided
for the issuance of up to shares of the Company s Series O Preferred Stock at two closings of shares each. The two
closing under the Third Purchase Agreement occurred on October 28, 2021 and December 1, 2021. 

As
a result, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 
shares of its Series O Preferred Stock and it received proceeds of 
million. No shares of Series O Preferred Stock were issued during 2022. Each share of the Series O Preferred Stock has a stated
value of .
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded 
million of deemed dividends as a result of the issuances of shares of its Series O Preferred Stock. The deemed dividends resulted
from the difference between the stated value of the shares of Series O Preferred Stock issued and the proceeds received, as well as
the 
conversion price discount. 

The
terms of the Series O Preferred Stock include: (i) each share of the Series O Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock determined by
dividing the stated value of such share of Series O Preferred Stock, plus any accrued declared and unpaid dividends, by the conversion
price; (ii) the conversion price is equal to of the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days immediately prior to the conversion date;
(iii) dividends at the rate per annum of of the stated value per share shall accrue on each outstanding share of Series O Preferred
Stock from and after the date of the original issuance of such share of Series O Preferred Stock (the Series O Preferred Accruing
Dividends ). The Series O Preferred Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative
and non-compounding; provided , however , that such Series O Preferred Accruing Dividends shall be payable only when, as,
and if declared by the Board of Directors. No cash dividends shall be paid on the common stock unless the Series O Preferred Accruing
Dividends are paid; and (iv) except as provided below or by law, the Series O Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as
long as any shares of Series O Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series O Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights
given to the Series O Preferred Stock or alter or amend the Certificate of Designation, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or
other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders, (c) increase the number of authorized shares
of the Series O Preferred Stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the holders converted shares of their Series O Preferred Stock with a stated value of 
million into billion shares of the Company s common stock. On December 31, 2022, shares of Series O Preferred Stock
remained outstanding and were convertible into billion shares of the Company s common stock. 

Series
P Preferred Stock 

On
November 7, 2021, the Company entered into Exchange and Amendment Agreements (the November 2021 Exchange Agreements with
certain institutional investors in the Company wherein the investors agreed to reduce their holdings of 
 million principal value of then outstanding warrant
promissory notes payable and 
 million of then outstanding 2019 Debentures,
plus accrued interest thereon of 
 million, by exchanging the indebtedness and accrued
interest for 
 shares of the Company s Series P Preferred
Stock. (Debentures are more fully discussed in Note 8). Each share of the Series P Preferred Stock has a stated value of .
In addition, pursuant to the November 2021 Exchange Agreements, the expiration dates of the March Warrants that were issued by the Company
to the debenture holders in March 2017 were extended from March 21, 2022 to March 21, 2024, as more fully described below under the heading
 Common Stock Warrants and in Note 11. 

On
March 11, 2022, under the terms of a securities purchase agreement dated January 31, 2022, the Company issued to the institutional
investors an additional 
shares of its Series P Preferred Stock for aggregate proceeds of 
million. On April 1, 2022, the Company issued an additional 
shares of its Series P Preferred Stock and received proceeds of 
million. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded 
million and 
million, respectively, of deemed dividends as a result of the issuances of shares of its Series P Preferred Stock. The deemed
dividends resulted from the difference between the stated value of the shares of Series P Preferred Stock issued and the proceeds
received, as well as the 
conversion price discount. 

The
terms of the Series P Preferred Stock include: (i) each share of the Series P Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock determined by
dividing the stated value of such share of Series P Preferred Stock, plus any accrued declared and unpaid dividends, by the conversion
price; (ii) the conversion price is equal to of the lowest VWAP during the 10 trading days immediately prior to the conversion date;
(iii) dividends at the rate per annum of of the stated value per share shall accrue on each outstanding share of Series P Preferred
Stock from and after the date of the original issuance of such share of Series P Preferred Stock (the Series P Preferred Accruing
Dividends ). The Series P Preferred Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative
and non-compounding; provided , however , that such Series P Preferred Accruing Dividends shall be payable only when, as,
and if declared by the Board of Directors. No cash dividends shall be paid on the common stock unless the Series P Preferred Accruing
Dividends are paid; and (iv) except as provided below or by law, the Series P Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as
long as any shares of Series P Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Company shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority of the then outstanding shares of the Series P Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights
given to the Series P Preferred Stock or alter or amend the Certificate of Designation, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or
other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders, (c) increase the number of authorized shares
of the Series P Preferred Stock, or (d) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

On
December 31, 2022, shares of the Company s Series P Preferred Stock were outstanding and were convertible into 
billion shares of the Company s common stock. 

- 

Conversion of Series F Preferred Stock into common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuances of Series P Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Series M Preferred Stock into common stock 
 - 
 - 

Conversions of Series M Preferred Stock into common stock, Shares 
 - 
 - 

Exchange of Series M Preferred Stock for common stock 
 - 
 - 

Exchange of Series M Preferred Stock for common stock, Shares 
 - 
 - 

Conversions of Series N Preferred Stock into common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversions of Series O Preferred Stock into common
 stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2022 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Series
 H 
 Series
 F 
 Series
 L 
 Series
 M 
 Series
 N 
 Series
 O 
 Series
 P 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Beginning balance 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuances of Series O Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of Series P Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exchange of Series M Preferred Stock for common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversion of Series M Preferred Stock into common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Conversions of Series N Preferred Stock into common
 stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Ending balance 
 
 - 

Common
Stock 

The
Company had billion and million shares of its common stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued one share of its common stock upon the conversion of shares of
its Series F Preferred Stock, billion shares of its common stock upon the conversions of shares of its Series N Preferred
Stock and billion shares of its common stock upon conversions of shares of its Series O Preferred Stock. During the year
ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock upon the conversion of shares of its Series M Preferred
Stock, shares of its common stock upon the exchange of shares of its Series M Preferred Stock and million shares of its
common stock upon the conversions of shares of its Series N Preferred Stock. 

The
Company has outstanding options, warrants, convertible preferred stock and convertible debentures. Exercise of the outstanding options
and warrants, and conversions of the convertible preferred stock and debentures could result in substantial dilution of the Company s
common stock and a decline in the market price of the common stock. In addition, the terms of certain of the warrants, convertible preferred
stock and convertible debentures issued by the Company provide for reductions in the per share exercise prices of the warrants and the
per share conversion prices of the debentures and preferred stock (if applicable and subject to a floor in certain cases), in the event
that the Company issues common stock or common stock equivalents (as that term is defined in the agreements) at an effective exercise/conversion
price that is less than the then exercise/conversion prices of the outstanding warrants, preferred stock or debentures, as the case may
be. These provisions, as well as the issuances of debentures and preferred stock with conversion prices that vary based upon the price
of our common stock on the date of conversion, have resulted in significant dilution of the Company s common stock and have given
rise to reverse splits of its common stock, including the Reverse Stock Splits, which are more fully discussed in Note 1. 

On
August 13, 2020, Mr. Diamantis entered into the Voting Agreement with the Company, Mr. Lagan and Alcimede LLC (of which Mr. Lagan is
the sole manager) pursuant to which Mr. Diamantis granted an irrevocable proxy to Mr. Lagan to vote the Series M Preferred Stock held
by Mr. Diamantis. Mr. Diamantis has retained all other rights under the Series M Preferred Stock. Regardless of the number of shares
of Series M Preferred Stock outstanding and so long as at least one share of Series M Preferred Stock is outstanding, the outstanding
shares of Series M Preferred Stock shall have the number of votes, in the aggregate, equal to 51 of all votes entitled to be voted at
any meeting of stockholders or action by written consent. This means that the holders of Series M Preferred Stock have sufficient votes,
by themselves, to approve or defeat any proposal voted on by the Company s stockholders, unless there is a supermajority required
under applicable law or by agreement. 

As
a result of the Voting Agreement discussed above and the November 5, 2021 Amendment to the Company s Certificate of
Incorporation, as amended, to provide that the number of authorized shares of the Company s common stock or preferred stock
may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority in voting power of the stock of the Company, which is more fully discussed in Note 1, as of the date of filing this report,
the Company believes that it has the ability to ensure that it has and or can obtain sufficient authorized shares of its common
stock to cover all outstanding rights to acquire potentially dilutive common shares. 

Stock
Options 

The
Company maintained and sponsored the Tegal Corporation 2007 Incentive Award Equity Plan (the 2007 Equity Plan ). Tegal Corporation
is the prior name of the Company. The 2007 Equity Plan, as amended, provided for the issuance of stock options and other equity awards
to the Company s officers, directors, employees and consultants. The 2007 Equity Plan terminated in September 2017. The following
table summarizes the stock option activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Granted 
 - 

Expired 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 

Expired 
 - 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining contractual life was years for options outstanding and exercisable. The intrinsic
value of options exercisable at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . As of December 31, 2022, there was no remaining compensation expense
as all of the outstanding options had fully vested as of December 31, 2019. 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
Stock Warrants 

The
Company, as part of various debt and equity financing transactions, has issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock exercisable into a total of billion shares at December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of
the anti-dilution provisions of outstanding warrants, the exercise prices of certain warrants decreased and they became exercisable into
an additional billion shares of the Company s common stock. Certain of these warrants were issued in connection with the
issuances of the debentures. Debentures are more fully discussed in Note 8. 

Included
in the warrants outstanding at December 31, 2021 were the March Warrants issued in connection with the March 2017 Debentures. The Company
issued these warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock to several accredited investors. At December 31, 2022, these
warrants were exercisable into an aggregate of approximately billion shares of the Company s common stock. The March Warrants
were issued to the investors in three tranches, Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants and Series C Warrants. At December 31, 2022, the
Series A Warrants were exercisable for billion shares of the Company s common stock. They were exercisable upon issuance
and had an initial term of exercise equal to . At December 31, 2022, the Series B Warrants were exercisable for billion
shares of the Company s common stock and were exercisable, prior to their extension discussed below, until March 21, 2022. At December
31, 2022, the Series C Warrants were exercisable for billion shares of the Company s common stock and had an initial term
of provided such warrants shall only vest if, when and to the extent that the holders exercise the Series B Warrants. On November
7, 2021, the expiration dates of the March Warrants were extended to in connection with the November 2021 Exchange Agreements.
At December 31, 2022, the Series A, Series B and Series C Warrants each have an exercise price of per share, which reflects
adjustments pursuant to their terms. The March Warrants are subject to full ratchet and other customary anti-dilution protections. 

Deemed
Dividends 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, reductions in the exercise prices of the March Warrants and the extensions of warrants, including
the extension of the March Warrants, have given rise to deemed dividends. Deemed dividends have also been recorded as a result of the
issuance of warrants. See Note 11 for the assumptions used in the calculations of these deemed dividends. Deemed dividends are also discussed
under the heading Preferred Stock above and in Notes 2, 3 and 11. 

Shares
of Common Stock Issuable Under Outstanding Warrants 

The
number of shares of common stock issuable under warrants issued and outstanding as well as the exercise prices of the warrants reflected
in the table below have been adjusted to reflect the full ratchet and other dilutive and down round provisions pursuant to the warrant
agreements. As a result of the full down round provisions of the majority of the outstanding warrants (subject to a floor in some cases),
subsequent issuances of the Company s common stock or common stock equivalents at prices below the then current exercise prices
of the warrants have resulted in increases in the number of shares issuable pursuant to the warrants and decreases in the exercise prices
of the warrants. 

Issuance of warrants 

Increase in number of shares of common stock issuable under warrants during the period as a result of down round provisions 
 
 - 
 
 Expiration of warrants 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issuance of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expiration of warrants 

Increase in number of shares of common stock issuable under warrants during the period as a result of down round provisions 
 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

The
 warrants issued during the year ended December 31, 2021 were issued pursuant to an exchange agreement with the holder of the Series
M Preferred Stock as more fully discussed above under the heading, Series M Preferred Stock. 

See
above and Notes 2, 3 and 11 for a discussion of the dilutive effect on the Company s common stock as a result of the
outstanding warrants. 

State 

Total Current 

Deferred 

Federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 State 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total Deferred 
 - 
 - 

Provision for income taxes 

Permanent and other items 

Federal income taxes audit and other adjustments 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management evaluates
whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences
become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning
strategies in making this assessment. Based on Management s evaluation, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset
will not be realized and as such a valuation allowance has been recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Charitable contributions 

Stock options 

Accrued liabilities 

HHS Provider Relief Funds 
 
 - 
 
 Employee retention credit 

HTS and AMSG basis difference 

Deferred state tax asset 

Total deferred income tax
 assets 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 
 () 

Deferred tax asset, net 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Management
has reviewed the provisions regarding assessment of its valuation allowance on deferred tax assets and based on that criteria determined
that it should record a valuation allowance of million and million against its net deferred tax assets as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has federal net operating loss carryforwards totaling approximately million generated since
2016. It also has various state net operating loss carryforwards that The Company believes that a Section
382 limitation may exist for a portion of its net operating losses but at this time has not identified to which losses these limitations
would relate. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the U.S. Congress approved the CARES Act, which allows a five-year carryback privilege for federal
net operating tax losses that arose in a tax year beginning in 2018 and through 2020. As a result, during the year ended December 31,
2020, the Company recorded approximately 
 million in refunds from the carryback of certain
of its federal net operating losses. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received income tax refunds of 
 million, which represented income tax refunds
associated with the CARES Act. The Company used the 
 million of refunds that it received in 2021 to
repay a portion of the amount that it owes for federal tax liabilities that arose from the Company s 2015 federal income tax audit. At December
31, 2022, the Company had federal income tax receivables of 
 million and federal tax liabilities of
 
 million and it had state tax liabilities totaling
 
 million. 

The
Company recognizes the consolidated financial statement impact of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority
would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than not threshold,
the amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements is the largest benefit that has a of
being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. 

The
Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and the states of Florida, North Carolina, New Mexico, New Jersey,
California, Kentucky and Tennessee. The tax regulations within each jurisdiction are subject to interpretation of related tax laws and
regulations and require significant judgment to apply. 

Legal
Matters 

From
time to time, the Company may be involved in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations and proceedings related to contractual disputes,
employment matters, regulatory and compliance matters, intellectual property rights and other litigation arising in the ordinary course
of business. The Company operates in a highly regulated industry which may inherently lend itself to legal matters. Management is aware
that litigation has associated costs and that results of adverse litigation verdicts could have a material effect on the Company s
financial position or results of operations. The Company s policy is to expense legal fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the legal proceedings in the period in which the expense is incurred. Management, in consultation with legal counsel, has addressed
known assertions and predicted unasserted claims below. 

Biohealth
Medical Laboratory, Inc. and PB Laboratories, LLC (the Companies filed suit against CIGNA Health in 2015 alleging that
CIGNA failed to pay claims for laboratory services the Companies provided to patients pursuant to CIGNA - issued and CIGNA - administered
plans. In 2016, the U.S. District Court dismissed part of the Companies claims for lack of standing. The Companies appealed that
decision to the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals, which in late 2017 reversed the District Court s decision and found that the
Companies have standing to raise claims arising out of traditional insurance plans as well as self-funded plans. In July 2019, the Companies
and EPIC filed suit against CIGNA Health for failure to pay claims for laboratory services provided. Cigna Health, in turn, sued for
alleged improper billing practices. The suit remains ongoing but because the Company did not have the financial resources to see the
legal action to conclusion it assigned the benefit, if any, from the suit to Mr. Diamantis for his financial support to the Company and
assumption of all costs to carry the case to conclusion. 

On
September 27, 2016, a tax warrant was issued against the Company by the Florida Department of Revenue (the DOR for unpaid
2014 state income taxes in the approximate amount of million, including penalties and interest. The Company entered into a Stipulation
Agreement with the DOR allowing the Company to make monthly installments until July 2019. The Company has made payments to reduce the
amount owed. The balance accrued of approximately million remained outstanding to the DOR at December 31, 2022. 

On
December 7, 2016, the holders of the Tegal Notes (see Note 8) filed suit against the Company seeking payment for the amounts due under
the notes in the aggregate principal balance of , and accrued interest of . A request for entry of default judgment was
filed on January 24, 2017. On April 23, 2018, the holders of the Tegal Notes received a judgment against the Company. As of December
31, 2022, the Company has repaid of the principal amount of these notes. 

The
Company, as well as many of its subsidiaries, were defendants in a case filed in Broward County Circuit Court by TCA Global Credit Master
Fund, L.P. The plaintiff alleged a breach by Medytox Solutions, Inc. of its obligations under a debenture and claimed damages of approximately
 plus interest, costs and fees. The Company and the other subsidiaries were sued as alleged guarantors of the debenture. The
complaint was filed on August 1, 2018. In May 2020, the SEC appointed a Receiver to close down the TCA Global Credit Master Fund, L.P.
The Company and the Receiver entered into a settlement agreement dated effective as of September 30, 2021, under which the Company agreed
to pay as full and final settlement of principal and interest, of which was paid on November 4, 2021 and the As a result of the settlement, the Company recorded a gain from legal settlement of million in the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

On
September 13, 2018, Laboratory Corporation of America sued EPIC, a subsidiary of the Company, in Palm Beach County Circuit Court for
amounts claimed to be owed. The court awarded a judgment against EPIC in May 2019 for approximately . The Company has recorded
the amount owed as a liability as of December 31, 2022. 

In
February 2020, Anthony O Killough sued the Company and Mr. Diamantis, as guarantor, in New York State Supreme Court for the
County of New York, for approximately million
relating to the promissory note issued by the Company in September 2019. In May 2020, the Company, Mr. Diamantis, as guarantor, and
Mr. O Killough entered into a Stipulation providing for a payment of a total of million
(which included accrued penalty interest as of that date) in installments through November 1, 2020. The Company made
payments totaling in
2020. On January 18, 2022, Mr. Diamantis paid and
the remaining balance was due 120 days thereafter. Mr. O Killough agreed to forebear from any further enforcement action until
then. On various dates during the remainder of 2022, Mr. Diamantis made additional payments to Mr. O Killough totaling and
the Company gave Mr. Diamantis for
further payment to Mr. O Killough. As a result of these payments, the past due balance owed to Mr. O Killough was million
on December 31, 2022. The Company is obligated to repay Mr. Diamantis for any payments, plus interest, that he made to Mr.
O Killough. On January 27, 2023, the parties entered into a final settlement wherein the Company and Mr. Diamantis agreed to
settle the obligation in full for .
The promissory note, forbearance agreement and final settlement are also discussed in Notes 8 and 18. 

In
June 2019, CHSPSC, the former owners of Jamestown Regional Medical Center, obtained a judgment against the Company in the amount of
 .
The Company has recorded this judgment as a liability as of December 31, 2022. However, management believes that a number of
insurance payments were made to CHSPSC for services provided after the change of ownership and believes that these payments will
offset portions of the judgment. 

In
August 2019, Morrison Management Specialists, Inc. obtained a judgment against Jamestown Regional Medical Center and the Company in Fentress
County, Tennessee in the amount of in connection with housekeeping and dietary services. The Company has recorded this liability
as of December 31, 2022. 

In November 2019, Newstat, PLLC obtained a
judgment against Big South Fork Medical Center in Knox County, Tennessee in the amount of 
in connection with the provision of medical services. On February 15, 2023, the Company and Newstat agreed to settle the amount
owed for 
in four equal monthly payments of 
beginning February 2023. The Company has made the payments under the settlement agreement to date. The Company has recorded the
 
as a liability as of December 31, 2022. 

On
June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the Tennessee Bureau of Workers Compensation. Per the terms
of the settlement agreement, the Company is obligated to pay a total of , payable in a lump sum payment of on or before
August 15, 2021 and in 24 consecutive monthly payments of each on or before the 15 th day of each month beginning September
15, 2021. The Company made the required payments due during 2022 and 2021 and has recorded the remaining amounts owed as a liability
as of December 31, 2022. 

In
July 2021, WG Fund, Queen Funding and Diesel Funding filed legal actions in New York State Supreme Court for Kings County to recover
amounts claimed to be outstanding on accounts receivable sales agreements entered into in 2020. On September 14, 2021, the Company entered
into separate stipulation of settlement agreements with the three funding parties under which the Company agreed to repay an aggregate
of million in equal monthly payments totaling through January 1, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the settlement amounts were
paid in full. 

A
sealed qui tam lawsuit in the US District Court for the Southern District of Florida against the Company was filed in July 2021.
This lawsuit was unsealed in November 2022 and Clifford Barron disclosed as the Plaintiff-Relator asserting violations of the False
Claims Act. Clifford Barron was an employee of CollabRx, Inc. (a San Francisco based, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) until early
2018. Following his resignation on January 17, 2018, Clifford Barron sought and received a judgment against the Company for approximately
 
 he claimed was owed to him by the CollabRx subsidiary
for severance and payment of COBRA. On receiving the judgment, he collected all monies owed to him under this judgment, including from
the Company s rural healthcare operations in Tennessee with which he was not involved. Payments included approximately 
 secured from hospital operating and other bank
accounts by garnishments initiated by Jonathan Swann Taylor of Taylor Knight, GP, Knoxville Tennessee, on behalf of Clifford Barron
in May 2022. Clifford Barron has not been an employee of any subsidiary of the Company since January 2018, is not involved with the Company
and has no knowledge of the Company s operations, financial status, or controls. On November 21, 2022, the Company was advised
that the U.S. Department of Justice has intervened in the action filed by the Plaintiff-Relator, Clifford Barron and has requested repayment of HHS Provider Relief Funds that certain subsidiaries of the Company
obtained and other relief. The Company has retained the services of a specialist third-party accounting firm to complete a forensic review
of the expenditure of all monies expended since the receipt of HHS Provider Relief Funds. It has been discovered that certain filing
requirements of the Company s operating subsidiaries were incomplete or contained errors that did not accurately reflect the expenditure
of HHS Provider Relief Funds received. The Company disputes the allegations made and believes that the forensic review of funds expended will address the lawsuit and demonstrate adherence with the applicable rules for use of HHS
Provider Relief Funds. Accordingly, no amount has been accrued for this potential liability at
December 31, 2022. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to retain all HHS Provider Relief Funds it has received nor
avoid payment of other relief sought by the Department of Justice. Any requirement to repay a significant amount of HHS Provider Relief
Funds could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

shares of its Series B-1 Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Stock (the InnovaQor
Series B-1 Preferred Stock ), of the shares were issued on June 25, 2021 and of the shares were issued in the third
quarter of 2021 as a result of a post-closing adjustment. Each share of InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock has a stated value of 
and is convertible into that number of shares of InnovaQor common stock equal to the stated value divided by of the average closing
price of the InnovaQor common stock during the 10 trading days immediately prior to the conversion date. Conversion of the InnovaQor
Series B-1 Preferred Stock, however, is subject to the limitation that no conversion can be made to the extent the holder s beneficial
interest (as defined pursuant to the terms of the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock) in the common stock of InnovaQor would exceed
 . The shares of the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock may be redeemed by InnovaQor upon payment of the stated value of the shares
plus any accrued declared and unpaid dividends. 

As
a result of the sale, the Company recorded the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock as a long-term asset valued at million and a
gain on the sale of HTS and AMSG of million in the year ended December 31, 2021. Approximately million of the gain resulted
from the value of the shares of InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock received and million resulted from the transfer to InnovaQor
of the net liabilities of HTS and AMSG. The fair value of the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock that the Company received as consideration
for the sale of million was based on the Option Price Method (the OPM ). The OPM treats common and preferred interests
as call options on the equity value of the subject company, with exercise prices based on the liquidation preference of the preferred
interests and participation thresholds for subordinated classes. The Black Scholes model was used to price the call options. The assumptions
used were: risk free rate of ; volatility of ; and exit period of years. Lastly, a discount rate of was applied due
to the lack of marketability of the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock and the underlying liquidity of InnovaQor s common stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, shares of InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock valued at were used to settle accrued interest
that was due under the terms of notes payable dated January 31, 2021 and February 16, 2021, leaving a balance of the InnovaQor Series
B-1 Preferred Stock held by the Company of million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The notes payable are more fully discussed in
Note 8. 

In
reviewing the fair value of the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock, the Company believes that the value recorded at December 31,
2022 of 
million represents its fair value. In determining fair value, consideration was given to: (i) the variable rate conversion feature
of the InnovaQor Series B-1 Preferred Stock in that changes in the price of the common stock do not affect conversion value; (ii) recent
sales and offering prices by InnovaQor of shares of its common stock; (iii) that InnovaQor is actively seeking additional capital; and
(iv) other considerations that we believe will bolster the underlying liquidity of InnovaQor s common stock. 

See
Note 9 for a discussion of related party transactions between the Company and InnovaQor. 

During
the third quarter of 2020, the Company made a decision to sell EPIC and it made a decision to discontinue several other non-operating
subsidiaries, and as a result, EPIC s operations and the other non-operating subsidiaries liabilities have been included
in discontinued operations for all periods presented. The Company was unable to find a buyer for EPIC and, therefore, it has ceased all
efforts to sell EPIC and closed down its operations. 

Accrued expenses 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

Major
line items constituting (loss) income from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

Consolidated
(Loss) Income from Discontinued Operations: 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue from services 
 - 

Cost of services 
 - 

Gross profit 
 - 

Operating expenses 

Other (expense) income 

Gain from sale 
 - 

Provision for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 (Loss) income from discontinued operations 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of notes payable in settlement of accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 - 

Series F Preferred Stock converted into common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Series M Preferred Stock converted/exchanged into common stock 
 - 

Deemed dividends from issuance of common stock warrants under exchange agreement 
 - 

Series N Preferred Stock converted into common stock 

Series O Preferred Stock converted into common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Deemed dividends from issuances of Series O Preferred Stock 
 - 
 2,000,000 
 
 Issuance of Series P Preferred Stock in exchange for debentures, accrued interest and warrant promissory notes 
 - 

Deemed dividends from exchanges of debt for Series P Preferred Stock 
 - 

Deemed dividends from issuances of Series P Preferred Stock 
 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock of InnovaQor received from the sale of HTS and AMSG 
 - 

Net liabilities of HTS and AMSG transferred to InnovaQor 
 - 

Settlement of liability with InnovaQor preferred stock 
 - 

Deemed dividends from down-round provisions of warrants and debentures 

Deemed dividends from extensions of common stock warrants 
 - 

Non-cash interest income 
 
 - 
 
 Original issue discounts on debt 

shares of its common stock upon conversions of 
shares of its Series N Preferred Stock with a stated value of 
and 
shares of its Series O Preferred Stock with a stated value of . The total potentially dilutive common shares, including outstanding common stock totaled trillion on March 30, 2023. 

O Killough
Note Settlement 

On
January 27, 2023, the Company, Mr. Diamantis and Mr. O Killough entered into a settlement agreement whereby Mr.
O Killough agreed to a one-time payment of 
to satisfy all obligations of the Company and Mr. Diamantis under the terms of a promissory note and forbearance agreement. The
Company provided 
as partial payment towards the settlement and Mr. Diamantis provided 
in connection with a personal guaranty of amounts to Mr. O Killough. The paid to Mr. O Killough by Mr.
Diamantis was added to the balance of loans provided by Mr. Diamantis to the Company. The loans provided by Mr. Diamantis to the Company are also discussed in Note 8. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In
connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management,
with the participation of the chief executive officer, who also functions as our interim chief financial officer, of the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Based
on that evaluation, the Company s management concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of December
31, 2022 because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting discussed in Management s Annual Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, presented below. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
management of the Company is responsible for the preparation of the financial statements and related financial information appearing
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The financial statements and notes have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The management
of the Company is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. A company s internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that: 

Pertain to the maintenance
 of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that
 receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
 Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could
 have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management,
including the chief executive officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent
all error and all fraud. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further,
over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

With
the participation of the chief executive officer, who also functions as our interim chief financial officer, our management evaluated
the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based upon the framework in
Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
In connection with such evaluation, management identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. Insufficient
staffing, accounting processes and procedures led to a lack of contemporaneous documentation supporting the accounting for certain transactions
and the approval of certain cash disbursements. There are risks related to the timing and accuracy of the integration of information
from various accounting systems whereby the Company has experienced delays in receiving information in a timely manner from its subsidiaries.
Based on these material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, management concluded the Company did not maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. We were not required to have, nor have we, engaged our independent registered public accounting firm to perform
an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Commission that permit us to provide only management s
report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

The
Company expects improvements to be made on the integration of information issues during 2023 as we plan to move towards securing a prompt
and accurate reporting system. The Company is continuing to further remediate the material weaknesses identified above. The Company has
taken or is in the process of taking the following steps to remediate these material weaknesses: (i) increasing the staffing of its internal
accounting department; and (ii) implementing enhanced documentation procedures to be followed by the internal accounting department. 

Notwithstanding
such material weakness, management believes that the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present in all
material respects the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods and dates presented. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2022, there was no material change in our internal control over financial reporting that materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 

None 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding
 Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive
 Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth information with respect to persons who are currently serving as directors and executive officers of the Company. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Seamus Lagan 
 
 53 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Interim Chief Financial
 Officer and Director 
 
 Gary L. Blum 
 
 82 
 
 Director 
 
 Trevor Langley 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

All
directors of the Company serve one-year terms and hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective
successors are duly elected and qualified. 

Executive
Officers and Directors Biographies 

Seamus
Lagan was appointed Chief Executive Officer and President and a director of the Company on November 2, 2015 and as Chief Executive
Officer and a director of Medytox Solutions, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Medytox ), effective September
15, 2014. Mr. Lagan served as Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company from September 30, 2016 through May 24, 2017. He was again
appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer effective October 13, 2017, and served through April 8, 2019. Mr. Lagan has also been the Interim
Chief Financial Officer of the Company since May 10, 2019. Mr. Lagan has been, either individually or through Alcimede LLC or Alcimede
Limited, a consultant to Medytox since May 2011. Mr. Lagan has been a manager of Alcimede LLC since its formation in 2007. Alcimede LLC
is a privately-held, Delaware limited liability company which provides various consulting services, including management, organization,
and financial consulting services. Alcimede Limited is a Bahamian company that provides similar consulting services as
Alcimede LLC. Mr. Lagan also currently serves, through Alcimede Limited, as chief executive officer of most of the subsidiaries of the
Company. From September 2008 through May 2011, Mr. Lagan was a private investor. Mr. Lagan graduated from Ballymena Technical College
in Ireland in 1989. 

Gary
L. Blum has served as a director of the Company since October 11, 2017. He established the Law Offices of Gary L. Blum in 1986.
Mr. Blum has served as counsel for a wide variety of closely-held and public companies for over three decades. Prior to becoming an
attorney, he was a tenured professor of philosophy at the University of Nebraska, Omaha. From September 2009 to July 2017, Mr. Blum
served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Thunderclap Entertainment, Inc. (now known as TraqIQ,
Inc.), a company whose business was to develop, produce and distribute low-budget independent feature films. He has also been
Chairman of Diamond Wellness Holdings, Inc. (formerly PotNetwork Holdings, Inc.) since November 2015 and was its Chief Executive
Officer from November 2015 until September 2017. That company is engaged in the development and sales of hemp-derived CBD oil
containing products. 

Trevor
Langley has served as a director of the Company since April 9, 2017. Since 2006, he has been the Owner and Managing Partner of Avanti
Capital Group LLC/Avanti Partners, LLC Avanti ). Avanti assists micro, small and mid-cap publicly traded companies and
those looking to become public by leveraging traditional and new communication technologies with a specialization in healthcare and alternative-energy
markets. Avanti also provides comprehensive consulting services. 

Family
Relationships amongst Directors and Executive Officers 

There
are no family relationships between the executive officers and directors. 

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The
purpose of the audit committee is to review the Company s audited financial statements with management, review the performance
of the Company s independent registered public accountants, approve audit fees and fees for the preparation of the Company s
tax returns, review the Company s internal accounting policies and internal control procedures and consider and appoint the Company s
independent registered public accountants. The audit committee has the authority to engage the services of outside experts and advisors
as it deems necessary or appropriate to carry out its duties and responsibilities. 

The
audit committee charter is available on the Company s website at www.rennovahealth.com by selecting Investors 
and then Corporate Governance from the available options. 

The
audit committee of the Company consists of Trevor Langley and Gary L. Blum. Each member of the audit committee qualifies as independent 
for purposes of membership on audit committees pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. In addition, the Board of Directors
of the Company has determined that Trevor Langley qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined by the rules
and regulations of the SEC. 

Code
of Conduct 

The
Company has adopted a written code of conduct (the Code ), which is applicable to the Board of Directors and officers of
the Company, including, but not limited to the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and all persons
performing similar functions to the foregoing officers of the Company. We intend to post amendments to or waivers from the Code (to the
extent applicable to our Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer or Controller, or persons
performing similar functions) on our website at www.rennovahealth.com. A copy of the Code will be provided to any person free of charge
upon request by writing to Rennova Health, Inc., Attention: Secretary, 400 South Australian Avenue, Suite 800, West Palm Beach, Florida
33401. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that our directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of our stock file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our stock and our other
equity securities. To our knowledge, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations
that no other reports were required, during the year ended December 31, 2022, our directors, executive officers and greater than 10 
beneficial owners complied with all such applicable filing requirements. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 

The
following table sets forth all of the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each individual that served as our principal executive
officer or principal financial officer during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Company did not have any other executive officers
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Nonequity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation (2) 
 Total 

Seamus Lagan 
 2022 (1) 

424,500 
 424,500 
 
 President, CEO, Interim CFO and Director 
 2021 (1) 

387,000 
 387,000 

(1) 
 Mr. Lagan was Interim Chief
 Financial Officer of the Company from September 30, 2016 through May 24, 2017. He was again appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer
 effective October 13, 2017, and served through June 30, 2018. Mr. Lagan has also been the Interim Chief Financial Officer of the
 Company since May 10, 2019. 

(2) 
 All other compensation
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes, for Mr. Lagan, consulting fees of 375,000, an incentive bonus of 37,500 and an automobile
 expense allowance of 12,000. All other compensation for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes, for Mr. Lagan, consulting fees
 of 375,000 and an automobile expense allowance of 12,000. 

OUTSTANDING
EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 

The
following table provides information regarding outstanding equity awards held by the named executive officers at December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Number of shares underlying unexercised options exercisable 
 Number of shares underlying unexercised options unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards; Number of shares underlying unexercised unearned options 
 Option exercise price 
 Option Expiration date 
 Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested 
 Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 
 Seamus Lagan 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 10,000,000 
 3/23/2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

1 
 - 
 - 
 5,000,000 
 3/23/2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

1 
 - 
 - 
 250,000 
 5/2/2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

1 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 7/17/2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

AGREEMENTS
WITH NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Seamus
Lagan 

On
October 1, 2012, Medytox Solutions, Inc. Medytox entered into a consulting agreement with Alcimede LLC, which is controlled
by Mr. Lagan. This agreement replaced and superseded a previous Alcimede consulting agreement. This agreement was originally for three
years, and was then subject to annual renewals thereafter, unless either party gave notice of non-renewal. The agreement provided for
a retainer of 20,000 per month and reimbursement to Alcimede for its out-of-pocket expenses. The parties agreed to cancel the options
issued pursuant to the prior agreement. Under the new agreement, Alcimede was issued 4,500,000 shares of common stock of Medytox and
1,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock of Medytox. In addition, Alcimede received options to purchase (i) 1,000,000 shares of common
stock of Medytox exercisable at 2.50 per share through December 31, 2017, (ii) 1,000,000 shares of common stock of Medytox exercisable
at 5.00 per share through December 31, 2017 and (iii) 1,000,000 shares of common stock of Medytox exercisable at 10.00 a share through
December 31, 2022. On June 29, 2015, Alcimede exercised the option to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock of Medytox at an exercise
price of 2.50 per share. The parties agreed to cancel the remaining options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock of Medytox
at an exercise price of 5.00 per share and 1,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 10.00 per share in connection with
the merger of Medytox with the Company on November 2, 2015. The share amounts and exercise prices in this paragraph are on a pre-merger
basis and do not reflect the reverse splits effected by the Company since the merger. 

Effective
September 11, 2014 and in conjunction with the appointment of Mr. Lagan as our Chief Executive Officer, such consulting agreement with
Alcimede LLC was amended to provide for a monthly retainer of 31,250, and we agreed to provide Mr. Lagan with an automobile. During
the year ended December 31, 2016, Alcimede LLC received a cash bonus of 200,000. On April 1, 2017, Alcimede LLC agreed to a voluntary
reduction in the monthly retainer to 20,833, which was increased back up to 31,250 in April 2018. In September 2020, it was agreed
to pay 100,000 to renew the Alcimede LLC consulting agreement for a three-year period. It was further agreed that this consulting agreement
could be assigned to another entity and that termination of the agreement would trigger a 500,000 payment. On November 1, 2021, that
consulting agreement was replaced by an agreement between the Company and Alcimede Limited, a Bahamian company of which Mr. Lagan is
the Managing Director. The new agreement is for three years and is renewable for one-year periods thereafter. It contains similar terms
as the prior agreement with regard to monthly fees and expense reimbursements. Alcimede Limited received a 37,500 cash bonus during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

Non-executive
directors receive an annual cash retainer of 40,000 and may be granted stock options. We do not pay other directors for Board service
in addition to their regular compensation. The Board has the primary responsibility for considering and determining the amount
of director compensation. 

The
following table shows amounts earned by each non-executive Director in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Director 
 Fees earned or paid in cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Gary L. Blum 
 40,008 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 40,008 
 
 Trevor Langley 
 40,008 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 40,008 

In
December 2022, the Company s two non-executive directors each agreed to a 50,000 cash payment in lieu of accrued director fees
of 115,042 for Mr. Blum and accrued director fees of 140,044 for Mr. Langley. Accordingly, no fees were owed to any director at December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table summarizes certain information regarding the beneficial ownership (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) of our outstanding Common Stock as of March 15, 2023 by (i) each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each
of our executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group. Except as indicated in the footnotes below, the
persons and entities listed below possess sole voting and investment power with respect to their shares. The address of each of our executive
officers and directors is c/o Rennova Health, Inc., 400 South Australian Avenue, Suite 800, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401. All of the
outstanding shares of Series L Convertible Preferred Stock Series L Preferred Stock are owned by Alcimede LLC, of which
Mr. Lagan, our Chief Executive Officer, is the sole manager. Mr. Diamantis owns all of the outstanding Series M Convertible Redeemable
Preferred Stock Series M Preferred Stock and has granted to Mr. Lagan an irrevocable proxy to vote the Series M Preferred
Stock. The conversion of the Series M Preferred Stock is subject to an ownership blocker of 4.99 . 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 No. of Shares of Common Stock Owned 
 Percentage of Ownership (1) 
 
 Seamus Lagan 
 - (2) 
 54.78 (2) 

Gary L. Blum 
 - 
 - 

Trevor Langley 
 - 
 - 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (3 persons) (3) 
 - (2) 
 54.78
 (2) 

Sabby Healthcare Master Fund, Ltd. (4) 
 2,990,438,793 
 9.99 

Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. (4) 
 2,990,438,793 
 9.99 

(1) 
 Based on 29,934,322,257
 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of March 15, 2023, and additional shares deemed to be outstanding as to a particular
 person, in accordance with applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Beneficial ownership
 is determined in accordance with SEC rules to generally include shares of Common Stock subject to options or issuable upon conversion
 of convertible securities or exercise of warrants, and such shares are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person
 holding such options, securities or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. 

(2) 
 Alcimede LLC of which Mr.
 Lagan is the sole manager, owns 250,000 shares of Series L Preferred Stock. As of March 15, 2023, these shares of Series L Preferred
 Stock were convertible into 2,500,000,000 shares of Common Stock. In addition, on August 13, 2020, Mr. Diamantis granted an irrevocable
 proxy to Mr. Lagan to vote the Series M Preferred Stock owned by Mr. Diamantis. As a result, as of March 15, 2023, Mr. Lagan and
 Alcimede LLC owned, or had the right to vote, securities holding 54.78 of the total voting power of the Company s voting securities.
 Because the conversion price of the Series L Preferred Stock is determined based on the market price of the shares of Common Stock,
 the number of shares of Common Stock into which the shares are convertible, and the votes to which the Series L Preferred Stock is
 entitled, will fluctuate. 

(3) 
 Includes Messrs. Lagan,
 Blum and Langley. Alcimede LLC also owns 250,000 shares of Series L Preferred Stock and Mr. Lagan has an irrevocable proxy to vote
 the shares of Series M Preferred Stock owned by Mr. Diamantis, as described in the above footnote. 

(4) 
 Based on Amendment No.
 2 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 22, 2020. The address of each of Sabby Healthcare Master Fund, Ltd. and Sabby Volatility
 Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. is c/o Ogier Fiduciary Services (Cayman) Limited, 89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-9007, Cayman
 Islands. This stockholder has indicated that Hal Mintz has voting and investment power over the shares held by it. This stockholder
 has indicated that Sabby Management, LLC serves as its investment manager, that Hal Mintz is the manager of Sabby Management, LLC
 and that each of Sabby Management, LLC and Hal Mintz disclaims beneficial ownership over these shares except to the extent of any
 pecuniary interest therein. The conversion of the debentures, the Series N Preferred Stock, the Series O Preferred Stock and the
 Series P Preferred Stock and the exercise of the warrants held by these entities are subject to ownership blockers of 9.99 and 4.99 ,
 respectively. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships
 and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Alcimede
LLC, which is controlled by Mr. Lagan, billed the Company an aggregate of 0.4 million and 0.4 million for consulting fees and reimbursement
of expenses pursuant to consulting agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, Alcimede LLC
received a payment of 37,500 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a bonus payment and 100,000 for the year ended 2020 for renewal
and amendment to an existing consulting agreement. On April 2, 2017, Alcimede agreed to a voluntary reduction in the monthly retainer
payable by the Company from 31,250 to 20,833, which was increased back up to 31,250 in April 2018. On February 3, 2015, the Company
borrowed 3.0 million from Alcimede. The note had an interest rate of 6 and was originally due on February 2, 2016. Alcimede later agreed
to extend the maturity date of the loan to August 2, 2017. On June 29, 2015, Alcimede exercised options granted in October 2012 to purchase
shares of common stock, and the loan outstanding was reduced in satisfaction of the aggregate exercise price of 2.5 million. In August
of 2016, 0.3 million was repaid by the Company through the issuance of shares of common stock. In March of 2017, the Company and Mr.
Lagan agreed that a payment made to Alcimede in the amount of 50,000 would be deducted from the outstanding balance of the note. On
August 2, 2017, the Company and Alcimede agreed to further extend the maturity date of the loan to August 2, 2018. On July 20, 2018,
the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to authorize the issuance of up to
250,000 shares of its Series J Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series J Preferred Stock ). On July 23, 2018, the Company
entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Series J Agreement with Alcimede. Pursuant to the Series J Agreement, the Company
issued to Alcimede 250,000 shares of the Series J Preferred Stock in exchange for the cancellation of the outstanding principal and interest
owed by the Company to Alcimede under the Note, dated February 5, 2015, and the cancellation of certain amounts owed by the Company to
Alcimede under a consulting agreement between the parties. The total amount of consideration paid by Alcimede to the Company equaled
 250,000. Each share of the Series J Preferred Stock had a stated value of 1.00 and was entitled to 8 per annum cumulative dividends
at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. On September 27, 2019, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to authorize the issuance of up to 250,000 shares of its Series K Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series K Preferred Stock ). On December 29, 2019, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Series
K Agreement with Alcimede. Pursuant to the Series K Agreement, the Company issued to Alcimede 250,000 shares of the Series K
Preferred Stock in exchange for the 250,000 shares of Series J Preferred Stock. The shares of Series J Preferred Stock were cancelled
and, under the Series K Agreement, Alcimede relinquished all rights to any cumulative dividends on the Series J Preferred Stock. The
terms of the Series K Preferred Stock did not provide for cumulative dividends. On May 4, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to authorize the issuance of up to 250,000 shares of Series L Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series L Preferred Stock ). On May 5, 2020, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement (the Series
L Agreement with Alcimede. Pursuant to the Series L Agreement, the Company issued to Alcimede 250,000 shares of the Series L
Preferred Stock in exchange for the 250,000 shares of Series K Preferred Stock. The shares of Series K Preferred Stock were cancelled.
The Series L Preferred Stock was not convertible prior to December 1, 2020 (as compared to the Series K Preferred Stock which was convertible
immediately) and the Series L Preferred Stock is not entitled to receive any dividends (unlike the Series K Preferred Stock, which was
entitled to share in any dividends payable on the Common Stock). 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Diamantis loaned the Company 1.1 million, which was used by the Company to repay a portion of the
amounts past due for principal and interest under a promissory note, for which Mr. Diamantis is a guarantor. During the year ended December
31, 2021, Mr. Diamantis loaned the Company 0.9 million, the majority of which was used for working capital purposes. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repaid Mr. Diamantis 0.2 million and 0.9 million, respectively. On June 30, 2020, the
Company exchanged the total amount owed to Mr. Diamantis on that date for outstanding loans and accrued interest, net of repayments,
which was approximately 18.8 million, for shares of the Company s Series M Preferred Stock. The Series M Preferred Stock is more
fully discussed below. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred interest expense of 0.1 million and 0.1 million, respectively, on
the loans from Mr. Diamantis. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid 0.4 million of accrued interest owed to Mr.
Diamantis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest on the loans from Mr. Diamantis totaled 0 and 0.3 million, respectively.
Interest accrues on loans from Mr. Diamantis at a rate of 10 on the majority of the amounts loaned. In addition, the Company incurs
interest expense related to the amounts Mr. Diamantis borrows from third-parties to loan to the Company. 

On
June 9, 2020, the Company filed a certificate of designation to authorize 30,000 shares of its Series M Preferred Stock with a stated
value of 1,000 per share. On June 30, 2020, the Company and Mr. Diamantis entered into an exchange agreement wherein Mr. Diamantis agreed
to the extinguishment of the Company s indebtedness to him totaling 18.8 million, including accrued interest, on that date in
exchange for 22,000 shares of the Company s Series M Preferred Stock with a par value of 0.01 per share. As a result of the exchange,
the Company recorded a deemed dividend of approximately 3.2 million in the year ended December 31, 2020, which represented the difference
between the 18.8 million of debt and accrued interest exchanged and the value of the Series M Preferred Stock of 22.0 million. 

The
terms of the Series M Preferred Stock were set forth in the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 16,
2020. In particular: (i) each holder of the Series M Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote on all matters submitted to a vote of
the holders of the Company s common stock. Regardless of the number of shares of Series M Preferred Stock outstanding and so long
as at least one share of Series M Preferred Stock is outstanding, the outstanding shares of Series M Preferred Stock shall have the number
of votes, in the aggregate, equal to 51 of all votes entitled to be voted at any meeting of stockholders or action by written consent.
Each outstanding share of the Series M Preferred Stock shall represent its proportionate share of the 51 allocated to the outstanding
shares of Series M Preferred Stock in the aggregate. The Series M Preferred Stock shall vote with the common stock and any other voting
securities as if they were a single class of securities; (ii) each share of the Series M Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of
the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 90 of the average closing price of the Company s common stock
on the ten trading days immediately prior to the conversion date but in any event not less than the par value of the Company s
common stock; and (iii) dividends at the rate per annum of ten percent (10 of the stated value per share shall accrue on each outstanding
share of Series M Preferred Stock from and after the date of the original issuance of such share of Series M Preferred Stock (subject
to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization). The dividends
shall accrue from day to day, whether or not declared, and shall be cumulative and non-compounding; provided , however ,
that such dividend shall be payable only when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors and the Company shall be under no obligation
to pay such dividends. No cash dividends shall be paid on the Company s common stock unless the dividends are paid on the Series
M Preferred Stock. 

On
August 13, 2020, Mr. Diamantis entered into a Voting Agreement and Irrevocable Proxy with the Company, Mr. Lagan and Alcimede LLC (of
which Mr. Lagan is the sole manager) pursuant to which Mr. Diamantis granted an irrevocable proxy to Mr. Lagan to vote the Series M Preferred
Stock held by Mr. Diamantis. Mr. Diamantis has retained all other rights under the Series M Preferred Stock. 

On
August 27, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Mr. Diamantis. Pursuant to the exchange agreement, Mr. Diamantis
exchanged 570 shares of his Series M Preferred Stock for 9,500 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4,750 shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of 70.00 per share. The warrants have a three-year term and, as of December 31, 2022, are exercisable
into 3.7 billion shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.00009 per share as a result of down-round provision
features. 

On
September 27, 2019, the Company issued a promissory note to a lender in the principal amount of 1.9 million, which was guaranteed
by Mr. Diamantis. The payments due on November 8, 2019 and December 26, 2019 were not made and in February 2020 the lender sued the
Company and Mr. Diamantis. In February 2020, Mr. O Killough sued the Company and Mr. Diamantis, as guarantor, in New York
State Supreme Court for the County of New York, for approximately 2.2 million for non-payment of the promissory note. In May 2020,
the Company, Mr. Diamantis, as guarantor, and Mr. O Killough entered into a Stipulation providing for a payment of a total of
 2.2 million (which included accrued penalty interest as of that date) in installments through November 1, 2020. The
Company made payments totaling 450,000 in 2020. On January 18, 2022, Mr. Diamantis paid 750,000 and the remaining balance was due
120 days thereafter. Mr. O Killough agreed to forebear from any further enforcement action until then. On various dates during
the remainder of 2022, Mr. Diamantis made additional payments to Mr. O Killough totaling 300,000 and the Company gave Mr.
Diamantis 350,000 for further payment to Mr. O Killough. As a result of these payments, the past due balance owed to Mr.
O Killough was 1.1 million on December 31, 2022. The Company is obligated to repay Mr. Diamantis for any payments, plus
interest, that he made to Mr. O Killough. On January 27, 2023, the parties entered into a final settlement wherein the Company
and Mr. Diamantis agreed to settle the obligation in full for 580,000. 

On
November 7, 2021, the Company entered into the Exchange and Amendment Agreements (the November 2021 Exchange Agreements with certain institutional lenders. In the November 2021 Exchange Agreements, the lenders agreed to reduce their holdings of the 4.5
million of outstanding non-convertible debentures, which includes late-payment penalties, plus accrued interest of 1.5 million, by exchanging
the indebtedness and accrued interest for shares of the Company s Series P Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock. Mr. Diamantis
is also a party to the November 2021 Exchange Agreements as he was a guarantor of the September 27, 2019 debenture that was included
in the exchange. 

Director
Independence 

The
Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that each of Gary L. Blum and Trevor Langley is an independent director 
under applicable rules. No director qualifies as independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that the director does not have
a material relationship with the Company that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant
 Fees and Services. 

Effective
September 24, 2018, we engaged Haynie Company Haynie to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm.
The engagement of Haynie was approved by our Audit Committee on January 4, 2022 for the 2021 audit year and December 8, 2022 for the
2022 audit year. The aggregate fees billed for services rendered by Haynie for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 248,000
and 298,625, respectively. 

Description of Services: 
 Fiscal 2022 
 Fiscal 2021 
 
 Audit 
 248,000 
 248,000 
 
 Audit-Related 
 
 50,625 
 
 Tax 

All Other 

Total Fees 
 248,000 
 298,625 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed for audit services related to the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 248,000 and 248,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

In
the fiscal year ended 2021, Haynie billed the Company 50,625 for audits and reviews of the Company s subsidiaries Health Technology Solutions, Inc. and Advanced Molecular Services Group, Inc. 

All
Other Fees 

The
Company incurred no other fees with its principal accountants. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies 

The
Audit Committee has adopted a policy that requires the Audit Committee to approve all audit and permissible non-audit services to be
provided by the independent auditors. The Audit Committee has established a general pre-approval policy for certain audit and non-audit
services, up to a specified amount for each identified service that may be provided by the independent auditors. The Chairman of the
Audit Committee may specifically approve any service within the pre-approved audit and non-audit service category if the fees for such
service exceed the maximum set forth in the policy, as long as the excess fees are not reasonably expected to exceed 50,000. Any such
approval by the Chairman must be reported to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The general pre-approval fee levels for
all services to be provided by the independent auditors are reviewed annually by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee approved all
services provided by Haynie during 2022 and 2021. 

PART
IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial
 Statement Schedules 

Financial
Statements 

See
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Exhibits 

See
EXHIBIT INDEX. 

Item 16 . 
 Form 10-K Summary 

Not
Applicable 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Rennova
 Health, Inc. 

Date: April 17, 2023 
 /s/ Seamus
 Lagan 

Seamus Lagan, Chief Executive Officer, President, and
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Seamus Lagan 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Director, and Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Seamus Lagan 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Trevor Langley 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Trevor Langley 

/s/
 Gary L. Blum 
 
 Director 
 
 April
 17, 2023 
 
 Gary L. Blum 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 29, 2012, by and among Tegal Corporation, CLBR Acquisition Corp., CollabRx, Inc. and CommerceOne, as Stockholders Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 5, 2012). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 15, 2015, by and among Medytox Solutions, Inc., CollabRx, Inc. and CollabRx Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s joint proxy statement/prospectus that was part of the registration statement on Form S-4, filed with the SEC on September 18, 2015). (1) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 14, 2013). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Restated Bylaws of Tegal Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2006). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of CollabRx, Inc., filed November 2, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2015). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2015). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 6, 2015). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Rennova Health, Inc., filed March 9, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 19, 2016). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2015). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 5, 2017). 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2016). 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series H Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 23, 2016). 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Rennova Health, Inc., filed February 22, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2017). 
 
 3.12 
 
 Amended Certificate of Designation for Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.11 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2017). 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Rennova Health, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 20, 2017). 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series I-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.13 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2017). 
 
 3.15 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series I-2 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.14 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 18, 2017). 
 
 3.16 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Rennova Health, Inc., filed May 9, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.15 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2018). 
 
 3.17 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series J Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.16 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 24, 2018). 
 
 3.18 
 
 Amended Certificate of Designation for Series I-2 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.17 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2018). 
 
 3.19 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Rennova Health, Inc., filed September 18, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.18 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 19, 2018). 

3.20 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Rennova Health, Inc., filed November 9, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.19 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2018). 
 
 3.21 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series K Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.21 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 29, 2019). 
 
 3.22 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series L Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.22 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on May 5, 2020). 
 
 3.23 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series M Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.23 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 16, 2020). 
 
 3.24 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Rennova Health, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.24 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020). 
 
 3.25 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series N Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.25 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 
 3.26 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series O Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.26 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021). 
 
 3.27 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Rennova Health, Inc., filed July 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.27 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2021). 
 
 3.28 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series P Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.28 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 
 
 3.29 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Rennova Health, Inc., filed November 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.29 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 
 
 3.30 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Rennova Health, Inc., filed March 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.30 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2015, between Rennova Health, Inc. and Computershare, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 30, 2015). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 7, 2015). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant in connection with the Exchange Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-211515) filed with the SEC on July 12, 2016). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2016, between Rennova Health, Inc. and Computershare, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2016). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.118 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2016). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.124 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2017). 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Series A/B/C Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.134 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2017). 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.137 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2017). 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.141 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 22, 2017). 
 
 4.10 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.146 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 20, 2017). 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of Series A/B/C Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.149 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017). 
 
 4.12 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2020). 

10.1 
 
 2007 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on July 30, 2007). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Employees from the 2007 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2007). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Warrant Transfer Agreement and replacement Warrants dated as of March 31, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Company s Amendment No. 1 to its Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2012). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Warrant Transfer Agreement dated as of March 31, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 27, 2013). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Promissory Note issued by Tegal Corporation on July 12, 2012 to Jay M. Tenenbaum (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2012). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Promissory Note issued by Tegal Corporation on July 12, 2012 to CommerceNet (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2012). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Agreement regarding Termination of Employment, dated April 15, 2015, among CollabRx, Inc., Medytox Solutions, Inc. and Thomas R. Mika (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 17, 2015). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Agreement regarding Termination of Employment, dated April 15, 2015, among CollabRx, Inc., Medytox Solutions, Inc. and Clifford Baron (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 17, 2015). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement among New Sub, CollabRx, Inc. and Thomas R. Mika (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 17, 2015). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement among New Sub, CollabRx, Inc. and Clifford Baron (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 17, 2015). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated May 25, 2011, between Seamus Lagan and Medytox Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to Medytox s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2013). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated October 3, 2011, between Alcimede LLC and Medytox Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Medytox s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2013). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2012, between Alcimede LLC and Medytox Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to Medytox s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2013). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2012, between Medytox Solutions, Inc. and Dr. Thomas F. Mendolia (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to Medytox s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 16, 2013). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Medytox Solutions, Inc. 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medytox s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 19, 2014). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2014, by and among Epinex Diagnostics Laboratories, Inc., Epinex Diagnostics, Inc., Medytox Diagnostics, Inc. and Medytox Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medytox s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2014). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Agreement for the Retirement as CEO and Release of Any and All Claims by and between Medytox Solutions, Inc. and William G. Forhan, dated August 26, 2014, effective as of September 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medytox s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2014). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Amendment to Consulting Agreement, by and between Medytox Solutions, Inc. and Alcimede LLC, dated as of September 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medytox s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2014). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Amendment to the Tegal Corporation 2007 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on July 7, 2011). 

10.20 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2015, between Medytox Solutions, Inc. and Jason P. Adams (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medytox s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 18, 2015). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2015, between Medytox Solutions, Inc. and Sharon Hollis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medytox s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 18, 2015). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, effective September 11, 2015, by and between Medytox Solutions, Inc. and TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Medytox s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 18, 2015). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Guaranty Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Medytox s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 18, 2015). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Security Agreement, effective September 11, 2015, by and between Medytox Solutions, Inc. and TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Medytox s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 18, 2015). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Security Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Medytox s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 18, 2015). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Medytox Solutions, Inc. 2013 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Medytox s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on December 23, 2013). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Amendment to the Tegal Corporation 2007 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-210909) filed with the SEC on April 25, 2016). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated August 1, 2015, between Medytox Solutions, Inc. and Monarch Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.112 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 filed with the SEC on May 17, 2016). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2016, by and between Racine FundingCo., LLC and Rennova Health, Inc., Biohealth Medical Laboratory, Inc. and PB Laboratories, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.114 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on July 7, 2016). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement, dated July 11, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.115 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-211515) filed with the SEC on July 12, 2016). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.116 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2016). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of Note in connection with the Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.117 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2016). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2016, by and among Genomas, Inc., the Sellers set forth in Schedule D thereto, Medytox Diagnostics, Inc. and Rennova Health, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.119 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2016). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Executive Transition and Separation Agreement and General Release, dated September 28, 2016, between Rennova Health, Inc. and Jason Adams (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.120 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2016). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Form of Share Redemption Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.120 of the Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 26, 2016, by and among Pioneer Health Services of Oneida LLC, Pioneer Health Services of Oneida Real Estate LLC, and Rennova Health, Inc., as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2016, and as further amended by Amendment No. 2 to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.121 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2017). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 29, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and Sabby Healthcare Master Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.122 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 30, 2017). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Original Issue Discount Convertible Debenture due May 2, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.123 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2017). 

10.39 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantee between the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto and Sabby Healthcare Master Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.125 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2017). 
 
 10.40 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.126 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2017). 
 
 10.41 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Original Issue Discount Convertible Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.127 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2017). 
 
 10.42 
 
 Form of Security Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.129 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2017). 
 
 10.43 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.130 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2017). 
 
 10.44 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and the investors signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.131 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2017). 
 
 10.45 
 
 Side Letter, dated March 20, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.138 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2017). 
 
 10.46 
 
 Security Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.139 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2017). 
 
 10.47 
 
 Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2017, by Rennova Health, Inc. in favor of TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.140 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2017). 
 
 10.48 
 
 Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2017, between Sabby Management, LLC, as Agent, and TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.141 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2017). 
 
 10.49 
 
 Services Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.142 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2017). 
 
 10.50 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.135 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2017). 
 
 10.51 
 
 Form of Original Issue Discount Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.136 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2017). 
 
 10.52 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.138 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2017). 
 
 10.53 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.139 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 22, 2017). 
 
 10.54 
 
 Form of Original Issue Discount Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.140 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 22, 2017). 
 
 10.55 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.142 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 22, 2017). 
 
 10.56 
 
 Amendment, dated July 10, 2017, among Rennova Health, Inc. and Sabby Healthcare Master Fund, Ltd. and Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.143 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 13, 2017). 
 
 10.57 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.144 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 17, 2017). 
 
 10.58 
 
 Form of Original Issue Discount Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.145 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 17, 2017). 
 
 10.59 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.147 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 17, 2017). 
 
 10.60 
 
 Form of Rennova Health, Inc. 2007 Incentive Award Plan Grant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 21, 2017). 

10.61 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.147 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017). 
 
 10.62 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Original Issue Discount Convertible Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.148 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017). 
 
 10.63 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and the investor signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.150 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017). 
 
 10.64 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of September 19, 2017, by the Subsidiary Guarantors party thereto, in favor of the Purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.156 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2017). 
 
 10.65 
 
 Consent, dated as of September 19, 2017, by TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.157 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2017). 
 
 10.66 
 
 Amendment, dated as of October 16, 2017, among Rennova Health, Inc. and Sabby Healthcare Master Fund, Ltd. and Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.158 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 16, 2017). 
 
 10.67 
 
 Second Amendment, dated as of October 19, 2017, among Rennova Health, Inc. and Sabby Healthcare Master Fund, Ltd. and Sabby Volatility Warrant Master Fund, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.159 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 19, 2017). 
 
 10.68 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and the investor signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.160 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2017). 
 
 10.69 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2017, between Rennova Health, Inc. and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.161 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 3, 2017). 
 
 10.70 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as January 31, 2018, by and among HMA Fentress County General Hospital, LLC, Jamestown HMA Physician Management, LLC, Jamestown TN Medical Center, Inc., CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. and Rennova Health, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.162 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2018). 
 
 10.71 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2018, by and among Rennova Health, Inc. and the purchasers named on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.163 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2018). 
 
 10.72 
 
 Form of Additional Issuance Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.164 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 6, 2018). 
 
 10.73 
 
 Amendment to Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2017, between Racine FundingCo, LLC, on the one hand, and Rennova Health, Inc., Biohealth Medical Laboratory, Inc. and PB Laboratories, LLC, on the other hand, and Christopher Diamantis, as Guarantor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.165 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2018). 
 
 10.74 
 
 Second Amendment to Prepaid Forward Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2018, between Racine FundingCo, LLC, on the one hand, and Rennova Health, Inc., Biohealth Medical Laboratory, Inc. and PB Laboratories, LLC, on the other hand, and Christopher Diamantis, as Guarantor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.166 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2018). 
 
 10.75 
 
 Form of Additional Issuance Agreement, dated as of May 13, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.166 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 14, 2018). 
 
 10.76 
 
 Form of Additional Issuance Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.167 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 21, 2018). 
 
 10.77 
 
 Form of Additional Issuance Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.168 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2018). 
 
 10.78 
 
 Form of Additional Issuance Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.169 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 16, 2018). 
 
 10.79 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2018, between Rennova Health, Inc. and Alcimede LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.170 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 24, 2018). 

10.80 
 
 Series B Warrant Extension Agreement, dated September 14, 2018, between Rennova Health, Inc. and the investors signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.171 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2018). 
 
 10.81 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2019, by and among Jellico Community Hospital, Inc., CarePlus Rural Health Clinic, LLC, Jellico Medical Center, Inc., Community Hospital Corporation and Rennova Health, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.173 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019). 
 
 10.82 
 
 Form of Bridge Debenture Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.173 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2019). 
 
 10.83 
 
 Form of Bridge Debenture Agreement, dated as of June 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.174 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2019). 
 
 10.84 
 
 Form of Bridge Debenture Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.175 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 25, 2019). 
 
 10.85 
 
 Form of Promissory Note, dated September 27, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.176 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2019). 
 
 10.86 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 23, 2019, between Rennova Health, Inc. and Alcimede LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.177 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 27, 2019). 
 
 10.87 
 
 Form of Promissory Note, with Evolve Bank Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 12, 2020). 
 
 10.88 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2020, between Rennova Health, Inc. and Christopher Diamantis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8, 2020). 
 
 10.89 
 
 Voting Agreement and Irrevocable Proxy, dated as of August 13, 2020, by and among Rennova Health, Inc., Seamus Lagan, Alcimede LLC and Christopher Diamantis (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 13, 2020). 
 
 10.90 
 
 Form of Exchange, Redemption and Forbearance Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2020, among Rennova Health, Inc., Christopher Diamantis and the investor signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2020). 
 
 10.91 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2021, among Rennova Health, Inc. and the investors signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11, 2021). 
 
 10.92 
 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2021, between Rennova Health, Inc. and Christopher Diamantis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2021). 
 
 10.93 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 7, 2021, among Rennova Health, Inc. and the investors signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2021). 
 
 10.94 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2021, among Rennova Health, Inc. and the investors signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 28, 2021). 
 
 10.95 
 
 Form of Exchange and Amendment Agreement, dated as of November 7, 2021, among Rennova Health, Inc., Christopher Diamantis and the investor signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021). 
 
 10.96 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 10, 2021 by Rennova Health, Inc. and Jellico Medical Center, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021). 
 
 10.97 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 10, 2021, by Rennova Health, Inc and Scott County Community Hospital, Inc. d/b/a Big South Fork Medical Center (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021). 
 
 10.98 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2022, among Rennova Health, Inc. and the investors signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2022). 
 
 10.99 
 
 Agreement between Alcimede Limited and Rennova Health, Inc. effective as of November 1, 2021(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.99 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2022) 

10.100 
 
 Promissory
 Note between InnovaQor, Inc. (Borrower) and Rennova Health, Inc. (Holder) dated December 31, 2022 (2) 
 
 21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant (2) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Public Accounting Firm Haynie Company (2) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification of the Interim Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (3) 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certification of the Interim Chief Financial Officer (3) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document.
 (2) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. (2) 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. (2) 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. (2) 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. (2) 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. (2) 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Date Title the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document (2) 

(1) 
 The exhibits to the Agreement
 and Plan of Merger have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Rennova Health, Inc. will furnish
 copies of any such schedules and exhibits to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

(2) 
 Filed herewith 

(3) 
 Furnished herewith 

Management contract for
 compensatory plan or arrangement. 

<EX-10.100>
 2
 ex10-100.htm

Exhibit
10.100 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

1,457,253.00 
 December
 31 st 2022 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned, InnovaQor, Inc. (the Borrower ), hereby promises to pay to the order of Rennova
Health, Inc. (the Holder or Rennova ), the principal amount of One Million Four Hundred and Fifty Seven Thousand,
Two Hundred and Fifty Three dollars on June 30 th , 2023 (Maturity date). 

Whereas.
InnovaQor, Inc. is a fully reporting company and has an effective Reg A registration statement that it intends to use to access capital. 

Whereas.
Rennova provided 803,415.70 as a loan to the Company under the terms described in a Promissory Note dated July 1 st 2022.
The Note value was 883,757.27 with a maturity date of December 31 st 2022. This Note remains outstanding. 

Whereas.
Rennova has provided a further 441,018.19 to the Company between July 1 st 2022 and December 31 st 2022. 

Whereas.
The amount owed to Rennova by the Company at December 31 st 2022 is 1,324,755.46 

Whereas.
The Company and Rennova have agreed the 1,324,755.46, owing under the Promissory Note dated July 1 st 2022 plus the additional
funds provided between July 1 st and December 31 to be recognized as a loan to the Company under the terms described herein. 

Section
1. Interest . 

A.
 Generally . The Note value provides for a 10 original issue discount for the cash received for the six-month term. 

B.
 Default Rate of Interest . Subject to applicable law, any principal of this Note outstanding after six months shall bear interest,
payable on demand in immediately available funds, for each partial or full month until the date of actual payment, at a rate equal to
the sum of 18 per annum. 

Section
2. Repayment . The principal amount of this Note shall be paid as follows: 

(a) 1,457,253.00
 shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date except that the Company will pay 25 of any
 capital it receives from new capital secured from this date forward to reduce the Note. (this
 included funding it may receive from its Reg A offering) 

Section
3. Payments . The payment or prepayment of any amount under this Note shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of
America. Any part payment under this Note shall be applied first to accrued interest and second to any principal amount outstanding under
this Note. 

Section
4. Events of Default . The occurrence (whether such occurrence shall be voluntary or involuntary or come about or be effected by
operation of law or otherwise) and continuation for any reason whatsoever of any of the following events shall constitute an Event
of Default : 

(a) the
 Borrower fails to make payment of any principal on this Note when the same shall become due
 and payable within 30 days after Holder s written notice to Borrower giving notice
 of such non-payment; or, 

(b) the
 Borrower fails to make payment of any Interest on this Note provided for hereunder when the
 same shall become due and payable within 30 days after Holder s written notice to Borrower
 giving notice of such non-payment 

Section
5. Rights upon Event of Default . If an Event of Default described in Section 5 has occurred, the Holder, at its option, may declare
the aggregate principal amount of this Note, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, immediately due. 

Section
6. Transferability . Holder shall not be entitled to assign, transfer, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise convey all or any part
of this Note without permission from the Company. 

Section
7. Miscellaneous . 

A.
 Unconditional Obligation; Waivers . The obligations of the Borrower to make the payments provided for in this Note are absolute
and unconditional and not subject to any defense, set-off, counterclaim, rescission, recoupment or adjustment whatsoever. Except as provided
herein, the Borrower hereby waives presentment and demand for payment, notice of non-payment, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of
protest, bringing of suit and diligence in taking any action to collect any amount called for under this Note. No waiver of any provision
of this Note made by agreement of the Holder and any other person shall constitute a waiver of any other terms hereof, or otherwise release
or discharge the liability of the Borrower under this Note. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the Holder,
any right, power or privilege under this Note shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall partial exercise of any right, power or privilege.
The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 

B.
 Notices and Addresses . Any notice, demand, request, waiver, or other communication under this Note shall be in writing and shall
be deemed to have been duly given on the date of service, if personally served or sent by facsimile; on the business day after notice
is delivered to a courier or mailed by express mail, if sent by courier delivery service for next day delivery; and on the third day
after mailing, if mailed to the party to whom notice is to be given, by first class mail, registered, return receipt requested, postage
prepaid and addressed as follows: 

To
 Borrower: 
 InnovaQor,
 Inc. 

400
 S Australian Avenue 

West
 Palm Beach 

Florida
 33401 

2 

To
 Holder: 
 Rennova
 Health, Inc. 

400
 S Australian Avenue 

West
 Palm Beach 

Florida
 33401 

C.
 Severability; Binding Effect . Any provision of this Note which is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or unenforceable the remaining
terms and provisions of this Note or affecting the validity or unenforceability of any of the terms and provisions of this Note in any
other jurisdiction. This Note shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto. Neither this Note nor any rights
or obligations hereunder may be assigned by the Borrower. 

D.
 Governing Law . This Note and any dispute, disagreement, or issue of construction or interpretation arising hereunder whether relating
to its execution, its validity, the obligations provided therein or performance shall be governed and interpreted according to the internal
laws of the state of Florida, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws thereof. 

E.
 Amendment . This Note can be amended, supplemented or changed, and any provision hereof can be waived, only by written instrument
making specific reference to this Note and signed by the Borrower and the Holder. 

F.
 Section Headings . Section headings herein have been inserted for reference only and shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise
affect, in any matter, or be deemed to interpret in whole or in part any of the terms or provisions of this Note. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this Note has been executed and delivered as of the date specified above. 

InnovaQor,
 Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Gerard Dab 

Name: 
 Gerard
 Dab 

Title: 
 Corporate
 Secretary 

3 

</EX-10.100>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

List
of Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Organization 

Medytox Institute of Laboratory Medicine, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Medical Billing Choices, Inc. 
 
 North Carolina 
 
 Medytox Diagnostics, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Rennova Community Health, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 PB Laboratories, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Biohealth Medical Laboratory, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Alethea Laboratories, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 International Technologies, LLC 
 
 New Jersey 
 
 EPIC Reference Labs, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Epinex Diagnostics Laboratories, Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 Epinex Diagnostics Laboratories, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Platinum Financial Solutions, LLC 
 
 Florida 
 
 Scott County Community Hospital, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 Medytox Solutions, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Jamestown TN Medical Center, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 Rennova Health Services TN, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 Mountain View Physician Practice, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 Jellico Medical Center, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 CarePlus Medical, Inc. 
 
 Kentucky 
 
 Myrtle Recovery Centers, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-252995 and 333-269077) and Form S-8 (No. 333-210909), of Rennova Health, Inc. of
our report dated April 17, 2023 related to the consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 which appears in the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 Haynie Company, CPAs 

Haynie Company, CPAs 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF 

 PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Seamus Lagan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Rennova Health, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s), if any, and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s), if any, and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent function): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

/s/
 Seamus Lagan 

Seamus Lagan 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated:
April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Seamus Lagan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual
 Report on Form 10-K of Rennova Health, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
 made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge,
 the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s), if any, and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer(s), if any, and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent function): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

/s/
 Seamus Lagan 

Seamus Lagan 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:
April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Rennova Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Seamus Lagan, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350), that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 Seamus Lagan 

Seamus Lagan 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Rennova Health, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Seamus Lagan, Interim Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350), that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies
 with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained
 in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 Seamus Lagan 

Seamus Lagan 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 rnva-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 rnva-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 rnva-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 rnva-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

