<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1427570_0001558370-23-006079.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>30806289</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>549296</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>12047849</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8540844</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2569257</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6376443</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-006079.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417165559
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-006079
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ReShape Lifesciences Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001427570
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37897
		FILM NUMBER:		23824561

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 CALLE AMANECER
		CITY:			SAN CLEMENTE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92673
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-429-6680

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 CALLE AMANECER
		CITY:			SAN CLEMENTE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92673

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OBALON THERAPEUTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080220

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-006079.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 rsls-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form (Mark one) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on which Registered The Capital Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No At June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock as reported by the Nasdaq on that date was . As of April 14, 2023, shares of the registrant s Common Stock were outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference None. 

Table of Contents 
 F orward-looking statements and associated risks All statements in this Form 10-K that do not directly and exclusively relate to historical facts constitute forward-looking statements and include statements related to our ability to successfully remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting disclosed in this Form 10-K in the manner currently anticipated. These statements represent current expectations and beliefs, and no assurance can be given that the results described in such statements will be achieved. Such statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in such statements, many of which are outside of our control. No assurance can be given that any expectation, belief, goal or plan set forth in any forward-looking statement can or will be achieved, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements which speak only as of the date they are made. We do not undertake any obligation to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statement or to report any events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should carefully consider these and other relevant factors, including those risk factors in Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K and any other information included or incorporated by reference in this report, and information which may be contained in the Company s other filings with the SEC, when reviewing any forward-looking statement. Investors should understand it is impossible to predict or identify all such factors or risks. As such, you should not consider either foregoing lists, or the risks identified in the Company s SEC filings, to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties associated with an investment in the Company. EXPLANATORY NOTE ReShape Lifesciences Inc. (the Company is filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, for fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The Company has restated the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the unaudited consolidated financial information for the quarters ended September 30, 2022, June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, September 30, 2021, and June 30, 2021. Restatement As first disclosed in the Company s Form 12b-25 filed on April 3, 2023, the Company was evaluating the appropriate accounting treatment for the D O tail insurance policy for the previous management of Obalon. The Company originally had capitalized this insurance policy and was amortizing the policy over the six-year term. Upon further examination, the Company has concluded the capitalization of this policy was incorrect and should have been expensed by Obalon (the acquiree prior to the merger, resulting in a reduction of assets acquired resulting in an increase to the goodwill recognized in connection with the merger. In addition, the Company concluded there were immaterial errors related to the fair value calculation of stock options awarded during the quarter ended September 30, 2021, an error related to the reserve for uncertain tax position disclosures and valuation allowance related to the impairment of certain assets within our income tax footnote, see Part II, Item 8 Note 17, and a legal accrual not recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. As described in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 13, 2023, the Company in consultation with the Audit Committee of its Board of Directors (the Audit Committee ), concluded the previously issued financial statements and related disclosures for the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q as of and for the quarters ended September 30, 2022, June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, September 30, 2021, and June 30, 2021 and the financial statements and disclosures in the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, should no longer be relied upon. Accordingly, the Company has restated its financial statements for the above-mentioned periods to correct such errors in this Form 10-K. Controls and Procedures In connection with the restatement of the financial statements and related disclosures for the year ended December 31, 2021, management re-evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and identified material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, described in Part II, Item 9A Control and Procedures of this Form 10-K. The Company s current Chief Executive Officer and current Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2021, due to the material weaknesses described in Part II, Item 9A Controls and procedures of this Form 10-K. Accordingly, the Company is filing this Form 10-K to amend management s assessment of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures to conclude that they were not effective due to the identification of material weaknesses as of December 31, 2021. 

Table of Contents 
 RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC. FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 23 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 40 Item 2. Properties 40 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 40 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 40 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 40 Item 6. [RESERVED] 41 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 42 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 50 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 51 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 94 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 94 Item 9B. Other Information 95 Item 9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 95 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 96 Item 11. Executive Compensation 99 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 103 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 104 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 105 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 106 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 106 EXHIBITS 107 SIGNATURES 111 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Our Company ReShape Lifesciences Inc. is a worldwide premier weight-loss solutions company, offering an integrated portfolio of proven products and services that manage and treat obesity and metabolic disease throughout the care continuum. Our current portfolio includes the FDA-approved and reimbursed Lap-Band system, which provides minimally invasive, long-term treatment of obesity and is a safer surgical alternative to more invasive and extreme surgical stapling procedures such as the gastric bypass or sleeve gastrectomy. Our ReShapeCare TM virtual health coaching program is a novel weight-management program that supports healthy lifestyle changes for all medically managed weight-loss patients, not just individuals who qualify for Lap-Band surgery, further expanding our reach and market opportunity. Our ReShape Marketplace TM online store provides top of the line products with bariatric patients in mind. Our ReShape Optimize TM supplement options, purchased through the ReShape Marketplace, include multivitamins, probiotics, calcium, vitamin D, protein, and other therapeutic offerings to optimize health. In August of 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Paul F. Hickey as President and Chief Executive Officer. Under this new leadership, the Company has pivoted its business strategy with the intent of helping ensure a path of growth and profitability. The three growth strategies, or pillars for growth that the Company intends to execute are: Growth Pillar I: Execute disciplined, metrics-driven business operations. 
 This first growth pillar is, in the Company s opinion, paramount for ReShape in order to deliver shareholder value and, ultimately, profitability. Since shortly after Mr. Hickey s appointment, ReShape has made a number of operational changes to help ensure future performance and return on investment by prioritizing investments supporting revenue growth. As an example, the Company moved towards a highly targeted, direct-to-consumer marketing campaign to help yield both higher quality and lower cost patient leads in specific markets that align with surgeon advocates. As a result, lead cost in the third and fourth quarters of 2022 dropped over 50 as compared to the second quarter of 2022. The company has also taken steps to right-size the organization in several areas to ensure sustainability and scalability. In executing the first growth pillar, the Company will continue to focus on revenue growth and profitability. Growth Pillar II: Expand the product portfolio and future product pipeline . 

 1 

Table of Contents 
 ReShape s second growth pillar is intended to further differentiate the Company as a leading provider of innovative products and services to meet unmet customer needs. ReShape is committed to drive and scale its new product development and commercialization capacity, providing a cadence to new product introductions and revenue growth. Management anticipates that new product revenue in 2023 will include both ReShape Calibration Tube line extensions and ReShapeCare. The ReShape Calibration Tube is utilized in the majority of bariatric surgeries performed today and provides a cross-selling opportunity with access to accounts that may not be utilizing Lap-Band. ReShapeCare could have revenue opportunities with employees of large, self-insured employers, with potential Lap-Band patient pre- and post-surgical support, as well as individuals who may not need physician-led weight loss management. Potential new product revenues beyond 2023 include the Lap-Band 2.0, which is anticipated to be filed with the FDA in the first half of 2023 with feedback from the FDA expected by 2023 year-end. The Lap-Band 2.0 is designed to reduce the required postoperative physician office-based Lap-Band adjustments. The ReShape Obalon Balloon system is the first and only swallowable, gas filled, FDA-approved balloon system. In 2023 the Company plans on further evaluating OEM partnerships and distribution partnerships that would be intended to support the successful relaunch and commercialization of the balloon system. ReShape remains committed to furthering our proprietary Diabetes Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation (DBSN) technology that can potentially eliminate the need for medications by those with type 2 diabetes. The DBSN device is a technology under development as a new treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus. The device is expected to use bioelectronics to manage blood glucose in treatment of diabetes and individualized 24/7 glucose control. The DBSN technology development has received nondilutive NIH grant support. Growth Pillar III: Ensuring that the portfolio spans the weight loss care continuum and is evidence-based . 
 Recent statements from the bariatric surgeon societies in the U.S. and abroad including the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery (ASMBS) and the International Federation for the Surgery of Obesity and Metabolic Disorders (IFSO), confirm that obesity is a complex disease that requires personalized treatment to ensure long-term weight loss goals are achieved. ReShape s third growth pillar represents the Company s commitment to collaborate with healthcare professionals worldwide and further develop evidence supporting ReShape s portfolio of treatment options. ReShape intends to establish and work closely with its first-ever global Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) to provide needed expertise and feedback on initiatives related to the Company s growth pillars. The SAB will include surgeons from the U.S. and abroad who have expertise and perspective necessary to validate the Company s direction and priorities. The SAB was formed during the first quarter of 2023. Our Product Portfolio Lap-Band System The Lap-Band System is designed to provide minimally invasive long-term treatment of severe obesity and is an alternative to more invasive surgical stapling procedures such as the gastric bypass or sleeve gastrectomy. Unlike other invasive anatomy altering procedures, the Lap-Band System is adjustable post-operatively via a saline-filled silicone band that is laparoscopically placed around the upper part of the stomach through small laparoscipic incisions, creating a small pouch at the top of the stomach, which slows the passage of food and creates a sensation of fullness. The procedure can normally be performed as an outpatient procedure and patients can go home the day of the procedure without the need for an overnight hospital stay. ReShape Calibration Tubes The ReShape Calibration tubes are multifunctional devices compared to reusable bougies and disposable gastric tubes. The Calibration tubes are designed to fit the lesser curvature of the stomach more easily and quickly reach the pylorus. In August of 2022, we announced FDA clearance of three new sizes 32, 36, and 40 French all designed to simplify bariatric procedures such as laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy, gastric bypass, and adjustable gastric banding. During the first quarter of 2023, we have fully released this product and continue to ramp up production. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 ReShapeCare ReShapeCare is a HIPAA-compliant, virtual coaching program that enhances behavior change through engagement with ReShape s Welcome Specialists and certified Health Coaches. The differentiated ReShapeCare program is based on four established dimensions of successful behavior: change sleep, nutrition, exercise and stress. It is designed to provide flexible structure and support from a live ReShapeCare certified health coach in a manner that is simple, affordable and practical. ReShape Marketplace ReShape Marketplace is an online store developed with bariatric patients in mind in order to focus on the four dimensions of successful behavior changes. Within the ReShape Marketplace, we have ReShape Optimize, which meets all the nutrient needs to stay healthy. The ReShape Marketplace provides the highest quality products for exercising, that can have immediate and long-term health benefits, sleep which plays a vital role in good health and well-being, and to effectively manage stress to make your life happier, healthier and more productive. Lap-Band 2.0 System The Lap-Band 2.0, like the original Lap-Band System, is designed to provide minimally invasive long-term treatment of severe obesity and is an alternative to more invasive surgical stapling procedures such as the gastric bypass or sleeve gastrectomy. Unlike more invasive and anatomy altering surgeries, the Lap-Band 2.0 is adjustable postoperatively to increase or decrease the pressure to the band in order to optimize an individual s comfort and therapy effectiveness. The Lap-Band 2.0 system includes a reservoir technology designed to minimize postoperative in-office patient band adjustments, thereby potentially improving an individual s tolerance for the Lap-Band 2.0. ReShape Obalon Balloon System The Obalon Balloon System, that is not currently available for commercial sales, consists of a swallowable capsule that contains an inflatable balloon attached to a microcatheter; the Obalon Navigation System console, which is a combination of hardware and software used to dynamically track and display the location of the balloon during placement; the Obalon Touch Inflation Dispenser, which is a semi-automated, hand-held inflation device used to inflate the balloon once it is placed; and a disposable canister filled with our proprietary mixture of gas. We continue to explore the compliance requirements, manufacturing viability and quality system controls necessary for re-introducing the Obalon Balloon System in the global marketplace. DBSN Device The DBSN device, that is not currently available for commercial sales, is a technology under development as a new treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). It combines ReShape Lifesciences proprietary Vagus Nerve Block (vBloc) technology platform in combination with Vagus nerve stimulation. This new dual Vagus nerve neuromodulation device selectively modulates vagal blocking and stimulation to the liver and pancreas to manage blood glucose. Our DBSN device is expected to use bioelectronics to manage blood glucose in treatment of diabetes and individualized 24/7 glucose control. The goal is to reduce costs of treatment and complications that arise from poorly controlled blood glucose and non-compliance to T2DM medication. Our Strategic Focus Develop and Commercialize a Differentiated Portfolio of Products/Therapies ReShape Lifesciences Inc. is the premier physician-led weight-loss and metabolic health-solutions company, offering an integrated portfolio of proven products and services that manage and treat obesity and metabolic disease. An overarching strategy for our Company is to develop and commercialize products, programs and services portfolio that is differentiated from our competition by offering transformative technologies that consists of a selection of patient-friendly, non-anatomy changing, lifestyle enhancing products, programs and services that provide alternatives to more invasive bariatric surgeries, and help patients achieve healthy, durable weight loss. Current offerings include the Lap-Band System and accessories, ReShapeCare virtual coaching program, the recently launched ReShape Marketplace, an online collection of quality wellness products, including ReShape Optimize, a collection of premium supplements to help patients achieve their health goals. The FDA approved Obalon Balloon System, which has been off the market since March 2020 and was acquired in connection with the Obalon merger in June of 2021, has not yet been re-introduced to 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 the marketplace. If approved for commercial use, we believe the DBSN device will further enhance our multiple compelling and differentiated medical devices offerings. We believe that we are well positioned for the existing market and can serve more of the overweight and obese population with our solutions and thereby help expand the addressable market for obesity. Drive the Adoption of Our Portfolio through Obesity Therapy Experts and Patient Ambassadors Our clinical development strategy is to collaborate closely with regulatory bodies, healthcare providers, obesity therapy lifestyle experts and others involved in the obesity management process, patients and their advocates and scientific experts. We have established relationships with physicians, obesity therapy experts, patient advocates, media experts and other market drivers we believe will provide important support towards promoting patient awareness and gaining widespread adoption of the L ap -B and , its accessories, ReShapeCare, ReShape Marketplace, ReShape Optimize and the possible re-introduction of the Obalon Balloon System. Additionally, with these relationships, if developed and approved, we believe we will be able to expand awareness of the DBSN technology to patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Expand and Protect Our Intellectual Property Position We believe that our issued patents and our patent applications encompass a broad platform of therapies focused on obesity, diabetes, hypertension and other gastrointestinal disorders. We intend to continue to pursue further intellectual property protection through U.S. and foreign patent applications. On March 9, 2023, we filed a patent infringement complaint against Allurion Technologies, Inc. in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. The complaint alleges that Allurion is infringing at least two claims of our U.S. Patent No. 10,463,520, which is related to our Obalon balloon system, by making the Allurion Gastric Balloon system in the U.S. for exportation and/or sales from the U.S and/or for potential sales in the U.S. relating to Allurion s application to the FDA to sell the Allurion Gastric Balloon in the U.S. The complaint seeks, among other relief, damages for Allurion s alleged infringement of the 520 patent, in an amount not less than a reasonable royalty. This matter is in its early stages and we are unable to predict its outcome at this time. However, we intend to continue to aggressively protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. Alternative Weight Loss Solutions ReShapeCare is an effective, convenient virtual health coaching program that is reimbursed by most insurance companies and works in partnership with physicians to help patients set and achieve their health and wellness goals. Through board certified coaches, it provides a weight-loss solution through behavioral changes, improving the patients sleep, nutrition, exercise and stress. ReShapeCare is appropriate for all weight loss patients, medical weight loss patients, and pre- and post-surgical bariatric patients. We believe that we will be able to offer distinct weight loss treatment solutions that may be selected by the physician depending on the severity of the patient s BMI or condition. Together, the L ap -B and , ReShapeCare and potential internal or external pipeline products can provide a minimally invasive continuum of care, independently or in combination, for bariatric surgery or medically managed weight loss patients and their care providers. Our Market The Obesity and Metabolic Disease Epidemic Obesity is a disease that has been increasing at an alarming rate with significant medical repercussions and associated economic costs. The World Health Organization WHO currently estimates that more than 2.5 billion adults, approximately 30 of the global population, are considered overweight or obese. This number has a projected increase to 50 by 2030. The global economic impact of obesity is approximately 2.0 trillion, or approximately 2.8 of global GDP. Healthcare costs for severely or morbidly obese adults are 81 higher than for healthy weight adults and obesity is responsible for 5 of deaths worldwide. We believe our products and programs and product candidates could address a 1.64 billion per year and growing global surgical device market. The Bariatric Surgical Device market is projected to be a 2.8 billion worldwide market 1.8 billion in the U.S.) by 2025, the Virtual Healthcare Delivery market is projected to be 95 billion worldwide by 2026, and the Global Weight Loss and Obesity Management market is expected to rise to an estimated value of 300 billion with a compound annual growth rate of 6.7 from 2019 to 2026. We believe that this epidemic will continue to grow worldwide given dietary trends in developed nations that favor highly processed sugars, larger meals and fattier foods, as well as increasingly sedentary lifestyles. Despite the growing obesity rate, increasing public interest in the obesity epidemic and significant medical repercussions and economic costs associated with obesity, there continues to be a significant unmet need for effective treatments. The United States Market Obesity has been identified by the U.S. Surgeon General as the fastest growing cause of disease and death in the United States. Currently, it is estimated that approximately 160 million American adults are overweight or obese, 74 million American adults are overweight, 78 million American adults are obese or severely obese, and 24 million American adults are morbidly obese. It is estimated that if obesity rates stay consistent, 51 of the U.S. population will be obese by 2030. According to data from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, almost 80 of adults with a BMI above 30 have comorbidity, and almost 40 have two or more of these comorbidities. According to The Obesity Society and the CDC, obesity is associated with many significant weight-related comorbidities including Type 2 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 diabetes, high blood-pressure, sleep apnea, certain cancers, high cholesterol, coronary artery disease, osteoarthritis and stroke. According to the American Cancer Society, 572,000 Americans die of cancer each year, over one-third of which are linked to excess body weight, poor nutrition and/or physical inactivity. Over 75 of hypertension cases are directly linked to obesity, and more than 90 of the approximately 28 million U.S. adults with Type 2 diabetes are overweight or have obesity. Currently, medical costs associated with obesity in the U.S. are estimated to be up to 210.0 billion per year and nearly 21 of medical costs in the U.S. can be attributed to obesity. Approximately 1.5 billion was spent in 2015 alone in the U.S. on approximately 200,000 bariatric surgical procedures to treat obesity. By 2025, it is estimated that up to 3.8 billion will be spent in the U.S. on approximately 800,000 bariatric surgical procedures to treat obesity. Researchers estimate that if obesity trends continue, obesity-related medical costs could rise by another 44- 66 billion each year in the U.S. by 2030. The medical costs paid by third-party payers for people who are obese were 2,741 per year, or 42 higher than those of people who are normal weight and the average cost to employers is 6,627 to 8,067 per year per obese employee (BMI of 35 to 40 and higher). Current Treatment Options and Their Limitations We believe existing bariatric surgery and endoscopic procedural options for the treatment of obesity have seen limited adoption to date, with approximately 1 of the obese population qualifying for treatment actually seeking treatment, due to patient concerns and potential side effects including permanently altered anatomy and morbidity. The recent adoption of GLP-1 agonists for weight loss and related big-pharma marketing efforts have signifiancantly increased the number of overweight and obese individuals who are seeking medically managed weight loss. The principal treatment alternatives available today for obesity include: Behavioral modification. Behavioral modification, which includes diet and exercise, is an important component in the treatment of obesity; however, most obese patients find it difficult to achieve and maintain significant weight loss with a regimen of diet and exercise alone. Pharmaceutical therapy. Pharmaceutical therapies often represent a first option in the treatment of obese patients but carry significant safety risks and may present troublesome side effects and compliance issues. Bariatric Surgery and Endoscopic Procedures. In more severe cases of obesity, patients may pursue more aggressive surgical treatment options such as sleeve gastrectomy and gastric bypass. These procedures promote weight loss by surgically restricting the stomach s capacity and outlet size. While largely effective, these procedures generally result in major lifestyle changes, including dietary restrictions and food intolerances, and they may present substantial side effects and carry short- and long-term safety and side effect risks that have limited their adoption. 
 Given the limitations of behavioral modification, the inaccessibility, side-effects, and durability of pharmaceutical therapy, and the invasive and irreversible nature of other bariatric surgical approaches, we believe that there is a substantial need for the less invasive, adjustable, and reversable Lab-Band. Our Research and Development Current R D Focus We have an experienced research and development team, including clinical, regulatory affairs and quality assurance, comprised of scientists and mechanical engineers with significant clinical knowledge and expertise. Our research and development efforts are focused in the following major areas: supporting the current L ap -B and System; expanding and improving on the L ap -B and portfolio; testing and developing the DBSN device; and support the calibration tube line for gastric and bariatric surgeries. 
 We have spent a portion of our capital resources on research and development. Our research and development expenses were approximately 2.5 million and 2.4 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Our Competition The market for obesity treatments is competitive, subject to technological change and significantly affected by new product development. Our primary competition in the obesity treatment market is currently from bariatric laparoscopic and endoscopic procedures. Our Lap-Band System competes, and we expect that our Obalon Balloon System may compete, with surgical and endoscopic obesity procedures, including gastric bypass, gastric balloons, sleeve gastrectomy and the endoscopic sleeve. These current surgical procedures are performed in less than 1 of all eligible obese patients today. Outside of the Obalon Balloon System which we recently acquired, other current manufacturers of gastric balloon and suturing products that are approved in the United States include Boston Scientific (ORBERA Intragastric Balloon System and OverStitch Endoscopic Suturing System) and Spatz Medical. In June 2016, Aspire Bariatrics, Inc. received FDA approval for the Aspire Assist System, an endoscopic alternative to weight loss surgery for people with moderate to severe obesity. Due to the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, Aspire Bariatrics shut down operations and withdrew its product from the market in April 2022. We are also aware that GI Dynamics, Inc. has received approvals in various international countries to sell its EndoBarrier Gastrointestinal Liner. We also compete against the manufacturers of pharmaceuticals that are directed at treating obesity and the 99 of obese patients eligible for surgery that are not willing to pursue a surgical option. We are aware of a number of drugs that are approved for long-term treatment of obesity in the United States: Orlistat, marketed by Roche as Xenical and GlaxoSmithKline as Alli, Belviq marketed by Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Qsymia, marketed by VIVUS, Inc.,Contrave, marketed by Orexigen Therapeutics, Inc. and Wogovy/Ozempic marketed by Novo Nordisk. While considered a competitive therapy, we expect that the marketing of these pharmaceuticals will increase awareness and help normalize obesity treatment. Further, we some surgeons will use pharmaceuticals to coincide with a Lap-Band placement. In addition to competition from surgical obesity procedures, we compete with several private early-stage companies developing neurostimulation devices for application to the gastric region and related nerves for the treatment of obesity. Further, we know of two intragastric balloon companies in the U.S., Spatz Medical, which received FDA approval of the Spatz3 Adjustable Balloon in October of 2021, and Allurion Technology s Elipse Balloon, which is in either clinical trials or working toward clinical trials in the U.S. These companies may prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. They also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and subject registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies and technology licenses complementary to our programs or advantageous to our business. We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market include: acceptance by healthcare professionals, patients and payers; published rates of safety and efficacy; reliability and high-quality performance; effectiveness at controlling and/or resolving comorbidities such as diabetes and hypertension; invasiveness and the inherent reversibility of the procedure or device; cost and average selling price of products and relative rates of reimbursement; effective marketing, training, education, sales and distribution; regulatory and reimbursement expertise; technological leadership and superiority; speed of product innovation and time to market. 
 Many of our competitors are larger than we are, and they may enjoy several competitive advantages over us, including: stronger name recognition; existing relations with healthcare professionals, customers and third-party payers; established distribution networks; 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 significant experience in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, obtaining reimbursement and marketing approved products; and greater financial and human resources. 
 As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete effectively against these companies or their products. Market Opportunity Given the limitations of behavioral modification, pharmaceutical therapy and traditional bariatric surgical approaches, we believe there is a substantial need for patient-friendly, safer, effective and durable solutions that: provide proven, long-term weight loss; preserve normal anatomy; are adjustable in an office setting for individual patient needs and long term efficacy; are non-punitive in that they support continued ingestion and digestion of foods and micronutrients such as vitamins and minerals found in a typical, healthy diet while allowing the user to modify his or her eating behavior appropriately without inducing punitive physical restrictions that physically force a limitation of food intake; diminish undesirable side-effects; facilitate outpatient surgical procedures; minimize the risks of re-operations, malnutrition and mortality; reduce the natural hunger drive of patients; and are reversible, if necessary or desired, while preserving anatomy. 
 Our Intellectual Property In order to remain competitive, we must develop and maintain protection of the proprietary aspects of our technologies. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secret laws and confidentiality and invention assignment agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. Our patent applications may not result in issued patents and our patents may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. Any patents issued to us may be challenged by third parties as being invalid or unenforceable, or third parties may independently develop similar or competing technology that does not infringe our patents. The laws of certain foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. L ap -B and As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 50 total patents, 28 U.S. and 22 foreign, related to our Lap-Band System. The international patents and patent applications are in regions including Germany, France, Spain, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Canada, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Ireland, Belgium, Poland, Australia, and South Korea. The issued patents expire between the years 2022 and 2031. We also have 48 total U.S. and international trademarks for the Lap-Band brand name. ReShape Vest As of December 31, 2022, we had four granted U.S. patents and four granted foreign patents in China, Israel, Canada and Australia related to our ReShape Vest. The patents expire between the years 2028 and 2038. We also have U.S. and international trademark applications for the ReShape Vest brand name. Obalon As of December 31, 2022, we had 43 granted U.S. patents and 5 granted foreign patents related to our Obalon portfolio. The patents expire between the years 2028 and 2031. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 ReShapeCare As of December 31, 2022, we had 8 U.S. trademarks related to the ReShapeCare covering, tradename, logo, electronic pedometers and electronic day planners for tracking food, body weight, pre-recorded nutritional and fitness; as well as nutritional and medical counseling and services. ReShape Marketplace has one trademark related to the online retail store and ReShape Optimize has one trademark related to the multi-vitamins. DBSN Device As of December 31, 2022, we had 9 U.S. patents issued and 45 foreign patents issued. In addition, we have filed a trademark application for Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation. The USPTO Examiner is reviewing the application and provided the Company with a disclaimer being required for Neuromodulation , as this a standard requirement for words that are in the standard vernacular. Sales and Distribution We market directly to patients but sell the L ap -B and program to select qualified surgical centers throughout the U.S. and internationally having patients that would like to treat obesity and its comorbidities. The centers then perform the Lap-Band procedure and are most-commonly reimbursed by leading insurance providers in the U.S. and government health services in many areas outside the U.S. Alternatively, surgical centers can offer the Lap-Band as a cash-pay procedure. Our sales representatives are supported by field based experts who provide training, technical support, and other support services at various medical centers. Our sales representatives help implement consumer marketing programs and provide surgical centers and certified surgeons with educational patient materials. In order to support our L ap -B and sales efforts, we have five regionally based team members to support the U.S. market. During the fourth quarter of 2021, we launched a national advertising campaign for our flagship product, the Lap-Band. This was the Company s first mainstream mass-market advertising campaign in the U.S. The national television spots aired in outlets such as HGTV, TLC, Bravo, Oxygen and more, with print advertisements running in People Magazine , Good Housekeeping , Better Homes Gardens , US Weekly and other select publications nationwide. These coordinated media efforts were intended to reach people struggling with maintaining a healthy weight and to educate them on the advantages and accessibility of the Lap-Band procedure compared to other treatment options, including diets and more aggressive gastric stapling procedures. Another goal of the campaign was to help people understand that the Lap-Band offers unique benefits for a variety of obese patients, including those with lower BMI and women who may become pregnant. In August of 2022, we shifted away from national advertising campaign initiatives and focusing on digital marketing channels including search engine ads and social media channels. This shift in marketing is 100 aligned with the Company s focus on expanding Lap-Band use while ensuring a sustainable (profitable) business. The shift to a more targeted and regionalized marketing program allows us to better support interested potential Lap-Band patients while also reducing the overall costs for lead generation programs. This strategy also aligns with our key surgeon Lap-Band programs across the U.S.; surgeons who participate in local marketing and educational initiatives in their communities. During 2022, our international sales efforts were through a combination of agent and distributor sales channels, with a focus on top Lap-Band customers in Australia, the Middle East, Canada and select countries in Europe. In late 2022, we allocated additional resources to help ensure international sales improve in both volume and profitability. Our Manufacturers and Suppliers To date, all of the materials and components for our products, as well as any related outside services, are procured from qualified suppliers and contract manufacturers in accordance with our proprietary specifications. All of our key manufacturers and suppliers have experience working with commercial implantable device systems, are ISO certified and are regularly audited by various regulatory agencies including the FDA. Our key manufacturers and suppliers have a demonstrated record of compliance with international regulatory requirements. In July 2021 we announced that we had completed our Lap-Band manufacturing transition from Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. to a Massachusetts-based contract manufacturer. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Given that we rely on third-party manufacturers and suppliers for the production of our products, our ability to increase production going forward will depend upon the experience, certification levels and large-scale production capabilities of our suppliers and manufacturers. Qualified suppliers and contract manufacturers have been and will continue to be selected to supply products on a commercial scale according to our proprietary specifications. Our FDA approval process requires us to name and obtain approval for the suppliers of key components of the Lap-Band System. Many of our parts are custom designed and require custom tooling and, as a result, we may not be able to quickly qualify and establish additional or replacement suppliers for the components of our products. Any new approvals of vendors required by the FDA or other regulatory agencies in other international markets for our products as a result of the need to qualify or obtain alternate vendors for any of our components would delay our ability to sell and market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We believe that our current manufacturing and supply arrangements will be adequate to continue our ongoing commercial sales and our ongoing and planned clinical trials. In order to produce our products in the quantities we anticipate to meet future market demand, we will need our manufacturers and suppliers to increase, or scale up, manufacturing production and supply arrangements by a significant factor over the current level of production. There are technical challenges to scaling up manufacturing capacity and developing commercial-scale manufacturing facilities that may require the investment of substantial additional funds by our manufacturers and suppliers and hiring and retaining additional management and technical personnel who have the necessary experience. If our manufacturers or suppliers are unable to do so, we may not be able to meet the requirements to expand the launch of the product in the United States or launch the product internationally or to meet future demand, if at all. We may also represent only a small portion of our suppliers or manufacturers business and if they become capacity constrained, they may choose to allocate their available resources to other customers that represent a larger portion of their business. If we are unable to obtain a sufficient supply of our product, our revenue, business and financial prospects would be adversely affected. Government Regulations Our products and operations are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the FDA and other federal, state and local authorities, as well as foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA regulates, among other things, the research, development, testing, design, manufacturing, approval, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion and marketing, distribution, post approval monitoring and reporting and import and export of medical devices in the United States to assure the safety and effectiveness of medical products for their intended use. The Federal Trade Commission also regulates the advertising of our products in the United States. Further, we are subject to laws directed at preventing fraud and abuse, which subject our sales and marketing, training and other practices to government scrutiny. Regulatory system for medical devices in the United States Unless an exemption applies, each new or significantly modified medical device we seek to commercially distribute in the United States will require either a premarket notification to the FDA requesting permission for commercial distribution under Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FFDCA, also referred to as a 510(k) clearance, or approval from the FDA of a premarket approval PMA application. Both the 510(k) clearance and PMA approval processes can be resource intensive, expensive, and lengthy, and require payment of significant user fees, unless an exemption is available. Device Classification Under the FFDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes Class I, Class II or Class III depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of control needed to provide reasonable assurances with respect to safety and effectiveness. Class I includes devices with the lowest risk to the patient and are those for which safety and effectiveness can be reasonably assured by adherence to a set of FDA regulations, referred to as the General Controls for Medical Devices, which require compliance with the applicable portions of the Quality System Regulations, or QSR, facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse events and malfunctions, and appropriate, truthful and non-misleading labeling and promotional materials. Some Class I devices, also called Class I reserved devices, also require premarket clearance by the FDA through the 510(k) premarket notification process described below. Most Class I products are exempt from the premarket notification requirements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Class II devices are those that are subject to the General Controls, and special controls as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. These special controls can include performance standards, patient registries, FDA guidance documents and post-market surveillance. Most Class II devices are subject to premarket review and clearance by the FDA. Premarket review and clearance by the FDA for Class II devices is accomplished through the 510(k) premarket notification process. Class III devices include devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk such as life-supporting or life-sustaining devices, or implantable devices, in addition to those deemed novel and not substantially equivalent following the 510(k) process. The safety and effectiveness of Class III devices cannot be reasonably assured solely by the General Controls and Special Controls described above. Therefore, these devices are subject to the PMA application process, which is generally more costly and time consuming than the 510(k) process. Through the PMA application process, the applicant must submit data and information demonstrating reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use to the FDA s satisfaction. Accordingly, a PMA application typically includes, but is not limited to, extensive technical information regarding device design and development, pre-clinical and clinical trial data, manufacturing information, labeling and financial disclosure information for the clinical investigators in device studies. The PMA application must provide valid scientific evidence that demonstrates to the FDA s satisfaction a reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use. The Investigational Device Process In the United States, absent certain limited exceptions, human clinical trials intended to support medical device clearance or approval require an IDE application. Some types of studies considered to present non-significant risk are deemed to have an approved IDE once certain requirements are addressed, and IRB approval is obtained. If the device presents a significant risk to human health, as defined by the FDA, the sponsor must submit an IDE application to the FDA and obtain IDE approval prior to commencing the human clinical trials. The IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such as animal and laboratory testing results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. The IDE application must be approved in advance by the FDA for a specified number of subjects. Generally, clinical trials for a significant risk device may begin once the IDE application is approved by the FDA and the study protocol and informed consent are approved by appropriate institutional review boards at the clinical trial sites. There can be no assurance that submission of an IDE will result in the ability to commence clinical trials, and although the FDA s approval of an IDE allows clinical testing to go forward for a specified number of subjects, it does not bind the FDA to accept the results of the trial as sufficient to prove the product s safety and efficacy, even if the trial meets its intended success criteria. All clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s IDE regulations that govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion and specify an array of recordkeeping, reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. Clinical trials must further comply with the FDA s good clinical practice regulations for institutional review board approval and for informed consent and other human subject protections. Required records and reports are subject to inspection by the FDA. The results of clinical testing may be unfavorable, or, even if the intended safety and efficacy success criteria are achieved, may not be considered sufficient for the FDA to grant marketing approval or clearance of a product. The 510(k) Clearance Process Under the 510(k) process, the manufacturer must submit to the FDA a premarket notification, demonstrating that the device is substantially equivalent, as defined in the statute, to a legally marketed predicate device. A predicate device is a legally marketed device that is not subject to premarket approval, i.e., a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976 (pre-amendments device) and for which a PMA is not required, a device that has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or I, or a device that was previously found substantially equivalent through the 510(k) process. To be substantially equivalent, the proposed device must have the same intended use as the predicate device, and either have the same technological characteristics as the predicate device or have different technological characteristics and not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Clinical data is sometimes required to support substantial equivalence. After a 510(k) premarket notification is submitted, the FDA determines whether to accept it for substantive review. If it lacks necessary information for substantive review, the FDA will refuse to accept the 510(k) notification. If 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 it is accepted for filing, the FDA begins a substantive review. By statute, the FDA is required to complete its review of a 510(k) notification within 90 days of receiving the 510(k) notification. As a practical matter, clearance often takes longer, and clearance is never assured. Although many 510(k) premarket notifications are cleared without clinical data, the FDA may require further information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence, which may significantly prolong the review process. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent, it will grant clearance to commercially market the device. If the FDA determines that the device is not substantially equivalent to a predicate device, or if the device is automatically classified into Class III, the device sponsor must then fulfill the much more rigorous premarketing requirements of the PMA approval process, or seek reclassification of the device through the de novo process. A manufacturer can also submit a petition for direct de novo review if the manufacturer is unable to identify an appropriate predicate device and the new device or new use of the device presents a moderate or low risk. After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a new or major change in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or, depending on the modification, could require a PMA application or de novo classification. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the proposed change requires submission of a 510(k) or a PMA in the first instance, but the FDA can review any such decision and disagree with a manufacturer s determination. Many minor modifications are accomplished by a letter-to-file in which the manufacture documents the change in an internal letter-to-file. The letter-to-file is in lieu of submitting a new 510(k) to obtain clearance for such change. The FDA can always review these letters to file in an inspection. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s determination regarding whether a new premarket submission is required for the modification of an existing device, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance or approval of a PMA application is obtained. In addition, in these circumstances, the FDA can impose significant regulatory fines or penalties for failure to submit the requisite PMA application(s). The PMA Approval Process Following receipt of a PMA application, the FDA conducts an administrative review to determine whether the application is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. If it is not, the agency will refuse to file the PMA. If it is, the FDA will accept the application for filing and begin the review. The FDA, by statute and by regulation, has 180 days to review a filed PMA application, although the review of an application more often occurs over a significantly longer period. During this review period, the FDA may request additional information or clarification of information already provided, and the FDA may issue a major deficiency letter to the applicant, requesting the applicant s response to deficiencies communicated by the FDA. The FDA considers a PMA or PMA supplement to have been voluntarily withdrawn if an applicant fails to respond to an FDA request for information e.g. , major deficiency letter) within a total of 360 days. Before approving or denying a PMA, an FDA advisory committee may review the PMA at a public meeting and provide the FDA with the committee s recommendation on whether the FDA should approve the submission, approve it with specific conditions, or not approve it. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. Prior to approval of a PMA, the FDA may conduct inspections of the clinical trial data and clinical trial sites, as well as inspections of the manufacturing facility and processes. Overall, the FDA review of a PMA application generally takes between one and three years, but may take significantly longer. The FDA can delay, limit or deny approval of a PMA application for many reasons, including: device may not be shown safe or effective to the FDA s satisfaction; data from pre-clinical studies and/or clinical trials may be found unreliable or insufficient to support approval; the manufacturing process or facilities may not meet applicable requirements; and changes in FDA approval policies or adoption of new regulations may require additional data. If the FDA evaluation of a PMA is favorable, the FDA will issue either an approval letter, or an approvable letter, the latter of which usually contains several conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the PMA. When and if those conditions have been fulfilled to the satisfaction of the FDA, the agency will issue a PMA approval letter authorizing commercial marketing of the device, subject to the conditions of approval and the limitations established in the approval letter. If the FDA s evaluation of a PMA application or manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA will deny approval of the PMA or issue a not approvable letter. The FDA also may determine that 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 additional tests or clinical trials are necessary, in which case the PMA approval may be delayed for several months or years while the trials are conducted and data is submitted in an amendment to the PMA, or the PMA is withdrawn and resubmitted when the data are available. The PMA process can be expensive, uncertain and lengthy and several devices for which the FDA approval has been sought by other companies have never been approved by the FDA for marketing. New PMA applications or PMA supplements are required for modification to the manufacturing process, equipment or facility, quality control procedures, sterilization, packaging, expiration date, labeling, device specifications, ingredients, materials or design of a device that has been approved through the PMA process. PMA supplements often require submission of the same type of information as an initial PMA application, except that the supplement is limited to information needed to support any changes from the device covered by the approved PMA application and may or may not require as extensive technical or clinical data or the convening of an advisory panel, depending on the nature of the proposed change. In approving a PMA application, as a condition of approval, the FDA may also require some form of post-approval study or post-market surveillance, whereby the applicant conducts a follow-up study or follows certain patient groups for several years and makes periodic reports to the FDA on the clinical status of those patients when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional or longer-term safety and effectiveness data for the device. The FDA may also require post-market surveillance for certain devices cleared under a 510(k) notification, such as implants or life-supporting or life-sustaining devices used outside a device user facility. The FDA may also approve a PMA application with other post-approval conditions intended to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, such as, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale, distribution and use. Our vBloc, Lap-Band System and Intragastric balloons, including the Obalon Balloon System, Obalon Navigation System and Dispenser are considered Class III medical devices. In order to support a PMA application, the FDA required the Company to conduct rigorous and expensive trials, one of which was a double-blinded, randomized, sham-controlled study. We will be required to file new PMA applications or PMA supplement applications for modifications to our PMA-approved Lap-Band System, Obalon Balloon System and Obalon Navigation System and Dispenser or any of their respective components, including modifications to our manufacturing processes, device labeling and device design, based on the findings of post-approval studies. Pervasive and Continuing FDA Regulation After the FDA permits a device to enter commercial distribution, numerous regulatory requirements continue to apply. These include: The FDA s QSR, which requires manufacturers, including third party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, production, control, supplier/contractor selection, complaint handling, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the manufacturing process; labeling regulations, unique device identification requirements and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of products for uncleared, unapproved or off label uses; advertising and promotion requirements; restrictions on sale, distribution or use of a device; PMA annual reporting requirements; PMA approval of product modifications; PMA approval of product Medical device reporting, or MDR, regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur; medical device correction and removal reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA field corrections and product recalls or removals if undertaken to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the FDCA that may present a risk to health; recall requirements, including a mandatory recall if there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious adverse health consequences or death; an order of repair, replacement or refund; device tracking requirements; and post-market surveillance regulations, which apply when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the device. 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Since February 2017, the FDA has issued three separate letters to healthcare providers warning of serious adverse events, including deaths, which are specific to liquid-filled intragastric balloons. We are aware of the filing of additional reports of serious adverse events, including deaths, associated with liquid-filled balloons since the issuance of the FDA letters to healthcare providers. While the advisory letters were specific to liquid-filled intragastric balloons and not the Obalon gas-filled balloons, these letters could create negative perceptions of the entire gastric balloon category which may cause negative consequences for us including requiring additional warnings, precautions and/or contraindications in the labeling than originally required, delaying or denying approval of our future products, or possible review or withdrawal of our current approval. Since Obalon Therapeutics began selling in United States in January 2017 before the merger Obalon Therapeutics has reported adverse events relating to patient injuries associated with use of the Obalon balloon in the FDA s MAUDE database. The FDA has broad post-market and regulatory enforcement powers. Medical device manufacturers are subject to unannounced inspections by the FDA and other state, local and foreign regulatory authorities to assess compliance with the QSR and other applicable regulations, and these inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of any suppliers. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; unanticipated expenditures, repair, replacement, refunds, recall or seizure of our products; operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; the FDA s refusal of our requests for 510(k) clearance or premarket approval of new products, new intended uses or modifications to existing products; FDA s refusal to issue certificates to foreign governments needed to export products for sale in other countries; withdrawing 510(k) clearance or premarket approvals that have already been granted; and criminal prosecution. 
 Regulatory System for Medical Devices in Europe The European Union EU consists of member states residing in the European Union and has a coordinated system for the authorization of medical devices. As of May 26, 2021, the European Union has adopted Regulation (EU) 2017/745 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 April 2017 on medical devices, amending Directive 2001/83/EC, Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 and Regulation (EC) No 1223/2009. The Medical Device Regulation 2017/745, or EU MDR repeals Directive 93/42/EEC, which concerns medical devices, and Directive 90/385/EEC, which concerns active implantable medical devices, as of 26 May 2021. The EU allows a transition period from Directive 93/42/EEC and Directive 90/385/EEC to Regulation (EU) 2017/745, that will end 26 May 2024. The EU MDR aims to ensure the smooth functioning of the internal market as regards medical devices, taking as a base a high level of protection of health for patients and users, and considering the small- and medium-sized enterprises that are active in this sector. At the same time, this Regulation sets high standards of quality and safety for medical devices in order to meet common safety concerns as regards such products. Both objectives are being pursued simultaneously and are inseparably linked whilst one not being secondary to the other. As regards Article 114 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), this Regulation harmonises the rules for the placing on the market and putting into service of medical devices and their accessories on the Union market thus allowing them to benefit from the principle of free movement of goods. As regards Article 168(4)(c) TFEU, this Regulation sets high standards of quality and safety for medical devices by ensuring, among other things, that data generated in clinical investigations are reliable and robust and that the safety of the subjects participating in a clinical investigation is protected. The system of regulating medical devices operates by way of a certification for each medical device. Each certificated device is marked with CE mark which shows that the device has a Certificat de Conformit . There are national bodies known as Competent Authorities in each member state which oversee the implementation of the EUMDR within their jurisdiction. The means for achieving the requirements for CE mark varies according to the nature of the device. Devices are classified in accordance with their perceived risks, similarly to the U.S. system. The class of a product determines the requirements to be fulfilled before CE mark can be placed on a product, known as a conformity assessment. Conformity assessments for our products have carried out as required by the MDD. Each member state can appoint Notified Bodies within its jurisdiction. If a Notified Body of one member state has issued a Certificat de 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Conformit , the device can be sold throughout the European Union without further conformance tests being required in other member states. Per MDD 93/42/EEC on Medical Devices, Annex II excluding Section 4, the Lap-Band System is considered a Class IIb device and few of the system s components are considered Class IIa devices. The vBloc, was never commercialized in the EU. The Obalon Balloon System, when delivered with a cellulose-based capsule was considered a Class IIb product under MDD. Prior to the merger, Obalon Therapeutics management believed the Obalon Navigation System and the Obalon Touch Inflation Dispenser are Class I products not requiring Notified Body approval. Obalon Therapeutics Medical Device Marketing Authorization under the MDD expired on May 14, 2020. Obalon Therapeutics allowed the Obalon balloon CE-mark to expire and did not renew its agreement with its Notified Body. Prior to the June 16, 2021 merger, Obalon Therapeutics did not apply for a CE-mark for the Obalon Navigation System and Obalon Touch Inflation Dispenser. Regulatory frameworks for medical devices in certain countries in Asia Pacific and the Middle East Australia ReShape Lifesciences is the legal manufacturer of the Lap-Band System and accessories under the Australian Register of Therapeutic Goods (ARTG), in Australia. Middle East Unlike Europe, while the Gulf Cooperation Council, or GCC, jurisdictions often work together to purchase certain medical products in a coordinated fashion for government hospitals, there is not a coordinated system for the authorization of medical devices. Most GCC jurisdictions require that the official registered distributor of a product be wholly owned by nationals of that particular GCC jurisdiction. ReShape distributes the Lap-Band System and accessories in the Middle East through a distributor. Product is shipped to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) and the United Arab Emirates (UAE). Obalon Therapeutics ceased distribution of the Obalon System, the Obalon Navigation System and the Obalon Touch Inflation Dispenser in the Middle East prior to the June 16, 2021, merger. Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, or KSA The most pertinent regulation is the Interim Regulation for Medical Devices, issued by the Saudi Food Drug Authority, or SFDA, Board of Directors Decree number 1-8-1429 dated approximately December 27, 2008, and the implementing regulations of the same. The SFDA is an independent regulatory body that is responsible for the authorization of medical devices, and current guidelines are generally based on pre-existing approval in one of the five founding member nations of the Global Harmonization Task Force, or GHTF, which are Australia, Canada, United States, European Union and Japan. There are no overt requirements for the provision of safety and effectiveness data in the form of clinical trials or other studies, but these would likely come as a part of the approvals described above that are used as a basis to support approval within the KSA. The SFDA reserves its rights to require its own independent clinical trials as it deems necessary or appropriate. Regulatory authorization is required for all medical devices, regardless of device class. A potential exception to this requirement is for medical devices that were designed and constructed by local health care facility and staff for internal use. Similar to the United States, the SFDA requires post market surveillance to ensure safety and quality. This program is meant to be conducted by the Authorized Representative. With respect to the use of medical devices, it is the responsibility of the health care institution to inform the manufacturer and the SFDA of any adverse events associated with this use. The SFDA has approved the Medical Device Market Authorization, or MDMA application and the listing of ReShape Lifesciences as the legal manufacturer of the Lap-Band System and accessories in KSA. United Arab Emirates, or UAE The most pertinent regulation is UAE Federal Law No. 4 of 1983 for the Pharmaceutical Profession and Institutions and to Medical Device Regulations. There are many similarities between the SFDA and the Registration and Drug Control Department that is run out of the Ministry of Health Prevention of the UAE. Applications for 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 registration of medical devices in the UAE are done with the UAE Ministry of Health Registration Drug Control Department and must include data on effectiveness in addition to safety (a nod to the requirements of the FDA). The UAE body has its own device classification system that is most closely related to that used by the European Union, defined as class 1, low risk; class 2, medium risk but nonimplantable; class 3, medium risk but implantable; and class 4, high risk. Brexit The UK Medicines Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, or MHRA is responsible for regulating medical devices in Great Britain. The MHRA plans changes to the UK s Medical Devices Regulations 2002 as part of a broader transition away from European Union legal and regulatory systems. In addition, the Trade Deal between the UK and the EU generally provides for cooperation and exchange of information between the parties in the areas of product safety and compliance, including market surveillance, enforcement activities and measures, standardization related activities, exchanges of officials, and coordinated product recalls. As such, processes for compliance and reporting should reflect requirements from regulatory authorities. CE Marks issued by EU-recognized notified bodies will continue to be valid in for medical devices placed on the Great Britain market England, Scotland, and Wales until December 31, 2024. Until that date, MHRA accepts the CE Marking and requires registering active implantable medical devices, Class III medical devices, Class IIb implantable medical devices and IVD List A devices by May 1, 2021. After December 31, 2024, the UK Conformity Assessment (UKCA) marking will be mandatory. In Northern Island, CE Marking issued by EU-recognized notified bodies will continue to be valid until current CE cert under Medical Device Directive (MDD) expires, after which date, CE marking needs to be approved under EU Medical Device Regulation (EU MDR). ReShape Lifesciences is compliant with the registration requirements and is registered in England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland. Additionally, the EU no longer recognizes conformity assessment activities performed by UK notified bodies for medical devices placed on the market since January 1, 2021. Notified bodies must be located in a European Union member state, or territory where there is a mutual recognition agreement, or MRA; there is currently no such MRA. The new legislation may create an extra hurdle for manufacturers and thereby limit the availability and/or increase prices of our medical devices in the UK. Our Products The ReShape Lifesciences L ap-Band System, the Obalon Balloon System, Obalon Navigation system and Obalon Touch Inflation Dispenser, and their respective components are medical devices that required a PMA submission form and approval by the FDA for commercial use in the United States. ReShape Lifesciences vBloc neuromodulation system, which was approved by the FDA for treating obesity is no longer commercialized . FDA approved the L ap-Band System in 2001. The Lap-Band System was approved for use in the U.S. for patients with a BMI greater than or equal to 40 or a BMI greater than or equal to 30 with one or more obesity-related comorbidity conditions. The Lap-Band System was CE marked in 1997. The method of assessing conformity with applicable regulatory requirements varies depending on the class of the device, but for our Lap-Band System, the method involved a combination issuance of declaration of conformity by the manufacturer of the safety and performance of the device, and a third-party assessment by a Notified Body of the design of the device and of our quality system. A Notified Body is a private commercial entity that is designated by the national government of a member state as being competent to make independent judgments about whether a product complies with applicable regulatory requirements. The assessment included, among other things, a clinical evaluation of the conformity of the device with applicable regulatory requirements. We use BSI as the Notified Body for our CE marking approval process. Continued compliance with CE marking requirements is enforced through periodic facility inspections by the Notified Body, which may be unannounced. Because we rely on contract manufacturing sites and service providers, these additional sites may also be subject to these Notified Body inspections. The Obalon Balloon System was approved in January 2017 and the Obalon Navigation system and Obalon Touch Inflation Dispenser were approved on December 20, 2018. All of the above-listed devices were approved with post-approval conditions intended to ensure the safety and effectiveness of these devices. ReShape Lifesciences assumed and 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 complies with all post market requirements for the Lap-Band System, the Obalon Navigation system, and Obalon Touch Inflation Dispenser. Since the beginning of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has slowed most of the economy in the European Union. This resulted in many different challenges ranging from notified bodies that were no longer able to perform audits, to manufacturers that were forced to increase their production beyond their existing capabilities or forced to stop their production all together. The original date of application of Regulation (EU) 2017/745 on medical device (MDR) was May 26, 2020. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the date of application for MDR was postponed to May 26, 2021. The Company will continue to implement changes across our quality systems to become compliant with the new MDR. Clinical Trials Obalon Balloon SMART Pivotal Trial Obalon published the results of their pivotal SMART trial. The Obalon Balloon System has demonstrated clinically meaningful weight loss with durable results. The Obalon treatment group lost, on average, approximately twice as much body weight as patients in the sham-control group, with an average of 15.1 pounds of weight loss, resulting in an average 6.9 reduction in total body weight and an average 2.4 point decrease in BMI. In the study, 66.7 of patients lost at least 5 of their total body weight and the study showed statistically significant improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors, including fasting glucose, systolic blood pressure, cholesterol and triglycerides. Patients in the treatment group were followed for 48 weeks and showed, on average, that 89.5 of the weight loss achieved during the initial 24-week balloon treatment period was maintained at 48 weeks, or 24 weeks after the balloons were removed. Obalon Balloon Post-Approval Study (PAS) The PAS is a prospective, single arm, observational, sequentially enrolling, open label multi-center study. The Obalon PAS is a 1-year study that includes 6-month of Obalon Balloon therapy in conjunction of a weight loss behavior modification, or WLBM program and 6-months of continued WLBM program after balloon removal. The primary study objective is to assess the continued safety and performance of the Obalon Balloon System in commercial settings. FDA has completed their review of the Obalon final PAS Report stating that ReShape has fulfilled our post-approval study requirement. Post-Approval Study - Obalon Navigation-Touch System (NTS) To help assure the continued safety and effectiveness of the Obalon Navigation System, the FDA has required a post-approval study as a condition of approval under 21 CFR 814.82(a)(2). As part of PMA approval, Obalon management agreed with the FDA to conduct a post-approval prospective, observational, open-label, multi-center study designed to capture additional safety and effectiveness data of the Obalon balloon administration with NTS, prior to merger with ReShape LifeSciences. The study is a single cohort group that includes patients who commercially purchased the Obalon Balloon System at clinics and hospitals that use NTS and have consented to have their data collected to support this study. All activities related to post-administration management, weight loss and removal of the balloons are conducted in accordance with the commercial Obalon Balloon System device labeling and are not collected in this study; this study focuses on balloon administrations only. The study will evaluate approximately 4,000 balloon administrations in approximately 1,400 subjects at up to 40 clinical sites in the United States. Patient enrollment for this study began in December 2019. On June 26, 2020, Obalon and the FDA had a call to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the Company and cessation of commercial distribution of product since March 2020. Therefore, continued enrollment of the post-market study was put on hold and has been on hold since. The study enrolled 32 patients from one site as of March 9, 2020 before it was suspended. The other two participating sites have received IRB approvals but have not enrolled their first patient. ReShape Lifesciences will communicate with the FDA if commercial distribution of product resumes and coordinate resumption of this PAS. Obalon Balloon System Obalon Balloon favorable safety profile, In the pivotal SMART trial, only one of 336 (0.3 patients that received the Obalon balloon experienced a serious adverse device event (SADE) and in data presented at the American 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery Meeting from the first year of commercial experience, only two of 1,343 (0.14 patients that received our Obalon balloon experienced a SADE. Historically, the reported rate of SADEs reported to Obalon in commercial use is consistent with that experienced in the pivotal SMART trial or the data from their first year of commercial experience. In addition, data published and presented from Obalon s commercial registry demonstrates greater weight loss in the commercial setting as compared to the pivotal clinical study used to support FDA approval. In May 2019, Obalon updated data from their commercial registry to include 1,411 total patients from 143 treatment sites in the United States. In this data set, for those patients receiving three balloons and at least 20 weeks of therapy, the average weight loss was 21.7 pounds, resulting in a 10.2 reduction in total body weight. Of note, 50.7 of patients lost 10 or more total body weight and 77.9 lost 5 or more total body weight. Obalon Balloon improved patient tolerability and comfort. The Obalon balloon is inflated with a proprietary mix of gas. This creates a light, buoyant balloon that floats at the top of the stomach instead of sinking to the bottom of the stomach like a traditional liquid-filled intragastric balloon. Further, the Obalon Balloon System consists of three separate 250cc balloons placed individually over a three-month period to progressively add volume. We believe these design elements have the potential to improve patient comfort and tolerability of our Obalon balloon. Obalon Balloon progressive weight loss with durable results. In the pivotal SMART trial, patients in the Obalon treatment group lost, on average, approximately twice as much body weight as patients in the sham-control group. In addition, patients in the Obalon treatment group showed, on average, progressive weight loss over the balloon treatment period, which we believe is attributable to the individual placement of three separate Obalon balloons over the treatment period. Subsequent data analysis at 12 months also showed that, on average, 89.5 of the weight loss was maintained six months after balloon removal. In May 2019, Obalon analyzed data from their commercial registry on 1,411 total patients from 143 treatment sites in the United States. In this data set, for those patients receiving three balloons and at least 20 weeks of therapy, the average weight loss was 21.7 pounds, resulting in a 10.2 reduction in total body weight. Obalon Balloon simple and convenient placement. The Obalon balloon is placed without anesthesia or an endoscopy through a swallowable capsule that dissolves in the stomach and releases the balloon. These unique features allow patients the flexibility to receive the Obalon balloon discreetly in an outpatient setting. Placement typically occurs in less than fifteen minutes and can be scheduled in the morning before work, during a lunch break or in the evening. Treated patients can return promptly to their normal daily activities. The balloons are removed endoscopically under light, conscious sedation six months after the first balloon placement. Recently approved new products, the Obalon Navigation System and Obalon Touch Inflation Dispenser, are designed to further improve ease of use and convenience of placement. Privacy and Security Laws Medical device companies may be subject to U.S. federal and state and foreign health information privacy, security and data breach notification laws, which may govern the collection, use, disclosure and protection of health-related and other personal information. In the United States, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH ), and all regulations promulgated thereunder, collectively HIPAA, imposes privacy, security and breach reporting obligations with respect to individually identifiable health information upon covered entities (health plans, health care clearinghouses and certain health care providers), and their respective business associates, individuals or entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity. Although we are not a covered entity, we may provide certain services that require the use or disclosure of PHI on behalf of physicians who are covered entities, and we therefore may be considered to be business associates under HIPAA. HIPAA imposes specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HIPAA mandates the reporting of certain breaches of health information to HHS, affected individuals and if the breach is large enough, the media. Entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA as the result of a breach of unsecured protected health information or PHI, a complaint about privacy practices or an audit by HHS, may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance. HITECH also increased the civil and criminal penalties that may be imposed against covered entities, business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorney s fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. Even when HIPAA does not apply, according to the Federal Trade Commission or the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure constitutes unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, 15 U.S.C 45(a). The FTC expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. Individually identifiable health information is considered sensitive data that merits stronger safeguards. The FTC s guidance for appropriately securing consumers personal information is similar to what is required by the HIPAA security regulations. In addition, certain state and non-U.S. laws, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA and many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. Further, business associates, defined as independent contractors or agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity, are also subject to certain HIPAA privacy and security standards. Failure to comply with these laws, where applicable, can result in the imposition of significant civil and/or criminal penalties and private litigation. For example, California enacted legislation, the California Consumer Privacy Act or CCPA, which went into effect January 1, 2020. The CCPA, among other things, creates new data privacy obligations for covered companies and provides new privacy rights to California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their information. The CCPA also creates a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach. Although the law includes limited exceptions, including for PHI maintained by a covered entity or business associate, it may regulate or impact our expected processing of personal information depending on the context. In Europe, the GDPR went into effect in May 2018 and introduces strict requirements for processing the personal data of European Union data subjects. Companies that must comply with the GDPR face increased compliance obligations and risk, including more robust regulatory enforcement of data protection requirements and potential fines for noncompliance of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. Moreover, the United Kingdom leaving the EU could also lead to further legislative and regulatory changes. It remains unclear how the United Kingdom data protection laws or regulations will develop in the medium to longer term and how data transfer to the United Kingdom from the EU will be regulated, especially following the United Kingdom s departure from the EU on January 31, 2020 without a deal. However, the United Kingdom has transposed the GDPR into domestic law with the Data Protection Act 2018, which remains in force following the United Kingdom s departure from the EU. Anti-Kickback Statutes The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from (among other things) knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce the referral of an individual, or the recommending, furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid. Courts have interpreted the Anti-Kickback Statute quite broadly, holding that the statute will be violated if even one purpose of a payment though not its sole or primary purpose is to induce an act prohibited by the statute with a willful intent to act improperly. The statute prohibits many arrangements and practices that are otherwise lawful in businesses outside of the healthcare industry. Prosecutors may infer intent from the surrounding circumstances and, because courts have interpreted the statute to be violated if even one purpose of a payment is to induce the purchase of items or services paid for by federal healthcare programs, prosecutors have broad discretion in choosing arrangements to prosecute under the statute. There are statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available to protect certain appropriately structured arrangements that otherwise would implicate the Anti-Kickback Statute. Those who structure their business arrangements to satisfy all of the criteria of a safe harbor are protected from liability under the statute. Penalties for violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute are severe and may include, in addition to the fines and jail time described above, penalties imposed under the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, or the CMP Law, including exclusion from participation in Federal healthcare programs, civil monetary penalties for each improper act, and damages of up to three times the amount of remuneration at issue (regardless of whether some of the remuneration was for a lawful 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 purpose). Because we do not anticipate that the Obalon Balloon System will be reimbursed by any federal healthcare program, we do not believe that we will be subject to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Many states have adopted laws similar to the Anti-Kickback Statute, however, and some of these state prohibitions apply to arrangements involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any source, and not only by Medicare, Medicaid or another federal healthcare program. These state laws do not always have the same exceptions or safe harbors of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. The business may be subject to some of these laws. Government officials have focused recent enforcement efforts on the marketing of healthcare services and products, among other activities, and have brought cases against companies, and certain individual sales, marketing and executive personnel, for allegedly offering unlawful inducements to potential or existing customers in an attempt to procure their business. False Claims Laws The federal False Claims Act imposes liability on any individual or entity that, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal healthcare program. The qui tam or whistleblower provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging that the defendant has violated the False Claims Act and to share in any monetary recovery. In recent years, the number of lawsuits brought against healthcare industry participants by private individuals has increased dramatically. When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, it may be required to pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus civil penalties for each separate instance of false claim. As part of any settlement, the government may ask the entity to enter into a corporate integrity agreement, which imposes certain compliance, certification and reporting obligations. There are many potential bases for liability under the False Claims Act. Liability arises, primarily, when an entity knowingly submits, or causes another to submit, a false claim for reimbursement to the federal government. The federal government has used the False Claims Act to assert liability on the basis of inadequate care, kickbacks and other improper referrals, and the provision of inaccurate reimbursement coding advice, in addition to the more predictable allegations as to misrepresentations with respect to the services rendered. In addition, companies have been sued under the False Claims Act in connection with the off-label promotion of products. Various states have also enacted false claims laws that are analogous to the federal False Claims Act. Many of these state laws apply to claims submitted to any third-party payor and are not limited to claims submitted to a federal healthcare program. Transparency Laws The federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, or the Sunshine Act, which was enacted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or the PPACA, generally requires certain manufacturers of a drug, device, biologic or other medical supply that is covered by Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program and applicable group purchasing organizations to report on an annual basis: (i) certain payments and other transfers of value given to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other health care professionals beginning in 2022, and teaching hospitals and (ii) any ownership or investment interest that physicians, or their immediate family members, have in their company. The payments required to be reported include the cost of meals provided to a physician, travel reimbursements and other transfers of value, including those provided as part of contracted services such as speaker programs, advisory boards, consultation services and clinical trial services. Under the statute, the federal government makes reported information available to the public. Failure to comply with the reporting requirements can result in significant civil monetary penalties, with additional penalties for the knowing failure to report. Additionally, there are criminal penalties if an entity intentionally makes false statements in the reports. There has been a recent trend of separate state regulation of payments and transfers of value by manufacturers of medical devices to healthcare professionals and entities, however, and some state transparency laws apply more broadly than does the federal Sunshine Act. Our business may be subject to some of these state laws. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 State Corporate Practice of Medicine, Fee-Splitting Prohibitions, and Licensure Requirements Other regulatory oversight includes, but is not limited to, the corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting prohibitions, and licensure and scope of practice limitations for physicians and other healthcare professionals. Some states have enacted laws and regulations limiting the extent to which physicians and certain other healthcare professionals may be employed by non-physicians or general business corporations, and the scope and provisions of corporate practice of medicines laws and regulations vary by state. These laws are intended to prevent interference in the medical decision-making process by anyone who is not a licensed physician. Violations may result in civil or criminal penalties. In addition, various state laws also generally prohibit the sharing or splitting professional fees with lay entities or persons. The specific restrictions with respect to enforcement of the corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting laws varies from state to state. Violations of these laws could require us to restructure our operations and arrangements and may result in penalties or other adverse action. Moreover, each state defines the scope of practice of physicians and other healthcare professionals through legislation and through their respective licensing boards, and we will need to comply with laws related to the physician supervision of services and scope of practice requirements. Activities that qualify as professional misconduct under state law may subject our personnel to sanctions or may even result in loss of their license and could, possibly, subject us to sanctions as well. Some state boards of medicine impose reciprocal discipline, that is, if a physician is disciplined for having committed professional misconduct in one state where he or she is licensed, another state where he or she is also licensed may impose the same discipline even though the conduct occurred in another state. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits U.S. businesses and their representatives from offering to pay, paying, promising to pay or authorizing the payment of money or anything of value to a foreign official in order to influence any act or decision of the foreign official in his or her official capacity or to secure any other improper advantage in order to obtain or retain business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring us to maintain books and records, which in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, if any, and to devise and maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements. The scope of the FCPA includes interactions with certain healthcare professionals in many countries. International Laws In Europe, and throughout the world, other countries have enacted anti-bribery laws and/or regulations similar to the FCPA. Violations of any of these anti-bribery laws, or allegations of such violations, could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and reputation. There are also international privacy laws that impose restrictions on the access, use, and disclosure of health information. All of these laws may impact our business. Our failure to comply with these privacy laws or significant changes in the laws restricting our ability to obtain required patient information could significantly impact our business and our future business plans. U.S. Healthcare Reform Changes in healthcare policy could increase our costs and subject us to additional regulatory requirements that may interrupt commercialization of our products. By way of example, ACA substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacted the medical device industry. There will continue to be proposals by legislators at both the federal and state levels, regulators and third-party payors to reduce costs while expanding individual healthcare benefits. Certain of these changes could impose additional limitations on the prices we will be able to charge and/or patients willingness to pay for our products. While in general it is too early to predict what effect, if any, ACA and its implementation, or any future healthcare reform legislation or policies will have on our business, current and future healthcare reform legislation and policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Employees As of December 31, 2022, we had 40 employees, all of which were full-time. All of these employees are located in the U.S. From time to time we also employ independent contractors, consultants and temporary employees to support our operations. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. We have never experienced a work stoppage and believe that our relations with our employees are good. Our Corporate Information We were incorporated under the laws of Delaware on January 2, 2008. On June 15, 2021, we completed a merger with ReShape Lifesciences Inc. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, a wholly owned subsidiary of Obalon with and into ReShape, with ReShape surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Obalon. As a result of the merger, Obalon, the parent company, was renamed ReShape Lifesciences Inc. and ReShape was renamed ReShape Weightloss Inc. ReShape Lifesciences shares of common stock trade on the Nasdaq under the symbol RSLS. We file reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and proxy or information statements. Those reports and statements as well as all amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (1) are available at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549, (2) may be obtained by sending an electronic message to the SEC at publicinfo@sec.gov or by sending a fax to the SEC at 1-202-777-1027, (3) are available at the SEC s internet site (http://www.sec.gov), which contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC and (4) are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing with, or furnishing to, the SEC. Our principal executive offices are located at 1001 Calle Amanecer, San Clemente, California 92673, and our telephone number is (949) 429-6680. Our website addresses are www.reshapelifesciences.com and lapband.com . The information on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Summary of risk Factors The following is a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, prospects and/or the price of our outstanding securities, and make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry If we are unable to either substantially improve our operating results or obtain additional financing, we may be unable to continue as a going concern. Public health crises, such as COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and could in the future have a negative effect on our business. We may be unable to attract and retain management and other personnel we need to succeed. The shares of series C convertible preferred stock issued in connection with our acquisition of ReShape Medical have certain rights and preferences senior to our common stock, including a liquidation preference that is senior to our common stock. No Obalon directors, officers or employees continued with ReShape which could hinder the ability to transfer the Obalon technology, restart manufacturing operations and maintain FDA regulatory compliance for the Obalon Balloon System and negatively impact our results of operations. We are a medical device company with a limited history of operations and sales, and we cannot assure you that we will ever generate substantial revenue or be profitable. Previously, we recorded a non-cash indefinite-lived and definite-lived intangible assets impairment loss, which significantly impacted our results of operations, and we may be exposed to additional impairment losses that could be material. We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, may have a material and adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. We reached a determination to restate certain of our previously issued consolidated financial statements, which resulted in unanticipated costs and may affect investor confidence and raise reputational issues. The SEC Division of Enforcement has initiated an informal inquiry into our late filing notice related to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022, which could result in an enforcement action that requires us to pay civil penalties and fines and/or sanctions against us or certain of our current and/or former directors and officers. General economic and political conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business. We hold our deposit within the U.S. banking system and may incur a loss of our uninsured deposits if there a closure or other event with our bank. We face significant uncertainty in the industry due to government healthcare reform. We are subject, directly or indirectly, to United States federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse and false claims laws and regulations. Prosecutions under such laws have increased in recent years and we may become subject to such litigation. If we are unable to, or have not fully complied with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. Failure to protect our information technology information technology infrastructure against cyber-based attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions or data corruption could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business. We operate in a highly competitive industry that is subject to rapid change. If our competitors are able to develop and market products that are safer or more effective than our products, our commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated. Our ability to use net operating losses NOL carryforwards may be limited. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Associated with Development and Commercialization of the Lap-Band System, ReShapeCare, ReShape, Lap-Band 2.0 System, Obalon Balloon System, DBSN Device Our efforts to increase revenue from our L ap -B and System, ReShapeCare, Lap-Band 2.0 System, Obalon Balloon System, and commercialize our DBSN device and expanded line of bariatric surgical accessories, including ReShape Calibration Tubes, may not succeed or may encounter delays which could significantly harm our ability to generate revenue. We may not be able to obtain required regulatory approvals for our DBSN device in a cost-effective manner or at all, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We depend on clinical investigators and clinical sites to enroll patients in our clinical trials, and on other third parties to manage the trials and to perform related data collection and analysis, and, as a result, we may face costs and delays that are outside of our control . Modifications to the L ap -B and System and Lap-Band 2.0 may require additional approval from regulatory authorities, which may not be obtained or may delay our commercialization efforts. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements, or if we experience unanticipated product problems, our L ap -B and system could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. We may be unable to manage our growth effectively. We face the risk of product liability claims that could be expensive, divert management s attention and harm our reputation and business. We may not be able to obtain adequate product liability insurance. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property If we are unable to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights relating to our technology and neuroblocking therapy, the commercial value of our technology and any future products will be adversely affected, and our competitive position will be harmed. We may lose important patent rights if we do not timely pay required patent fees or annuities. Many of our competitors have significant resources and incentives to apply for and obtain intellectual property rights that could limit or prevent our ability to commercialize our current or future products in the United States or abroad. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. Intellectual property litigation is a common tactic in the medical device industry to gain competitive advantage. If we become subject to a lawsuit, we may be required to expend significant financial and other resources and our management s attention may be diverted from our business. We are currently in a lawsuit, and may in the future become involved in lawsuits, to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which can be expensive and time consuming and could result in the diversion of significant resources. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and is likely to be volatile in the future. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by existing stockholders, or the perception that they may occur, could cause our stock price to decline. We have a significant number of outstanding warrants, which may cause significant dilution to our stockholders, have a material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for us to raise funds through future equity offerings. If we fail to meet all applicable Nasdaq Capital Market requirements, Nasdaq could delist our common stock, which could adversely affect the market liquidity of our common stock and the market price of our common stock could decrease. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. Our organizational documents and Delaware law make a takeover of our company more difficult, which may prevent certain changes in control and limit the market price of our common stock. We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future, and any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

 24 

Table of Contents 
 risk factors Risks Related to Our Business and Industry If we are unable to either substantially improve our operating results or obtain additional financing, we may be unable to continue as a going concern. We currently do not generate revenue sufficient to offset operating costs and anticipate such shortfalls to continue, partially due to the unpredictability of COVID-19, which has resulted and may continue to result in a slow-down of elective surgeries and restrictions in some locations, and supply chain disruptions. As of December 31, 2022, we had net working capital of approximately 2.4 million, primarily due to cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of 4.0 million. Additionally, our anticipated expansion of our product portfolio and future products may not come to fruition. Our principal source of liquidity as of December 31, 2022 consisted of approximately 4.0 million of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and 2.2 million of accounts receivable. Based on our available cash resources, we may not have sufficient cash on hand to fund our current operations for more than 12 months from the date of filing this Form 10-K. This condition raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and could in the future have, a negative effect on our business. Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have created and may continue to create significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption in the markets we sell our products into and operate in and may negatively impact business and healthcare activity globally. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, governments around the world have imposed measures designed to reduce the transmission of COVID-19. In particular, elective procedures, such as the Lap-Band procedure, were delayed or cancelled, there was a significant reduction in physician office visits, and hospitals postponed or canceled purchases as well as limited or eliminated services. While elective procedures have increased from the reduced levels during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic, the reduction in elective procedures has had, and we believe may continue to have, a negative impact on the sales of our products. The extent to which fear of exposure to or actual effects of COVID-19, new variants, disease outbreak, epidemic or a similar widespread health concern impacts our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. We may be unable to attract and retain management and other personnel we need to succeed. Our success depends on the services of our senior management and other key employees. The loss of the services of one or more of our officers or key employees could hinder our sales and marketing efforts, or delay or prevent the commercialization of our Lap-Band System, ReShapeCare, ReShape Marketplace, Lap-Band 2.0, the Obalon Balloon System, and the development of our DBSN device. Our continued growth will require hiring a number of qualified clinical, scientific, commercial and administrative personnel. Accordingly, recruiting and retaining such personnel in the future will be critical to our success. There is intense competition from other companies and research and academic institutions for qualified personnel in the areas of our activities. If we fail to identify, attract, retain and motivate these highly skilled personnel, we may be unable to continue our development and commercialization activities. The shares of series C convertible preferred stock issued in connection with our acquisition of ReShape Medical have certain rights and preferences senior to our common stock, including a liquidation preference that is senior to our common stock. There are currently 95,388 shares of our series C convertible preferred stock outstanding, which are convertible into a total of 10 shares of our common stock. We originally issued the shares of our series C convertible preferred stock in connection with our acquisition of ReShape Medical. The series C convertible preferred stock has a liquidation preference of 274.88 per share, or approximately 26.2 million in the aggregate. In general, the series C convertible preferred stock is entitled to receive dividends (on an as-if-converted-to-common stock basis) actually paid on shares of common stock when, as and if such dividends are paid on shares of common stock. No other dividends will be paid on shares of series C convertible preferred stock. Except in connection with the election of directors and limited protective provisions, the series C convertible preferred stock generally does not have voting rights. However, as long as any shares of series C convertible preferred stock remain outstanding, we cannot, without the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of series C convertible preferred stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 preferences or rights given to the series C convertible preferred stock (including by the designation, authorization, or issuance of any shares of preferred stock that purports to have equal rights with, or be senior in rights or preferences to, the series C convertible preferred stock), (b) alter or amend the series C convertible preferred stock certificate of designation, (c) amend our certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the holders of series C convertible preferred stock, (d) increase the number of authorized shares of series C convertible preferred stock, (e) except for stock dividends or distributions for which adjustments are to be made pursuant to the Series C Certificate of Designation, pay dividends on any shares of capital stock of the Company, or (f) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. No Obalon directors, officers or employees continued with the Company which could hinder the ability to transfer the Obalon technology, restart manufacturing operations and maintain FDA regulatory compliance for the Obalon Balloon System and negatively impact our results of operations. Following the consummation of the merger, no directors, officers or employees of Obalon continued with ReShape. In order to restart manufacturing of the Obalon Balloon System, ReShape would have to hire and train new personnel to appropriately perform manufacturing operations that meet required performance specifications and maintain quality system and regulatory compliance related to the Obalon Balloon System without the knowledge and expertise of the Obalon management team, including completing a FDA-mandated post-approval study which was halted due to the effects of COVID-19. Obalon s prior suppliers have not supplied Obalon since Obalon halted manufacturing and they may be unwilling or unable to supply ReShape on the prior terms or at all. Obalon had not manufactured or shipped products to customers since March 2020 and customers may not accept a relaunch of the Obalon Balloon System by ReShape. We are a medical device company with a limited history of operations and sales, and we cannot assure you that we will ever generate substantial revenue or be profitable. We are a medical device company with a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business. The success of our business will depend on our ability to generate increased sales and control costs, as well as our ability to obtain additional regulatory approvals needed to market new versions of our Lap-Band System, ReShapeCare, ReShape Marketplace, Obalon Balloon System, or regulatory approvals needed to market our DBSN device and any other products we may develop in the future, all of which we may be unable to do. If we are unable to successfully market our Lap-Band System for its indicated use, successfully launch ReShapeCare and ReShape Marketplace, re-introduce the Obalon Balloon System, or develop and commercialize the DBSN device, we may never become profitable and may have to cease operations as a result. Our lack of a significant operating history also limits your ability to make a comparative evaluation of us, our products and our prospects. Previously, we recorded a non-cash indefinite-lived intangible and definite-lived assets impairment loss, which significantly impacted our results of operations, and we may be exposed to additional impairment losses that could be material. We conduct our annual indefinite-lived intangible assets impairment analysis during the fourth quarter of each year or when circumstances suggest that an indicator for impairment may be present. Previously, we performed a qualitative impairment analysis of the in-process research and development IPR D ). Due to delays in the clinical trials experienced, we revised its expectations of when revenues would commence for the ReShape Vest, thus reducing the projected near-term future net cash flows related to the ReShape Vest. During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, we stopped the clinical trials for the ReShape Vest and closed out the previous trials that occurred, as significant additional clinical work and cost would be required to achieve regulatory approval for the ReShape Vest. In addition, due to continued market decline and projected cash flows the company recorded an impairment of the developed technology related to the Lap-Band and Obalon Balloon System and our tradenames. As such, we determined the carrying value of the IPR D and developed technology assets, and trademarks were impaired and recognized a non-cash impairment charge of approximately 18.7 million on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. In the future, we may have additional impairments requiring us to record an impairment loss related to our remaining finite-lived intangible assets, which could also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC have imposed various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations result in increased legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure. In particular, we are required to perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our testing may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. We have incurred and continue to expect to incur significant expense and devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with Section 404. Moreover, if we do not comply with the requirements of Section 404, or if we identify deficiencies in our internal controls that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would entail expenditure of additional financial and management resources. For example, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and determined that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective at a reasonable assurance level due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. We had insufficient internal resources with appropriate accounting and finance knowledge and expertise to design, implement, document and operate effective internal controls around our financial reporting process. The insufficient internal resources resulted in a lack of review over our weighted average share calculation spreadsheet which included a formula error resulting in the inaccurate reporting of our earnings per share. We are currently implementing our remediation plan to address the material weaknesses identified above. Such measures include: hiring additional accounting personnel to ensure timely reporting of significant matters; designing and implementing controls to formalize roles and review responsibilities to align with our team s skills and experience and designing and implementing formalized controls; and designing and implementing formal processes, policies and procedures supporting our financial close process. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, may have a material and adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and determined that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective at a reasonable assurance level due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. We had insufficient internal resources with appropriate accounting and finance knowledge and expertise to design, implement, document and operate effective internal controls around our financial reporting process. We are currently implementing our remediation plan to address the material weaknesses identified above. Such measures include: hiring additional accounting personnel to ensure timely reporting of significant matters; designing and implementing controls to formalize roles and review responsibilities to align with our team s skills and experience and designing and implementing formalized controls; and designing and implementing formal processes, policies and procedures supporting our financial close process. We reached a determination to restate certain of our previously issued consolidated financial statements, which resulted in unanticipated costs and may affect investor confidence and raise reputational issues. As discussed in the Explanatory Note, in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies and Restatement in this Form 10-K, we also reached a determination to restate our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the unaudited consolidated information for the interim periods ended September 30, 2022, June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, September 30, 2021, and June 30, 2021 following the identification of certain misstatements contained in those financial statements, which resulted in an understatement of impairment of goodwill by approximately 1.9 million. We have determined that it is appropriate to correct the misstatements in our previously issued financial statements. The restatement also included corrections for additional identified out-of-period and uncorrected misstatements in the impacted periods. As a result, we have incurred unanticipated costs for accounting and legal fees in connection with or related to the restatement, and have become subject to a number of additional risks and 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 uncertainties, which may affect investor confidence in the accuracy of our financial disclosures and may raise reputational issues for our business. The SEC Division of Enforcement has initiated an informal inquiry into our late filing notice related to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022, which could result in an enforcement action that requires us to pay civil penalties and fines and/or sanctions against us or certain of our current and/or former directors and officers. We received a letter from the SEC Division of Enforcement, dated January 11, 2023, informing us that it is conducting an informal inquiry regarding our potential violation of certain rules and regulations concerning late filing notifications on Form 12b-25 related to the late filing notice we filed with the SEC for our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2022. As part of the inquiry, the SEC has required that we voluntarily provide certain requested documents and information, which we are in the process of responding to. While the SEC letter specifically notes that it should be not be construed as an indication that any violations of law have occurred, or as an adverse reflection upon any person or security, it is possible that the SEC could conclude that enforcement action is appropriate, in which case we could be required to pay substantial civil penalties and fines and the SEC also could impose other sanctions against us or certain of our current and/or former directors and officers. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. General economic and political conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business. External factors can affect our financial condition. Such external factors include general domestic and global economic conditions, such as interest rates, tax law including tax rate changes, and factors affecting global economic stability, and the political environment regarding healthcare in general. We cannot predict to what extent the global economic conditions may negatively impact our business. For example, negative conditions in the credit and capital markets could impair our ability to access the financial markets for working capital and could negatively impact our ability to borrow. We face significant uncertainty in the industry due to government healthcare reform. In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended, (the Affordable Care Act as well as any future healthcare reform legislation, may have a significant impact on our business. The impact of the Affordable Care Act on the health care industry is extensive and includes, among other things, the federal government assuming a larger role in the health care system, expanding healthcare coverage of United States citizens and mandating basic healthcare benefits. Congress regularly considers legislation to replace or repeal elements or all of the Affordable Care Act. At this time, it is not clear whether the Affordable Care Act will be repealed in whole or in part, and, if it is repealed, whether it will be replaced in whole or in part by another plan and what impact those changes will have on coverage and reimbursement for healthcare items and services covered by plans that were authorized by the Affordable Care Act. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, and also indirectly affect the amounts that private payers are willing to pay. In addition, any healthcare reforms enacted in the future may, like the Affordable Care Act, be phased in over a number of years but, if enacted, could reduce our revenue, increase our costs, or require us to revise the ways in which we conduct business or put us at risk for loss of business. In addition, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by changes under the Affordable Care Act and changes under any federal or state legislation adopted in the future. We are subject, directly or indirectly, to United States federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse and false claims laws and regulations. Prosecutions under such laws have increased in recent years and we may become subject to such litigation. If we are unable to, or have not fully complied with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. Our operations are directly, or indirectly through customers, subject to various state and federal fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and federal False Claims Act. These laws may impact, among other things, our sales, marketing and education programs. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing or arranging for a good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Several courts have interpreted the statute s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of federal healthcare covered business, the statute has been violated. The Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and, despite a series of narrow safe harbors, prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the healthcare industry. Penalties for violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute include criminal penalties and civil sanctions such as fines, imprisonment and possible exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs. Many states have also adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, some of which apply to the referral of patients for healthcare items or services reimbursed by any source, not only the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The federal False Claims Act prohibits persons from knowingly filing, or causing to be filed, a false claim to, or the knowing use of false statements to obtain payment from the federal government. Suits filed under the False Claims Act, known as qui tam actions, can be brought by any individual on behalf of the government and such individuals, commonly known as whistleblowers, may share in any amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. The frequency of filing qui tam actions has increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of medical device, pharmaceutical and healthcare companies to have to defend a False Claim Act action. When an entity is determined to have violated the federal False Claims Act, it may be required to pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus civil penalties for each separate false claim. Various states have also enacted laws modeled after the federal False Claims Act. We are unable to predict whether we could be subject to actions under any of these laws, or the impact of such actions. If we are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or other applicable state and federal fraud and abuse laws, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government healthcare reimbursement programs and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Failure to protect our information technology infrastructure against cyber-based attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions or data corruption could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business. The operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our information technology systems to, among other things, effectively manage sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory management, product development tasks, clinical data, customer service and technical support functions. Our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power losses, computer system or data network failures, security breaches, data corruption, and cyber-based attacks. Cyber-based attacks can include computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, worms, and other malicious software programs or other attacks, covert introduction of malware to computers and networks, impersonation of authorized users, and efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities, or security weaknesses, as well as intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism by third parties and sabotage. In addition, federal, state, and international laws and regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation adopted by the European Union and EEA countries can expose us to enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities, and potentially result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability, if our information technology security efforts fail. In addition, a variety of our software systems are cloud-based data management applications, hosted by third-party service providers whose security and information technology systems are subject to similar risks. We operate in a highly competitive industry that is subject to rapid change. If our competitors are able to develop and market products that are safer or more effective than our products, our commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated . The health care industry is highly competitive, subject to rapid change and significantly affected by new product introductions and other market activities of industry participants. The obesity treatment market in which we operate has grown significantly in recent years and is expected to continue to expand as technology continues to evolve and awareness of the need to treat the obesity epidemic grows. Although we are not aware of any competitors in the neuroblocking market, we face potential competition from pharmaceutical and surgical obesity treatments. Many of our competitors in the obesity treatment field have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly if they pursue competing solutions through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies, such as Allergan, Boston Scientific, LivaNova PLC, Johnson Johnson, Medtronic or St. Jude Medical. Our competitors may develop and patent processes or products earlier than us, obtain regulatory approvals for competing products more rapidly than we are able to and develop more effective, safer and less expensive products or technologies that would render our products non-competitive or obsolete. Our ability to use net operating losses NOL carryforwards may be limited. Our ability to use our federal and state NOL carryforwards to offset potential future taxable income is dependent upon our generation of future taxable income before the expiration dates of the NOL carryforwards, and we cannot predict with certainty when, or whether we will generate sufficient taxable income to use all of our NOL carryforwards. As of December 31, 2022, ReShape had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of 207.9 million. Of the total U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022, 6.3 million is subject to a 20 year carryover period and began expiring in 2022. Losses generated beginning in 2018 will carryover indefinitely. ReShape had state net operating loss carryforwards of 329.1 million at December 31, 2022, and had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of 0.2 million at December 31, 2022. Net operating loss carryforwards of ReShape are subject to review and possible adjustment by the taxing authorities. With certain exceptions (e.g. the net operating loss carryforwards), ReShape is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2016. There are no tax examinations currently in progress. ReShape s ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards, tax credits, and built-in items of deduction, including capitalized start-up costs and research and development costs, has been, and may continue to be substantially limited due to ownership changes. These ownership changes limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards, credits and built-in items of deduction that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income. In general, an ownership change, as defined in IRC Section 382, results from a transaction or series of transactions over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than 50 of the outstanding stock of a company by certain stockholders or public groups. Due to the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022, the net effect of any further limitation will have no impact on results of operations. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. Substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents were held in accounts with Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) at the time it was closed by state regulators, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) was appointed receiver for SVB, on March 10, 2023. The FDIC created a successor bridge bank for SVB and all deposits of SVB were transferred to the bridge bank under a systemic risk exception approved by the United States Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. If financial institutions in which we hold funds for working capital and operating expenses were to fail, we cannot provide any assurances that such governmental agencies would take action to protect our uninsured deposits in a similar manner. We subsequently moved approximately 7.0 million of our cash and cash equivalents to Bank of America. The balance held in these accounts exceeds the FDIC standard deposit insurance limit of 250,000. If a financial institution in which we hold such funds fails or is subject to significant adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, we could be subject to a risk of loss of all or a portion of such uninsured funds or be subject to a delay in accessing all or a portion of such uninsured funds. Any such loss or lack of access to these funds could adversely impact our short-term liquidity and ability to meet our operating expense obligations. In addition, widespread investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a vendor on which we are reliant could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks that are described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on us, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. Any critical vendor bankruptcy or insolvency, or any breach or default by a critical vendor, or the loss of any significant vendor relationships, may have a material adverse impact on our business. Risks Associated with Development and Commercialization of the Lap-Band System, ReShapeCare, Lap-Band 2.0 System, Obalon Balloon System, and the DBSN Device Our efforts to increase revenue from our Lap-Band System, ReShapeCare, Lap-Band 2.0 System, and commercialize our DBSN device and expanded line of bariatric surgical accessories, including ReShape Calibration Tubes, may not succeed or may encounter delays which could significantly harm our ability to generate revenue. Our ability to generate revenue will depend upon the sales of our Lap-Band System, expanded line of bariatric surgical accessories and ReShapeCare, and successful commercialization of our DBSN device (if approved for sale). Our efforts to commercialize these products may not succeed for a number of reasons, including: we may not be able to obtain the regulatory approvals required for our DBSN device; we may not be able to produce the Obalon Balloon System cost-effectively; if we are able to produce the Obalon Balloon System, we may not be able to re-introduce the system into the marketplace; our products may not be accepted in the marketplace by physicians, patients and third-party payers; the price of our products, associated costs of the surgical procedure and treatment and the availability of sufficient third-party reimbursement for the system implantation and follow-up procedures; appropriate reimbursement and/or coding options may not exist to enable billing for the system implantation and follow-up procedures for our DBSN device; coverage policies for bariatric surgeries and procedures, including Lap-Band and balloons may be restricted in the future; we may not be able to sell our products at a price that allows us to meet the revenue targets necessary to generate enough revenue for profitability; the frequency and severity of any side effects of our products; physicians and potential patients may not be aware of the perceived effectiveness and sustainability of the results of our products; we, or the investigators of our products, may not be able to have information on the outcome of the trials published in medical journals; the availability and perceived advantages and disadvantages of alternative treatments, including pharmaceutical treatments; any rapid technological change may make our products obsolete; we may not be able to have our products manufactured in commercial quantities or at an acceptable cost; we may not have adequate financial or other resources to complete the development and commercialization of our products or to develop sales and marketing capabilities for our products; and we may be sued for infringement of intellectual property rights and could be enjoined from manufacturing or selling our products. Besides requiring physician adoption, market acceptance of our products will depend on successfully communicating the benefits of our products to three additional constituencies involved in deciding whether to treat a particular patient using our products: (1) the potential patients themselves; (2) institutions such as hospitals, where the procedure would be performed and opinion leaders in these institutions; and (3) third-party payers, such as private healthcare insurers and governmental payers, such as Medicare and Medicaid in the United States, which would ultimately bear most of the costs of the various providers and equipment involved in our Lap-Band System, ReShapeCare, Obalon Balloon System, and DBSN device (if approved for sale). Marketing to each of these constituencies requires a different marketing approach, and we must convince each of these groups of the efficacy and utility of our products to be successful. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was minimal revenue for ReShapeCare and ReShape Marketplace. There was no revenue or gross profit recorded for the DBSN device for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as this product is still in the research stage of development. There was also no revenue recorded for the Obalon line. If our products, or any other therapy or products that we may develop for other gastrointestinal diseases and disorders that we may develop, do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by the relevant constituencies, we may not generate significant product revenue and may not become profitable. This estimated timeline could be compressed or extended depending on many factors, including revenue growth from new product introductions, strategic investments not yet foreseen, and other risks and uncertainties due to the general business, economic, regulatory, market and financial conditions. Therefore, the plans cannot be deemed probable of being implemented. As a result, the Company s plans do not alleviate substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We may not be able to obtain required regulatory approvals for our DBSN device in a cost-effective manner or at all, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. The production and marketing of our DBSN device, and our ongoing research and development, preclinical testing and future potential clinical trial activities are subject to extensive regulation and review by numerous governmental authorities both in the United States and abroad. U.S. and foreign regulations applicable to medical devices are wide-ranging and govern, among other things, the development, testing, marketing and premarket review of new medical devices, in addition to regulating manufacturing practices, reporting, advertising, exporting, labeling and record keeping procedures. We are required to obtain regulatory approval before we can market our DBSN device in the United States and certain foreign countries. The regulatory process will require significant time, effort and expenditures to bring products to market, and it is possible that our DBSN device will not be approved for sale. Even if regulatory approval of our DBSN device is granted, it may not be granted within the timeframe that we expect, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Even after our DBSN device is approved by the FDA, we may have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations, non-compliance of which could result in the subsequent withdrawal of such approvals, or such approvals could be withdrawn due to the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial approval. We also are subject to medical device reporting regulations that require us to report to the FDA if any of our products causes or contributes to a death or serious injury or if a malfunction were it to occur might cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. Any failure to obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis or the subsequent withdrawal of such approvals could prevent us from successfully marketing our products, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We depend on clinical investigators and clinical sites to enroll patients in our clinical trials, and on other third parties to manage the trials and to perform related data collection and analysis, and, as a result, we may face costs and delays that are outside of our control. While we currently do not have any active clinical trials enrolling patients, we may in the future need to rely on clinical investigators and clinical sites to enroll patients in our clinical trials and other third parties to manage the trials and to perform related data collection and analysis. However, we may not be able to control the amount and timing of resources that clinical sites may devote to our clinical trials. If these clinical investigators and clinical sites fail to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials, ensure compliance by patients with clinical protocols or comply with regulatory requirements, we will be unable to complete these trials, which could prevent us from obtaining or maintaining regulatory approvals for our product. Our agreements with clinical investigators and clinical trial sites for clinical testing place substantial responsibilities on these parties and, if these parties fail to perform as expected, our trials could be delayed or terminated. If these clinical investigators, clinical sites or other third parties do not carry out their contractual duties or obligations or fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, or the clinical data may be rejected by the FDA, adversely affecting our ability to successfully commercialize our product. Modifications to the Lap-Band and Lap-Band 2.0 system may require additional approval from regulatory authorities, which may not be obtained or may delay our commercialization efforts. The FDA and our European Notified Body require medical device companies to initially make and document a determination of whether or not a modification requires a new approval, supplement or clearance; however, some of 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 these regulatory authorities can review a company s decision. Any modifications to an approved device that could significantly affect its safety or efficacy, or that would constitute a major change in its intended use could require additional clinical studies and separate regulatory applications. Product changes or revisions will require all the regulatory steps and associated risks discussed above possibly including testing, regulatory filings and clinical studies. We may not be able to obtain approval of supplemental regulatory approvals for product modifications, new indications for our product or new products. Delays in obtaining future clearances would adversely affect our ability to introduce new or enhanced products in a timely manner, which in turn would harm our commercialization efforts and future growth. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements, or if we experience unanticipated product problems, our L ap -B and system could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. Any product for which we obtain marketing approval, along with the manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data and promotional activities for such product, will be subject to continual review and periodic inspections by our European Notified Body and the FDA and other regulatory bodies. In particular we and our manufacturers and suppliers are required to comply with ISO requirements, Good Manufacturing Practices, which for medical devices is called the Quality System Regulation QSR ), and other regulations which cover the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, storage and shipping of any product for which we obtain marketing approval. The FDA enforces the QSR through inspections, which may be unannounced, and the CE system enforces its certification through inspections and audits as well. Our quality system has received certification of compliance to the requirements of ISO 13485:2016 and will have to continue to successfully complete such inspections to maintain regulatory approvals for sales outside of the United States. Failure by us or one of our manufacturers or suppliers to comply with statutes and regulations administered by the FDA, CE authorities and other regulatory bodies, or failure to adequately respond to any observations, could result in enforcement actions against us or our manufacturers or suppliers, including, restrictions on our product or manufacturing processes, withdrawal of the product from the market, voluntary or mandatory recall, fines, suspension of regulatory approvals, product seizures, injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. If any of these actions were to occur it would harm our reputation and cause our product sales to suffer. Furthermore, our key component suppliers may not currently be or may not continue to be in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. If the FDA or any other regulatory body finds their compliance status to be unsatisfactory, our commercialization efforts could be delayed, which would harm our business and our results of operations. Additionally, if the FDA determines that our promotional materials, training or other activities constitute promotion of an unapproved use, we could be subject to significant liability, the FDA could request that we cease, correct or modify our training or promotional materials or subject us to regulatory enforcement actions. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they consider our training or other promotional materials to constitute promotion of an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. We are subject to medical device reporting regulations that require us to report to the FDA, Competent Authorities or other governmental authorities in other countries if our products cause or contribute to a death or serious injury or malfunction in a way that would be reasonably likely to contribute to death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur. The FDA and similar governmental authorities in other countries have the authority to require the recall of our products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacturing. A government mandated, or voluntary, recall by us could occur as a result of component failures, manufacturing errors or design defects, including defects in labeling. Any recall would divert managerial and financial resources and could harm our reputation with customers. There can be no assurance that there will not be product recalls in the future or that such recalls would not have a material adverse effect on our business. Once the product is approved and implanted in a large number of patients, infrequently occurring adverse events may appear that were not observed in the clinical trials. This could cause health authorities in countries where the product is available to take regulatory action, including marketing suspension and recall. For example, on January 18, 2023, we received a letter from the FDA requesting additional information regarding Medical Device Reports submitted in 2021 related adverse events associated with a Lap-Band device and pregnancy. The FDA s letter indicates a concern for an increased risk for Lap-Band complications in pregnant patients and requests that we provide, among other information, any actions planned or implemented which might reduce the likelihood of 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 such events, which we are in the process of responding to. We believe there is robust peer-reviewed published data that supports our belief that concerns raised by the FDA are anomalies and rare occurrences. For example, a June 2022 consensus statement on laparoscopic adjustable gastric band (LAGB) management, which includes the Lap-Band, by the ASMBS found that (i) a tailored approach to LAGB management during pregnancy allows patients and providers to monitor weight gain, nutritional adequacy, and fetal growth for a healthy pregnancy outcome and (ii) evidence supports LAGB placement as safe and well tolerated during pregnancy with close LAGB monitoring. While improbable, if there are additional, or more serious, adverse events for pregnant Lap-Band patients, or if the FDA issues a warning regarding, or restricts the use of, the Lap-Band with pregnant patients, or patients who may become pregnant, our business could be harmed. One of the goals of our direct-to-consumer marketing campaign is to help people understand that the Lap-Band offers unique benefits for a variety of obese patients, including patients who may become pregnant. If there is a perception that the Lap-Band is not safe for pregnant patients, it could harm our reputation and cause our Lap-Band sales to suffer. We may be unable to manage our growth effectively. Our business strategy entails significant future growth. For example, we will have to expand existing operations in order to increase revenue from our Lap-Band System and ReShapeCare, re-introduce the Obalon Balloon System, and develop our DBSN device, conduct additional clinical trials, increase our contract manufacturing capabilities, hire and train new personnel to handle the marketing and sales of our product, assist patients and healthcare providers in obtaining reimbursement for the use of our product and create and develop new applications for our technology. This growth may place significant strain on our management and financial and operational resources. Successful growth is also dependent upon our ability to implement appropriate financial and management controls, systems and procedures. Our ability to effectively manage growth depends on our success in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, for which the competition may be intense. If we fail to manage these challenges effectively, our business could be harmed. We face the risk of product liability claims that could be expensive, divert management s attention and harm our reputation and business. We may not be able to obtain adequate product liability insurance. Our business exposes us to a risk of product liability claims that is inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices. The medical device industry has historically been subject to extensive litigation over product liability claims. We have previously reported adverse events associated with the Lap-Band system, including as related to pregnant patients, and may be subject to product liability claims if our products cause, or appear to have caused, an injury. Claims may be made by consumers, healthcare providers, third-party strategic collaborators or others selling our products. We have product liability insurance, which covers the use of our products in our clinical trials and any commercial sales, in an amount we believe is appropriate. Our current product liability insurance may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all, and, if available, the coverage may not be adequate to protect us against any future product liability claims. If we are unable to obtain insurance at an acceptable cost and on acceptable terms for an adequate coverage amount, or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims, we could be exposed to significant liabilities, which may harm our business. A product liability claim, recall or other claim with respect to uninsured liabilities or for amounts in excess of insured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These liabilities could prevent or interfere with our product commercialization efforts. Defending a suit, regardless of merit, could be costly, could divert management attention and might result in adverse publicity, which could result in the withdrawal of, or inability to recruit, clinical trial volunteers or result in reduced acceptance of our products in the market. We may be subject to product liability claims even if it appears that the claimed injury is due to the actions of others. For example, we rely on the expertise of surgeons and other associated medical personnel to perform the medical procedure to implant and remove our products and to perform the related therapy. If these medical personnel are not properly trained or are negligent, the therapeutic effect of our products may be diminished or the patient may suffer critical injury, which may subject us to liability. In addition, an injury that is caused by the negligence of one of our suppliers in supplying us with a defective component that injures a patient could be the basis for a claim against us. A product liability claim, regardless of its merit or eventual outcome, could result in decreased demand for our products; injury to our reputation; diversion of management s attention; withdrawal of clinical trial participants; significant costs 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 of related litigation; substantial monetary awards to patients; product recalls or market withdrawals; loss of revenue; and the inability to commercialize our products under development. Risks Related to Intellectual Property If we are unable to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights relating to our technology and neuroblocking therapy, the commercial value of our technology and any future products will be adversely affected and our competitive position will be harmed. Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain protection in the United States and other countries for our Lap-Band System, ReShapeCare, Obalon Balloon System, and DBSN device by establishing and maintaining intellectual property rights relating to or incorporated into our technology and products. We own numerous U.S. and foreign patents and have numerous patent applications pending, most of which pertain to treating gastrointestinal disorders and the treatment of obesity. We have also received or applied for additional patents outside the United States. Our pending and future patent applications may not issue as patents or, if issued, may not issue in a form that will provide us any competitive advantage. We expect to incur substantial costs in obtaining patents and, if necessary, defending our proprietary rights. The patent positions of medical device companies, including ours, can be highly uncertain and involve complex and evolving legal and factual questions. We do not know whether we will obtain the patent protection we seek, or that the protection we do obtain will be found valid and enforceable if challenged. If we fail to obtain adequate protection of our intellectual property, or if any protection we obtain is reduced or eliminated, others could use our intellectual property without compensating us, resulting in harm to our business. We may also determine that it is in our best interests to voluntarily challenge a third-party s products or patents in litigation or administrative proceedings, including patent interferences, re-examinations or under more recently promulgated Inter Partes Review proceedings, depending on when the patent application was filed. In the event that we seek to enforce any of our owned or exclusively licensed patents against an infringing party, it is likely that the party defending the claim will seek to invalidate the patents we assert, which, if successful could result in the loss of the entire patent or the relevant portion of our patent, which would not be limited to any particular party. Any litigation to enforce or defend our patent rights, even if we were to prevail, could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Even if we were to prevail in any litigation, we cannot assure you that we can obtain an injunction that prevents our competitors from practicing our patented technology. Our competitors may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or products without infringing any of our patent or other intellectual property rights, or may design around our proprietary technologies. We cannot assure you that we will obtain any patent protection that we seek, that any protection we do obtain will be found valid and enforceable if challenged or that it will confer any significant commercial advantage. U.S. patents and patent applications may also be subject to interference proceedings and U.S. patents may be subject to re-examination proceedings in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ), or under more recently promulgated Inter Partes Review proceedings, depending on when the patent application was filed, and foreign patents may be subject to opposition or comparable proceedings in the corresponding foreign patent offices, which proceedings could result in either loss of the patent or denial of the patent application, or loss or reduction in the scope of one or more of the claims of, the patent or patent application. In addition, such interference, re-examination and opposition proceedings may be costly. Moreover, the U.S. patent laws have recently changed with the adoption of the America Invents Act AIA ), possibly making it easier to challenge patents. Some of our technology was, and continues to be, developed in conjunction with third parties, and thus there is a risk that such third parties may claim rights in our intellectual property. Thus, any patents that we own or license from others may provide limited or no protection against competitors. Our pending patent applications, those we may file in the future, or those we may license from third parties, may not result in patents being issued. If issued, they may not provide us with proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar technology. We may lose important patents or patent rights if we do not timely pay required patent fees or annuities. We have, from time to time, experienced delays in the payment of required patent fees or annuities. Non-payment or delay in payment of patent fees or annuities, whether intentional or unintentional, may result in loss of patents or patent rights important to our business. Many countries, including certain countries in Europe, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 of the patent. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States, particularly in the field of medical products and procedures. Many of our competitors have significant resources and incentives to apply for and obtain intellectual property rights that could limit or prevent our ability to commercialize our current or future products in the United States or abroad. Many of our competitors who have significant resources and have made substantial investments in competing technologies may seek to apply for and obtain patents that will prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use or sell our products either in the U.S. or in international markets. Our current or future U.S. or foreign patents may be challenged, circumvented by competitors or others or may be found to be invalid, unenforceable or insufficient. In most cases in the United States patent applications are published 18 months after filing the application, or corresponding applications are published in other countries, and since publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file patent applications for such inventions. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. In addition to patented technology, we rely on our unpatented proprietary technology, trade secrets, processes and know-how. We generally seek to protect this information by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and third parties. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. To the extent that our employees, consultants or contractors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. Intellectual property litigation is a common tactic in the medical device industry to gain competitive advantage. If we become subject to a lawsuit, we may be required to expend significant financial and other resources and our management s attention may be diverted from our business. There has been a history of frequent and extensive litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the medical device industry, and companies in the medical device industry have employed intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage. Accordingly, we may become subject to patent infringement claims or litigation in a court of law, or interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine the priority of inventions or an opposition to a patent grant in a foreign jurisdiction. We may also become subject to claims or litigation seeking payment of royalties based on sales of our product in connection with licensing or similar joint development arrangements with third parties or in connection with claims of patent infringement. The defense and prosecution of intellectual property suits, USPTO interference proceedings, reexamination proceedings, or under more recently promulgated Inter Partes Review proceedings, depending on when the patent application was filed, or opposition proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings, are both costly and time consuming and could result in substantial uncertainty to us. Litigation or regulatory proceedings may also be necessary to enforce patent or other intellectual property rights of ours or to determine the scope and validity of other parties proprietary rights. Any litigation, opposition or interference proceedings, with or without merit, may result in substantial expense to us, cause significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention of our technical and management personnel and harm our reputation. We may not have the financial resources to defend our patents from infringement or claims of invalidity. An adverse determination in any litigation could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require us to seek licenses from or pay royalties to third parties or prevent us from manufacturing, selling or using our proposed products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. Our Lap-Band System, ReShapeCare, Obalon Balloon System or DBSN device may infringe or be claimed to infringe patents that we do not own or license, including patents that may issue in the future based on patent applications of which we are currently aware, as well as applications of which we are unaware. For example, we are aware of other companies that are investigating neurostimulation, including neuroblocking, and of patents and published patent applications held by companies in those fields. While we believe that none of such patents and patent applications are applicable to our products and technologies under development, third parties who own or control these patents and patent applications in the United States and abroad could bring claims against us that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if such claims are successfully asserted against us, they could cause us to pay substantial damages, could 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 result in an injunction preventing us from selling, manufacturing or using our proposed products and would divert management s attention. Because patent applications in many countries such as the United States are maintained under conditions of confidentiality and can take many years to issue, there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware, and which may later result in issued patents that our products infringe. If a patent infringement suit were brought against us, we could be forced to stop our ongoing or planned clinical trials, or delay or abandon commercialization of the product that is subject of the suit. As a result of patent infringement claims, or to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek a license from a third-party and be required to pay license fees or royalties, or both. A license may not be available at all or on commercially reasonable terms, and we may not be able to redesign our products to avoid infringement. Modification of our products or development of new products could require us to conduct additional clinical trials and to revise our filings with the FDA and other regulatory bodies, which would be time-consuming and expensive. Even if we were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations if, as a result of actual or threatened patent infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. This could harm our business significantly. We are currently in a lawsuit, and may in the future become involved in lawsuits, to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which can be expensive and time consuming and could result in the diversion of significant resources. On March 9, 2023, we filed a patent infringement complaint against Allurion Technologies, Inc. in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. The complaint alleges that Allurion is infringing at least two claims of our U.S. Patent No. 10,463,520, which is related to our Obalon balloon system, by making the Allurion Gastric Balloon system in the U.S. for exportation and/or sales from the U.S and/or for potential sales in the U.S. relating to Allurion s application to the FDA to sell the Allurion Gastric Balloon in the U.S. The complaint seeks, among other relief, damages for Allurion s alleged infringement of the 520 patent, in an amount not less than a reasonable royalty. This matter is in its early stages and we are unable to predict its outcome at this time. We may in the future seek to enforce our patents or other proprietary rights against other potential infringements. Adverse proceedings such as litigation or challenges to the validity of our patents can be expensive, time consuming and may divert the efforts of our technical and managerial personnel, which could in turn harm our business, whether or not we receive a determination favorable to us. In addition, in an infringement or other adverse proceeding, a court may decide that the patent we seek to enforce is invalid or unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that the patent in question does not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or proceeding could place one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, interpreted narrowly or found unenforceable. Some of our competitors may be able to devote significantly more resources to intellectual property litigation, and may have significantly broader patent portfolios to assert against us, if we assert our rights against them. Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and is likely to be volatile in the future. The trading price of our common stock has been highly volatile. The market price for our common stock will be affected by a number of factors, including: the denial or delay of regulatory clearances or approvals of our product or receipt of regulatory approval of competing products; our ability to accomplish clinical, regulatory and other product development milestones and to do so in accordance with the timing estimates we have publicly announced; changes in policies affecting third-party coverage and reimbursement in the United States and other countries; changes in government regulations and standards affecting the medical device industry and our product; ability of our products to achieve market success; the performance of third-party contract manufacturers and component suppliers; our ability to develop sales and marketing capabilities; actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 announcements of new products, technological innovations or product advancements by us or our competitors; developments with respect to patents and other intellectual property rights; sales of common stock or other securities by us or our stockholders in the future; additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; the trading volume of our common stock; changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, failure to obtain or maintain analyst coverage of our common stock or our failure to achieve analyst earnings estimates; public statements by analysts or clinicians regarding their perceptions of our clinical results or the effectiveness of our products; decreases in market valuations of medical device companies; and general market conditions and other factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors. 
 The stock prices of many companies in the medical device industry have experienced wide fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. Following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation often has been initiated against a company. If class action litigation is initiated against us, we may incur substantial costs and our management s attention may be diverted from our operations, which could significantly harm our business. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by existing stockholders, or the perception that they may occur, could cause our stock price to decline. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock by us or by our stockholders, announcements of the proposed sales of substantial amounts of our common stock or the perception that substantial sales may be made, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We may issue additional shares of our common stock in follow-on offerings to raise additional capital, upon the exercise of options or warrants, or in connection with acquisitions or corporate alliances. We also plan to issue additional shares to our employees, directors or consultants in connection with their services to us. All of the currently outstanding shares of our common stock are freely tradable under federal and state securities laws, except for shares held by our directors, officers and certain greater than five percent stockholders, which may be subject to holding period, volume and other limitations under Rule 144. Due to these factors, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time and could reduce the market price of our common stock. We have a significant number of outstanding warrants, which may cause significant dilution to our stockholders, have a material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for us to raise funds through future equity offerings. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding 519,219 shares of common stock. In addition, we had outstanding warrants to acquire 193,476 shares of common stock. Subsequent to year-end we issued additional warrants in connection with the public offering in February 2023, of which 352,500 warrants are outstanding, that include an alternative cashless exercise pursuant to which the holders would receive an aggregate number of shares of common stock equal to product of (x) the aggregate number of shares of common stock that would be issuable upon a cash exercise and (y) 0.50. The issuance of shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrants would dilute the percentage ownership interest of all stockholders, might dilute the book value per share of our common stock and would increase the number of our publicly traded shares, which could depress the market price of our common stock. In addition to the dilutive effects described above, the perceived risk of dilution as a result of the significant number of outstanding warrants may cause our common stockholders to be more inclined to sell their shares, which would contribute to a downward movement in the price of our common stock. Moreover, the perceived risk of dilution and the resulting downward pressure on our common stock price could encourage investors to engage in short sales of our common stock, which could further contribute to price declines in our common stock. The fact that our stockholders and warrant holders can sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, could make it more difficult for us to raise additional funds through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate, or at all. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 If we fail to meet all applicable Nasdaq Capital Market requirements, Nasdaq could delist our common stock, which could adversely affect the market liquidity of our common stock and the market price of our common stock could decrease. Nasdaq monitors our ongoing compliance with its minimum listing requirements and if we fail to meet those requirements and cannot cure such failure in the prescribed period of time, our common stock could be subject to delisting from the Nasdaq market. In the event that our common stock is delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market and is not eligible for quotation or listing on another market or exchange, trading of our common stock could be conducted only in the over-the-counter market or on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted securities such as the Pink Sheets or the OTC Bulletin Board. In such event, it could become more difficult to dispose of, or obtain accurate price quotations for, our common stock, and there would likely also be a reduction in our coverage by securities analysts and the news media, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline further. Also, it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital if we are not listed on a major exchange. For example, on July 19, 2022, we received a written notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market indicating that we were not in compliance with the 1.00 minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The notice provided that we have until January 16, 2023 to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance with the bid price requirement, we effected a 1-for-50 reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock on December 23, 2022. On January 17, 2023, Nasdaq provided us with written confirmation that we have regained compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) and the matter is now closed. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. In order to raise additional capital for general corporate purposes, in the future we may offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may be lower than the current price per share of our common stock. In addition, investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid by investors in prior offerings. Our organizational documents and Delaware law make a takeover of our company more difficult, which may prevent certain changes in control and limit the market price of our common stock. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law contain provisions that may have the effect of deterring or delaying attempts by our stockholders to remove or replace management, engage in proxy contests and effect changes in control. These provisions include: the ability of our board of directors to create and issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to implement anti-takeover devices; the authority for our board of directors to issue without stockholder approval up to the number of shares of common stock authorized in our certificate of incorporation, that, if issued, would dilute the ownership of our stockholders; the advance notice requirement for director nominations or for proposals that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings; a classified and staggered board of directors, which may make it more difficult for a person who acquires control of a majority of our outstanding voting stock to replace all or a majority of our directors; the prohibition on actions by written consent of our stockholders; the limitation on who may call a special meeting of stockholders; the prohibition on stockholders accumulating their votes for the election of directors; and the ability of stockholders to amend our bylaws only upon receiving a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of all outstanding shares then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder unless certain specific requirements are met as set forth in Section 203. These provisions, alone 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 or together, could have the effect of deterring or delaying changes in incumbent management, proxy contests or changes in control. These provisions also could discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. The existence of these provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may deter third parties from acquiring us, which may limit the market price of our common stock. We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future, and any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. We have never paid dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on our earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We lease approximately 14,479 square feet of office/warehouse space in San Clemente, California under an operating lease that expires June 30, 2023. On March 13, 2023 we entered into a lease for approximately 5,038 square feet of office/warehouse space at 18 Technology Drive, Suite 110, Irvine, California 92618 and intend to relocate our principal executive offices from our current San Clemente, California location to the Irvine, California location. The Irvine California lease has a term of 36 months commencing on May 1, 2023. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS On August 6, 2021, Cowen and Company, LLC Cowen filed a complaint against ReShape, as successor in interest to Obalon Therapeutics, in the Supreme Court of the State of New York based on an alleged breach of contract arising out of Cowen s prior engagement as Obalon s financial advisor. The complaint alleged that Cowen is entitled to be paid a 1.35 million fee in connection with ReShape s merger with Obalon under the terms of Cowen s engagement agreement with Obalon. The complaint also sought reimbursement of Cowen s attorneys fees and interest in connection with its claim. On December 6, 2022, the Court granted Cowen s motion for summary judgment and directed ReShape to pay Cowen the principal amount of 1.35 million, plus interest at the statutory rate of 9 per annum from June 16, 2021, and to reimburse Cowen s attorneys fees. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II. ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUIT Y, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq under the symbol RSLS . Number of Stockholders As of April 14, 2023, there were approximately 33 holders of record of our common stock. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans The information required by this Item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities None, except as previously disclosed. Uses of Proceeds from Sale of Registered Securities None. Dividend Policy We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. The board of directors presently intends to retain all earnings for use in our business and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We do not have a dividend reinvestment plan or a direct stock purchase plan. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities None. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The factors listed in Item 1A Risk Factors, as well as any cautionary language in this Form 10-K, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events after the date of this report. Overview We are the premier global weight-loss solutions company, offering an integrated portfolio of proven products and services that manage and treat obesity and associated metabolic disease. Our primary operations are in the following geographical areas: United States, Australia and certain European and Middle Eastern countries. Our current portfolio includes the Lap-Band Adjustable Gastric Banding System, the ReShapeCare virtual health coaching program, the ReShape Marketplace, the Obalon Balloon System, and the Diabetes Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation device, a technology under development as a new treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus. There has been no revenue recorded for the Obalon Balloon System, and there has been no revenue recorded for the ReShape Vest or the Diabetes Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation as these products are still in the development stage. Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements The accompanying Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Overview and Results of Operations gives effect to the restatement of the Company s previously reported consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has restated the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. This restatement related to the Company incorrectly capitalizing a D O tail insurance policy and other immaterial out of period corrections for stock based compensation expense, legal accruals and tax valuation allowances related to the impairment of certain assets. For additional information and a detailed discussion of the restatement, see Note 2 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Restatement adjustments have also been made to the previously reported unaudited consolidated financial statements for the interim periods ended September 30, 2022, June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, September 30, 2021, and June 30, 2021. For additional information related to the interim period restatements, see Note 2 and Note 3 in the notes or our consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. Recent Developments On February 16, 2022, the Company renewed the office space lease in San Clemente, California for one year. This lease renewal will commence on July 1, 2022, and end on June 30, 2023. On March 13, 2023 we entered into a lease for approximately 5,038 square feet of office/warehouse space at 18 Technology Drive, Suite 110, Irvine, California 92618 and intend to relocate our principal executive offices from our current San Clemente, California location to the Irvine, California location. The Irvine California lease has a term of 36 months commencing on May 1, 2023. On September 16, 2022, the Company was awarded 300 thousand, Small Business Innovation Research grant for the development of ReShape s Diabetes Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation device. This device utilizes its proprietary vagus nerve block (vBloc) technology platform, combined with vagus nerve stimulation, for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes and metabolic disorders. Specifically, the grant will fund development of the device for the treatment hypoglycemia. On July 27, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors has appointed Paul F. Hickey as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors, effective August 15, 2022. Mr. Hickey succeeds 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Bart Bandy, who has separated from the Company to pursue other opportunities. Thomas Stankovich, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, served as Interim President and Chief Executive Officer until Mr. Hickey joined the Company. Dan W. Gladney, current Chair of the Board of Directors, assumed a more active role as Executive Chair, supporting Mr. Hickey and the Company on strategic matters. On February 8, 2023, the Company closed a public offering of 1,275,000 units, with each consisting of one share of its common stock, or one pre-funded warrant to purchase one share of its common stock, and one warrant to purchase one-half shares of its common stock. Each unit was sold at public offering price of 8.00. The warrants in the units are immediately exercisable at a price of 8.00 per share (or pursuant to the alternative cashless exercise provision described above) and expire five years from the date of issuance. Gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses, are approximately 10.2 million. Financial Overview Results of Operations The following table sets forth certain data from our operating results from the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, expressed as percentages of net revenue (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 As Restated Revenue 11,240 100.0 13,600 100.0 Cost of revenue 4,438 39.5 5,252 38.6 Gross profit 6,802 60.5 8,348 61.4 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 14,093 125.4 8,893 65.4 General and administrative 17,250 153.5 24,319 178.8 Research and development 2,537 22.6 2,369 17.4 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill 18,744 166.8 30,649 225.4 Loss on disposal of assets, net 529 4.7 Total operating expenses 53,153 473.0 66,230 487.0 Operating loss (46,351) (412.4) (57,882) (425.6) Other expense (income), net: Interest expense, net 113 1.0 832 6.1 Warrant expense 2,813 20.7 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 2,061 15.2 Loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange, net 141 1.3 (168) (1.2) Other (11) (0.1) Loss before income tax provision (46,594) (414.6) (63,420) (466.3) Income tax benefit (380) (3.4) (274) (2.0) Net loss (46,214) (411.3) (63,146) (464.3) Non-GAAP Disclosures In addition to the financial information prepared in conformity with GAAP, we provide certain historical non-GAAP financial information. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures assist investors in making comparisons of period-to-period operating results and that, in some respects, these non-GAAP financial measures are more indicative of the Company s ongoing core operating performance than their GAAP equivalents. Management believes that the presentation of this non-GAAP financial information provides investors with greater transparency and facilitates comparison of operating results across a broad spectrum of companies with varying capital structures, compensation strategies, derivative instruments, and amortization methods, which provides a more complete understanding of our financial performance, competitive position, and prospects for the future. However, the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Form 10-K have certain limitations in that they do not reflect all of the costs associated with the operations of our business as determined in accordance with GAAP. Therefore, investors 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 should consider non-GAAP financial measures in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or as superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Further, the non-GAAP financial measures presented by the Company may be different from similarly named non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. Adjusted EBITDA Management uses Adjusted EBITDA in its evaluation of the Company s core results of operations and trends between fiscal periods and believes that these measures are important components of its internal performance measurement process. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, and other one-time costs. Therefore, investors should consider non-GAAP financial measures in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or as superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Further, the non-GAAP financial measures presented by the Company may be different from similarly named non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The following table contains a reconciliation of GAAP net loss to non-GAAP net loss attributable to common stockholders for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 As Restated GAAP net loss (46,214) (63,146) Adjustments: Interest expense, net 113 832 Income tax benefit (380) (274) Depreciation and amortization 2,153 1,971 Stock-based compensation expense 2,087 12,227 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill 18,744 30,649 Loss on disposal of assets, net 529 Loss on extinguishment of debt, net 2,061 Warrant expense 2,813 Professional fees incurred in connection with the Obalon merger 2,277 Non-GAAP loss (22,968) (10,590) Comparison of Results of Operations Revenue. The following table summarizes our net revenue by geographic location based on the location of customers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as the percentage by location of total revenue and the amount of change and percentage of change (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, Amount Percentage 2022 2021 Change Change United States 9,230 82.2 10,297 75.7 (1,067) (10.4) Australia 688 6.1 1,039 7.6 (351) (33.8) Europe 1,252 11.1 2,127 15.7 (875) (41.1) Rest of world 70 0.6 137 1.0 (67) (48.9) Total revenue 11,240 100.0 13,600 100.0 (2,360) (17.4) Revenue totaled 11.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which represents a contraction of 17.4 , or 2.4 million compared to the same period in 2021. The primary reason for the decrease, is due to the emergence in late 2021 of the fast-spreading omicron variants of COVID-19 resulting in a significant rise in global cases causing a significant number of bariatric centers to close December 2021 through February 2022, as the omicron variant began to subside. This resulted in a significant impact within the United States and throughout Europe. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit: The following table summarizes our cost of goods sold and gross profit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as percentage of total revenue and the amount of change and percentage of change (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, Amount Percentage 2022 2021 Change Change Revenue 11,240 100.0 13,600 100.0 (2,360) (17.4) Cost of revenue 4,438 39.5 5,252 38.6 (814) (15.5) Gross profit 6,802 60.5 8,348 61.4 (1,546) (18.5) Gross profit. Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 6.8 million, compared to 8.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 1.5 million or 18.5 . Gross profit as a percentage of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 60.5 compared to 61.4 for the same period in 2021. The decrease in gross profit margin is primarily due to a decrease in sales, as revenue decrease by 17.4 , with the largest decrease of revenue in the United States, which has a higher margin than international. Operating Expenses: The following table summarizes our operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as the percentage of total revenue, and the amount of changes and percentage of change (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, Amount Percentage 2022 2021 Change Change As Restated Sales and marketing 14,093 125.4 8,893 65.4 5,200 58.5 General and administrative 17,250 153.5 24,319 178.8 (7,069) (29.1) Research and development 2,537 22.6 2,369 17.4 168 7.1 Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill 18,744 166.8 30,649 225.4 (11,905) (38.8) Loss on disposal of assets, net 529 4.7 529 100.0 Total operating expenses 53,153 473.0 66,230 487.0 (13,077) (19.7) Sales and Marketing Expense. Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased by 5.2 million, or 58.5 , to 14.1 million, compared to 8.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to an increase in advertising and marketing costs of 3.9 million, as the Company launched its direct to consumer campaign during the fourth quarter of 2021 and expanded this campaign during the first half of 2022. In addition, we had an increase in payroll related and travel expenses of 1.3 million, as we continue to strengthen our commercial organization and have hired a Senior VP of Commercial Operations, as well as additional sales personnel. There was an increase in consulting and professional services of 0.9 million, as we are working on developing the ReShapeCare platform. This was offset by a decrease of stock based compensation expense of 0.6 million, as during the third quarter of 2021, the Company issued both RSUs and stock options that contained a look back provision and a decrease in commissions of 0.3 million due to a reduction in sales. General and Administrative Expense. General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, decreased by 7.1 million, or 28.5 , to 17.4 million, compared to 24.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease of 8.7 million in stock-based compensation expense, as during the third quarter of 2021, the Company issued both RSUs and stock options containing a look back provision. In addition, there was a reduction in audit, consulting and professional fees of 1.6 million, as we had higher costs during 2021 due to the merger with Obalon. This was offset by an increase of legal expense of 2.6 million, primarily related to recording litigation settlements of 2.7 million during 2022. Additionally, there was an increase in payroll related costs of 0.5 million due to personnel changes and an increase in rent of 0.1 million due to the additional facility and extending the corporate lease. Research and Development Expense. Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 0.2 million, or 7.3 to 2.5 million, compared to 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to an increase in consulting and professional services related to the development of ReShape s Diabetes Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation device and payroll related expenditures. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Loss on Impairment of Intangible Assets and Goodwill . The Company incurred multiple impairments charges totaling 18.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recorded an impairment charge of 7.4 million of in-process IPR D and trademarks related to the ReShape Vest due to the Company no longer continuing with clinical trials. In addition, due to a reduction in our market capitalization at year end the Company impaired the developed technology and trademarks for both the Lap-Band and Obalon Balloon of 8.9 million and 2.4 million, respectively, due to reduced projected near-term future net cash flows related to the Lap-Band and no near-term revenue for the Obalon Balloon. The Company incurred two impairment charges totaling 30.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 23.5 million due to a reduction in our market capitalization at year end. In addition, an impairment charge of 7.2 million was recorded, due to a reduction in our market capitalization coupled with the effects of the delays in the ReShape Vest clinical trials from the COVID-19 pandemic thus reducing the near-term future net cash flows. Loss on Disposal of Assets, net. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company disposed of 0.5 million, primarily of assets that were acquired from the merger with Obalon. Net Interest Expense. Net interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, of 0.1 million primarily relates to interest accrued regarding a litigation ruling. Net interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021, of 0.8 million primarily relates to the debt that was extinguished during the second quarter of 2021. Warrant Expense . Warrant expense was 2.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The warrant expense relates to the issuance of warrants and common stock in connection with the exchange agreement entered with an investor that held Obalon warrants and exercised the fundamental transaction provision of their warrants. Loss on Extinguishment of Debt, net. Loss on extinguishment of debt, net for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 2.1 million, which consisted of losses of 3.0 million related to the fair value of the warrants issued in connection with the January 19, 2021, credit agreement amendments and 0.1 million related to the early payment of the debt. These losses were offset by a 1.0 million gain on the full extinguishment of our PPP loan, as we received official confirmation of forgiveness on March 1, 2021. Income Tax Benefit . Income tax benefit was 0.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a benefit of 0.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have financed our operations to date principally through the sale of equity securities and debt financings. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we received proceeds of 3.1 million and 45.6 million, respectively, from securities sales and exercises of warrants by an institutional investor, and 1.0 million during 2021, from the credit agreement with an institutional investor. As of December 31, 2022, we had 3.9 million of cash and cash equivalents, and 100 thousand of restricted cash. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 The following table summarizes our change in cash and cash equivalents (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 As Restated Net cash used in operating activities (21,902) (15,375) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activates (92) 1,855 Net cash provided by financing activities 3,130 33,299 Effect of exchange rate changes 4 29 Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (18,860) 19,808 Net Cash Used in Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was 21.9 million and 15.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was primarily the result of our net loss of 46.2 million, partially offset by non-cash adjustments of loss on impairment of intangible assets of 18.7 million, stock-based compensation expense of 2.1 million, amortization of intangible assets of 1.8 million, loss on disposal of assets of 0.5 million, provision for excess and obsolete inventory of 0.6 million, depreciation expense of 0.3 million, offset by non-cash reductions of expense for deferred taxes of 0.4 million. We show a negative cash impact to inventory of 1.2 million and warranty liability of 0.4 million. This was offset by a positive impact to accounts receivable of 0.7 million, prepaid expenses of 1.1 million and accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 0.5 million. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily the result of our net loss of 63.1 million, partially offset by non-cash adjustments for loss on impairment of intangible assets and goodwill of 30.7 million, stock-based compensation expense of 12.2 million, amortization of intangible assets of 1.7 million, net loss on extinguishment of debt of 2.1 million, warrant expense of 2.8 million and amortization of debt discount of 0.5 million, offset by non-cash reductions of expense for deferred taxes of 0.2 million. We show a negative cash impact to accounts receivable of 0.3 million, due primarily to an increase in sales, a negative cash impact from increased prepaids of 0.1 million and warranty liability of 0.7 million, and a cash outflow for accounts payable and accruals of 1.3 million as the Company paid down its vendors and liabilities with the funds received from the June 2021 equity raise. Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 0.1 million, primarily related to tooling equipment. Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 1.9 million, which was comprised of 5.2 million of cash received in connection with the merger with Obalon, offset by 3.0 million for the final payment for our acquisition of the Lap-Band product line, as well as 0.3 million of capital expenditures primarily related to the completion of moving manufacturing from Costa Rica to the United States. Net Cash Provided by Financing Net cash provided by financing activities was 3.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to proceeds of 2.5 million received from the exercises of warrants from an institutional investor and 0.6 million of securities sold to an institutional investor. Net cash provided by financing activities was 33.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to proceeds of 45.6 million received from the exercises of warrants from institutional investors, 1.0 million received from the credit agreement with an institutional investor, and 0.4 million in proceeds received from stock option exercises, offset by the early payment of 10.5 million to pay off the credit agreement and 3.2 million for financing costs. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Capital and Capital Expenditure Requirements The Company currently does not generate revenue sufficient to offset operating costs and anticipates such shortfalls to continue partially due to the unpredictability of COVID-19, which may result in a slow-down of elective surgeries and restrictions in some locations and supply chain disruptions. The Company s anticipated operations include plans to (i) grow sales and operations of the Company with the Lap-Band product line both domestically and internationally as well as to obtain cost savings synergies, (ii) introduce to the market place ReShapeCare and ReShape Marketplace as an extension, (iii) ramp up a focused approach of marketing to increase brand recognition, create customer awareness and increase the patient demand, (iv) continue development of the DBSN device, (v) seek opportunities to leverage our intellectual property portfolio and custom development services to provide third-party sales and licensing opportunities, and (vi) explore and capitalize on synergistic opportunities to expand our portfolio and offer future minimally invasive treatments and therapies in the obesity continuum of care, including Lap-Band 2.0 and the Obalon Balloon System. The Company believes that it has the flexibility to manage the growth of its expenditures and operations depending on the amount of available cash flows, which could include reducing expenditures for marketing, clinical and product development activities. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of medical devices, such as our Diabetes Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation, we are unable to estimate the exact amounts of capital outlays and operating expenditures necessary to complete the development of the Diabetes Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation or other additional products and successfully deliver a commercial product to the market. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the following: the cost and timing of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; the cost of establishing clinical and commercial supplies of our Diabetes Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation, and any products that we may develop; the rate of market acceptance of our Diabetes Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation, and any other product candidates; the cost of filing and prosecuting patent applications and defending and enforcing our patent and other intellectual property rights; the cost of defending, in litigation or otherwise, any claims that we infringe third-party patent or other intellectual property rights; the effect of competing products and market developments; the cost of explanting clinical devices; the terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing or other arrangements that we may establish; any revenue generated by sales of our L ap -B and , ReShapeCare, ReShape Marketplace, Obalon Balloon System, Diabetes Bloc-Stim Neuromodulation or our future products; the scope, rate of progress, results and cost of our clinical trials and other research and development activities; the cost and timing of obtaining any further required regulatory approvals; and the extent to which we invest in products and technologies, although we currently have no commitments or agreements relating to any of these types of transactions. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the following accounting policies and estimates are most critical to a full understanding and evaluation of our reported financial results. Intangible Assets and Long-Lived Assets We acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset purchases. The acquired intangible assets are recorded at fair value, which is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. The determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including, but not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, the assessment of the asset s life cycle, including the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, and the consideration of legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks. Developed technology acquired in business combinations is reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. Additionally, management reviews the carrying amounts of other intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an asset may not be recoverable. The impairment reviews require significant estimates about fair value, including estimation of future cash flows, selection of an appropriate discount rate, and estimates of long-term growth rates. Acquisition The Company accounts for business combinations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations. The results of businesses acquired in a business combination are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. Purchase accounting results in assets and liabilities of an acquired business generally being recorded at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. Any excess consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill. Transaction costs associated with business combinations are expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative related costs in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company performs valuations of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and allocates the purchase price to its respective assets and liabilities. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management to use significant judgment and estimates. Stock-based Compensation We measure and recognize compensation expenses for all stock-based awards based on estimated fair values. Stock-based awards consist of stock options and restricted stock units. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. The Black-Scholes models require various highly judgmental assumptions, including stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected option term. Stock-based compensation expense is recorded net of estimated forfeitures. Income Taxes Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance for deferred income tax assets is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The Company s policy is to classify interest and penalties related to income taxes as income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for a discussion of new accounting standards that have been adopted and those not yet adopted. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Index to Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (RSM US LLP, PCAOB ID 55 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (BDO USA, LLP, PCAOB ID 243) Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets 56 Consolidated Statements of Operations 57 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 58 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 59 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 60 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 61 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of ReShape Lifesciences Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of ReShape Lifesciences Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Substantial Doubt About the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses and negative cash flows. The Company currently does not generate revenue sufficient to offset operating costs and anticipates such shortfalls to continue. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters also are described in Note 5. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Going Concern As described in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company disclosed certain adverse conditions that raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least one year from the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements. The Company further disclosed certain plans identified by management, which involve the use of significant judgment, planned to mitigate the conditions that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. We identified the Company s assessment of its liquidity and management s plans to continue as a going concern as a critical audit matter because of the significant assumptions management made in determining the reasonableness of management s cash flow forecast for a period of one year from the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements. Auditing management s assumptions involved a high degree of auditor judgment and an increase in audit effort. Our audit procedures related to the cash flow forecast included the following, among others: We obtained management s going concern assessment and evaluated the reasonableness of both the likelihood that management could implement its plans and how the implementation of those plans impacted the identified adverse conditions. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s cash flow forecast by performing the following procedures, among others: o We tested subsequent event activity including cash received in connection with the offering completed subsequent to December 31, 2022, but prior to the issuance of the financial statements. o We evaluated the reasonableness of forecasted revenues and gross profits assumptions by comparing to budgets provided to the board of directors, to historical results, to recent trends and industry forecasts and to projections used in other audit areas. We evaluated the reasonableness of the forecasted nature, amount and timing of operating expenditure reductions by review of management s identification of non-recurring expenses and by comparing budgeted amounts to historical results, trends over recent history, and subsequent actual results during 2023. o We evaluated whether the estimates of future revenues and expenses were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. We evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures included in the financial statements regarding management s plan. Long- Lived Asset Impairment As described in Notes 7, 8 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s net consolidated property and equipment and intangible assets balances were 0.7 million and 0.26 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded impairment charges for long-lived assets of 11.8 million. As further described in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company assesses the potential impairment of long- lived assets, principally property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset group may not be fully recoverable. If an indicator of impairment exists for any of its asset groups, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows, over the life of the primary asset for each asset group is compared to that long- lived asset group s carrying value. If the carrying value of the asset group is greater than the estimated future undiscounted cash flow, the Company then determines the fair value of the assets, and if an asset is determined to be impaired, the impairment loss is measured by the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. When estimating the undiscounted future cash flows and the fair value of assets the Company makes significant assumptions, including the revenues projections, cash flow projections, discount rates and royalty rates for definite-lived intangible assets. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 We identified the impairment of long- lived assets as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by the Company in determining the undiscounted future cash flows and the determination of fair value of assets. Auditing management s judgments regarding estimated future cash flows and the fair value of assets involved a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort, including the use of valuation specialists. Our audit procedures related to the impairment of long-lived assets included the following: We evaluated the reasonableness of management s assumptions of revenue growth rates and operating margins by comparing management s prior forecast to historical results, comparing the projections for consistency to the Company s strategic plans and initiatives and comparing the projections to industry forecasts. We evaluated the reasonableness of the overall asset group valuation by comparing the Company s valuation to the publicly available market capitalization data for the Company and the valuation indications based on the subsequent equity raise. With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation method utilized, including an evaluation of the reasonableness of the discount rate utilized by testing the source information underlying the determination of the royalty rates and discount rates and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculations . 
 We selected a sample of property and equipment items to trace to available market data to determine the appropriateness of management s assumptions. 
 We evaluated whether the estimates of revenue growth rates and cash flows were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. April 17, 2023 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and Board of Directors ReShape Lifesciences, Inc. San Clemente, California Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of ReShape Lifesciences, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Restatement to Correct 2021 Misstatements As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the 2021 financial statements have been restated to correct misstatements. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ BDO USA, LLP We have served as the Company s auditor from 2019 to 2022 Costa Mesa, California April 8, 2022, except for the effect of the one-for-fifty reverse stock split discussed in Note 4 as to which the date isJanuary 12, 2023 and the impact of the restatement discussed in Note 2 as to which the date is April 17, 2023. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 As Restated ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and respectively) Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Deferred tax asset, net Other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other liabilities Warranty liability, current Operating lease liabilities, current Total current liabilities Warranty liability, noncurrent Deferred tax liability, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, shares authorized: Series C convertible preferred stock, par value; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Common stock, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 As Restated Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing General and administrative Research and development Impairment of intangible assets and goodwill Loss on disposal of assets, net Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) Other expense (income), net: Interest expense, net Warrant expense Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Loss (Gain) on foreign currency exchange, net ) Other ) Loss before income tax provision ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) Net loss ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted: Net loss per share - basic and diluted ) ) Shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 As Restated Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Other comprehensive income, net of tax Comprehensive loss ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Series B Convertible Series C Convertible Series D Mirroring Additional Accumulated Other Total Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Income (Loss) Equity Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss (As Restated) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance of common stock pursuant to reverse acquisition ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net (As Restated) Stock options exercised Issuance of stock from RSUs Issuance of warrants Institutional exercise of warrants Warrant liability reclassified to equity Restricted shares issued for consulting services Balance December 31, 2021 (As Restated) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Series D Mirroring preferred stock issued Series D Mirroring preferred stock canceled ) Stock-based compensation expense, net Cancellation of common stock ) Common stock purchased Issuance of stock from RSUs Issuance of stock for bonuses Institutional exercise of warrants Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: As Restated Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation expense Amortization of intangible assets Noncash interest expense Impairment of intangible assets Loss on extinguishment of debt, net Loss on disposal of assets, net Stock-based compensation Bad debt expense ) Provision for inventory excess and obsolescence Deferred income tax ) ) Warrant expense Amortization of debt discount and deferred debt issuance costs Other noncash items ) Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of business combination: Accounts and other receivables ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Warranty liability ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Acquisition of Lap-Band product line assets ) Proceeds from acquisition Proceeds from sale of capital assets Cash (used in) provided by investing activities: ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments of financing costs ) Proceeds from sale and issuance of securities Proceeds from warrants exercised Proceeds from stock options exercised Proceeds from credit agreement Payment of credit agreement ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest Noncash investing and financing activities: Capital expenditures accruals Purchase price, net of cash received Fair value of warrants included as a component of loss on extinguishment of debt Fair value of common stock and warrants issued related to the fundamental transaction exchange Fair value of common stock issued for professional services See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 ReShape Lifesciences Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements million should not have been recorded as an asset at the time of the Obalon merger. This resulted in an increase to goodwill of million at the time of the merger and an increase to the subsequent impairment of goodwill at December 31, 2021. Additionally, the amortization of this asset 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 million, for the year ended December 31, 2021 that is now reversed. b. The Company identified certain valuation-related errors in the determination of grant date fair values related to stock options issued during the third quarter of 2021. This resulted in a reduction of stock based compensation expenses of million and a corresponding reduction to additional paid in capital for the year ended December 31, 2021. c. The Company did not appropriately establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions and did not appropriately record deferred tax valuation allowances to assets written off during the year ended December 31, 2021 and the corresponding million tax benefit. d. The Company recorded legal accruals for potential loss contingencies of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2021. e. As previously identified, the Company had an error in the computation of the weighted average shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share, refer to the statement of operations tables below. 
 The following tables summarize the effects of the restatements on each financial statement line item as of the dates and for the periods indicated. The share and per share information has been adjusted for the reverse stock splits, for further details see Note 4 below. The effects of the restatement are incorporated within Notes 2, 3, 6, 8, 9, 12, 16 and 17. ) Total current assets ) Other assets ) Total assets ) Accrued and other liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes ) Total liabilities Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) Total stockholders equity ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity ) Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Sales and marketing ) General and administrative ) Research and development ) Loss on impairment of intangible asset and goodwill Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Loss before income tax provision ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted: Net loss per share - basic and diluted ) ) ) Shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share ) 
 62 

Table of Contents) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the year ended December 31, 2021 

APIC Accumulated Deficit Total Equity As Previously As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net ) ) Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 As Previously Reported Adjustment As Restated Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Loss on impairment of intangible assets and goodwill Stock-based compensation ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Other ) Restatement of Previously Issued Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) As a result of the misstatements noted above, we have restated our previously reported unaudited consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2021 and September 30, 2021. We have also restated the unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2021, the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021, and the unaudited statement of cash flow for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 and the nine months ended September 30, 2021. The following tables present the impact of the restatements, to the applicable line items in the unaudited consolidated balance sheets, unaudited consolidated statement of operations, and unaudited statements of cash flow to the Company s previously reported consolidated financial statements for the above mentioned periods. ) Total current assets ) Goodwill Other assets ) Total assets Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 ) Total current assets ) Goodwill Other assets ) Total assets Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2021 

As Previously Reported Adjustment As Revised Net loss per share - basic and diluted ) ) Shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 

Three Months Ended June 30, 2021 Six Months Ended June 30, 2021 As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated General and administrative ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) ) Loss before income tax provision ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted: Net loss per share - basic and diluted ) ) ) ) ) ) Shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2021 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2021 As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Sales and marketing ) ) General and administrative ) ) Research and development ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) ) Loss before income tax provision ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted: Net loss per share - basic and diluted ) ) ) ) ) Shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share ) 
 64 

Table of Contents) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2021 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2021 As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Net loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the three months ended June 30, 2021 

Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity As Previously As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Balance March 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Balance June 30, 2021 ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the six months ended June 30, 2021 

Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity As Previously As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Balance June 30, 2021 ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the three months ended September 30, 2021 

Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity As Previously As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Balance June 30, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net ) ) Balance September 30, 2021 ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 

Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity As Previously As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net ) ) Balance September 30, 2021 ) ) ) 
 65 

Table of Contents) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2021 As Previously Reported Adjustment As Restated Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other ) million related to the BarioSurg, ReShape Vest, tradenames that was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022 that should have been recorded during the third quarter of 2022 and is reflected in the consolidated financial statements below. ) Total current assets ) Other assets ) Total assets ) Accrued and other liabilities Total current liabilities Total liabilities Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) Total stockholders equity ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity ) 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 ) Total current assets ) Other assets ) Total assets ) Accrued and other liabilities Total current liabilities Total liabilities Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) Total stockholders equity ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity ) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2022 

September 30, 2022 As Previously Reported Adjustments As Restated Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Total current assets ) Other intangible assets, net ) Other assets ) Total assets ) Accrued and other liabilities Total current liabilities Total liabilities Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) Total stockholders equity ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2022 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Sales and marketing ) General and administrative ) Research and development ) Total operating expenses ) Operating loss ) ) Loss before income tax provision ) ) Income tax benefit ) Net loss ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted: Net loss per share - basic and diluted ) ) Shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) General and administrative ) ) Research and development ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) ) Loss before income tax provision ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted: Net loss per share - basic and diluted ) ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2022 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Sales and marketing ) ) General and administrative ) ) Research and development ) ) Loss on impairment of intangible assets Total operating expenses ) Operating loss ) ) ) ) ) Loss before income tax provision ) ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted: Net loss per share - basic and diluted ) ) ) ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive loss for the three months ended March 31, 2022 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Net loss ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Loss for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022 

Three Months Ended June 30, 2022 Six Months Ended June 30, 2022 As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Net loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 68 

Table of Contents) ) ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2022 

Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity As Previously As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net ) ) Balance March 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the three months ended June 30, 2022 

Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity As Previously As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Balance March 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net ) ) Balance June 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the six months ended June 30, 2022 

Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity As Previously As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net ) ) Balance June 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the three months ended September 30, 2022 

Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity As Previously As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Balance June 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net ) ) Balance September 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2022 

Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Equity As Previously As Previously As Previously Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Stated Adjustments As Restated Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net ) ) 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) ) ) ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow for the three months ended March 30, 2022 

Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 As Previously Reported Adjustment As Restated Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Deferred income tax benefit ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Other ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow for the six months ended June 30, 2022 

Six Months Ended June 30, 2022 As Previously Reported Adjustment As Restated Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Deferred income tax benefit ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Other ) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow for the nine months Ended September 30, 2022 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 As Previously Reported Adjustment As Restated Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Loss on impairment of intangible assets and goodwill Stock-based compensation ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Other ) Reverse Stock Splits Obalon shares for one ReShape share in connection with the merger. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 thousands and thousand at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to a collateral money market account maintained by the Company as collateral in connection with corporate credit cards with Silicon Valley Bank. Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash in the consolidated statement of cash flows 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 . The Company provides reserves against accounts receivable for estimated losses that may result form a customer s inability to pay based on customer-specific analysis and general matters such as current assessments of past due balances, economic conditions and forecasts, and historical credit loss activity. Amounts determined to be uncollectible are charged or written-off against the reserve. At December 31, 2022, the Company had customer that accounted for of the Company s total accounts receivable. At December 31, 2022, the Company has reserved approximately million related to the outstanding receivable balance related to this customer. million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. for furniture and equipment and three to for computer hardware and software. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of their useful life or the term of the lease. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 from the date of product shipment contingent upon a restocking fee. Any such return or exchange of L ap -B and products will be recorded as a reduction of revenue in the period incurred. Certain L ap -B and customers may receive volume rebates or discounts. Discounts are treated as a reduction in sales price and therefore corresponding revenue at the point of sale. Any volume rebates offered would be estimated and reserved as a reduction in revenue. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 of delivery and returns such products in accordance with the Company s instructions. As they are considered assurance-type warranties, the Company does not account for them as separate performance obligations. Warranty reserve requirements are based on a specific assessment of the products sold with warranties where a customer asserts a claim for warranty or a product defect. For the vBloc product line, the Company has a 5-year warranty on all implantable parts. vBloc sales began in 2015 and ended in 2018, so this warranty period will go through 2023. million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unvested restricted stock units Convertible preferred stock Warrants per share; however, it is possible to lose money investing in these funds. The Company has not experienced any losses on its deposits of cash and cash equivalents. To minimize the risk associated with trade accounts receivable, management maintains relationships with the Company s customers that allow management to monitor current changes in business operations so the Company can respond as needed. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 million, primarily due to cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of million. The Company s principal source of liquidity as of December 31, 2022, consisted of approximately million of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, and million of accounts receivable. On February 8, 2023, the Company completed a public offering, which the Company received approximately million in cash and cash equivalents after deducting underwriting expenses, commissions and offering expenses. Based on our available cash resources, we may not have sufficient cash on hand to fund our current operations for more than 12 months from the date of filing this Form 10-K. This condition raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s anticipated operations include plans to (i) grow sales and operations of the Company with the Lap-Band product line both domestically and internationally as well as to obtain cost savings synergies, (ii) introduce to the market place ReShapeCare and ReShape Marketplace as an extension, (iii) marketing efforts to increase brand recognition, create customer awareness and increase the patient demand, (iv) continue development of the DBSN device, (v) seek opportunities to leverage our intellectual property portfolio and custom development services to provide third-party sales and licensing opportunities, and (vi) explore and capitalize on synergistic opportunities to expand our portfolio and offer future minimally invasive treatments and therapies in the obesity continuum of care, including Lap-Band 2.0. The Company believes that it has the flexibility to manage the growth of its expenditures and operations depending on the amount of available cash flows, which could include reducing expenditures for marketing, clinical and product development activities. The Company has incurred significant net losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception, and as a result has an accumulated deficit of approximately million. The Company also expects to incur a net loss and negative cash flows from operations for 2023. The Company may be required to raise additional capital, however, there can be no assurance as to whether additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. If sufficient funds on acceptable terms are not available when needed, it would have a negative impact on the Company s financial condition and could force the Company to delay, limit, reduce, or terminate product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates or testing products that the Company would otherwise plan to develop. Therefore, the plans cannot be deemed probable of being implemented. As a result, the Company s plans do not alleviate substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of the uncertainties described above. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Sub-assemblies Finished goods Total inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets: Prepaid advertising and marketing Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets Accrued and other liabilities: Accrued legal settlements Customer deposits Taxes Accrued insurance premium Accrued professional Other liabilities Total accrued and other liabilities 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Furniture and equipment Computer hardware and software Tooling and molds Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. ) Trademarks/Tradenames ) Total ) 

December 31, 2021 Weighted Average Useful Life (years) Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Finite-lived intangible assets: Developed technology ) Trademarks/Tradenames ) Covenant not to compete ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: In-process research and development indefinite Total ) 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Accumulated impairment loss ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets, net Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was approximately million and million, respectively. Estimated amortization expense for each of the years ending December 31 is as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter In connection with the merger with Obalon, ReShape recorded million of goodwill which has been fully impaired, see Note 12 for details of the acquisition and Note 9 for details of the impairment. million. Additionally, due to the continuance of COVID-19, the Company has revised the near-term projected revenues related to the Lap-Band asset group and has recognized an impairment charge to both the developed technology and tradenames of approximately million and million, respectively. The fair value of the Lap-Band developed technology was estimated using an income approach using Level 3 assumptions which included discounting projected future net cash flows to their present value, with a discount rate of . The Company also determined a triggering event occurred, as the Company elected to stop the clinical trials for the ReShape Vest and was closing out the previous trial that occurred, as significant additional clinical work and cost would be required to achieve regulatory approval. Additionally, the Company currently does not plan to pursue the development of the ReShape Vest. As such, the Company determined the carrying value of the IPR D asset and related trademarks were impaired and recognized non-cash impairment charge of approximately million and million, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, which reduced the value of these assets to . As of December 31, 2021, the Company determined a triggering event occurred due to the decline in the Company s market capitalization, coupled with the delayed effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, and as such, the Company performed an impairment analysis of IPR D. Due to continued delays in the clinical trials experienced during the COVID-19 restrictions, the Company revised its expectations of when revenues would commence for the ReShape Vest, thus reducing the near-term future net cash flows related to the ReShape Vest. As a result, the Company performed a quantitative impairment analysis and recorded a one-time nonrecurring impairment charge of million, for the excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value. The fair value of the IPR D was estimated using an income approach using Level 3 assumptions which included discounting the revised projected future net cash flows to their present value, with a discount rate of . The Company also assessed the recoverability of the finite-lived intangible assets and did not identify any impairment as a result of this analysis. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 million. million from the PPP Loan. In accordance with the requirements of the PPP, the Company intends to use proceeds from the PPP Loan primarily for payroll costs, rent and utilities. The PPP Loan has a interest rate per annum, matures on April 24, 2022 and is subject to the terms and conditions applicable to loans administered by the SBA under the PPP. Under the terms of PPP, all or certain amounts of the PPP Loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. On February 23, 2021, the Company submitted the application for PPP loan forgiveness, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the SBA s Loan Forgiveness Application (revised June 24, 2020). On March 1, 2021, the Company received confirmation from the SBA, the PPP Loan has been forgiven in full including all interest incurred. Under the provisions of the CARES Act, the Company is eligible for a refundable employee retention credit subject to certain criteria. The Company recognized a million employee recognition credit during the year ended December 31, 2021. Credit Agreement On January 19, 2021, the Company and the Lender entered into an amendment to the credit agreement that increased the amount available under delayed draw term loans by million, which was used to fund the million escrow fund securing the termination fee under the Merger Agreement and issued an additional Series G Warrants. The Company evaluated the accounting related to the amendment and in conjunction with the warrants issued. Based on this analysis the Company determined the agreements are substantially different and extinguished the original credit agreement and recorded the amended credit agreement as a new debt at a fair value of million. As a result, the Company recorded a debt discount of approximately million and a million loss on extinguishment of debt, which is comprised of the fair value of the warrants and unamortized debt issuance cost with the original credit agreement, offset by the debt discount. Pursuant to the amendment of the credit agreement, the maturity date of the loans are March 31, 2021 and the loans bear interest at LIBOR plus . On March 10, 2021, the Company and the Lender entered into an amendment to the credit agreement that extended the maturity date from March 31, 2021 to March 31, 2022. The Company has accounted for this amendment as a debt modification. The associated unamortized debt discount on the January 19, 2021 amendment of million will be amortized as interest expense over the term of the amended credit agreement. On June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a warrant exercise agreement with existing investors, including the Lender, to exercise certain outstanding warrants. For further details on this transaction see Note 14. The Company used some of the proceeds from this transaction to pay off the million of debt outstanding under the credit agreement. At December 31, 2021, there was outstanding amount under the credit agreement. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 square feet at 18 Technology Drive, Suite 110, Irvine, California 92618 and intend to relocate our principal executive offices from our current San Clemente, California location to the Irvine, California location. The Irvine California lease has a term of commencing on May 1, 2023. The Company does not have any short-term leases or financing lease arrangements and the effects of any lease modifications have not been material. Certain of the Company s equipment leases include variable lease payments that are adjusted periodically based on actual usage. Lease and non-lease components are accounted for separately. The Company determines the lease term as the noncancelable period of the lease, and may include options to extend or terminated the lease when reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Leases with a term of 12 months or less are not recognized on the balance sheet. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at lease commencement in determining the present value of unpaid lease payments. Right-of-use assets also include any lease payments made at or before lease commencement and any initial direct costs incurred, and exclude any lease incentives received. Operating lease costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were million and million, respectively. Variable lease costs were not material. Supplemental information related to operating leases is as follows: Operating lease liabilities, current portion Total operating lease liabilities Cash flow information for the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating leases liabilities Maturities of operating lease liabilities at December 31, 2022 were as follows: Total lease payments Less: imputed interest Total lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term at end of period (in years) Weighted-average discount rate at end of period million. This includes the issuance of shares of common stock valued at million at the closing market price of the day of merger and the cancellation of shares of common stock. As a result of the controlling interest of the former shareholders of ReShape, for financial statement reporting and accounting purposes, ReShape was considered the acquirer under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805-10-55. The reverse acquisition is deemed a capital transaction in 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 million were recorded in general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2021. Tangible and intangible assets acquired were recorded based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. The following table summarizes the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, primarily related to inventory, developed technology, goodwill (including the deductibility for tax purposes) and income tax related accruals: Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Goodwill Developed technology Liabilities assumed ) Total purchase price Less: cash acquired ) Total purchase price, net of cash acquired As part of the merger, the Company assumed warrants agreements previously entered into by Obalon that contained a fundamental transaction provision that provide the holders a cash payment based on a Black-Scholes valuation of the warrants. This clause was valid for 30 days subsequent to the date of the transaction. The merger was considered a fundamental transaction provision that allowed the holder to redeem the warrants for cash. The Company performed a preliminary valuation of these warrants and recorded a liability at the time of the merger of million. The Company completed its valuation of these warrants which resulted in a liability for the warrants of million, the decrease of million, to the liability had a corresponding decrease to goodwill. The Company had of the holders exercise the fundamental transaction option, and rather than paying cash both parties agreed on the Company issuing shares of common stock and new warrants to this investor. See Notes 13 and 14 below for additional details. As the 30 day period passed, the Company valued the remaining warrants using a Black-Scholes model with an exercise price ranging from to per share, a risk free rate of , a volatility rate of and a dividend rate of . This resulted in a total fair value of million as of July 15, 2021, with the change in fair value being recognized as a component of warrant expense. The ending liability of million was reclassified from a current liability to additional paid-in capital. Goodwill includes expected synergies and other benefits the Company believes will result from the acquisition. The developed technology has been capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with an estimated life of . The developed technology was determined using the income approach. This approach determines fair value based on cash flow projections which are discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted rate of return, using nonrecurring Level 3 inputs. The discount rate used was . For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company impaired the goodwill due to the decline in market capitalization. For further details see Note 9. Obalon s results of operations have been included in our financial statements for the periods subsequent to the consummation of the Merger on June 15, 2021. Obalon contributed revenue and a net loss of million, in addition to the million of loss on impairment of goodwill, for the period from June 16, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 ) The information present above is for illustrative purpose only and is not necessarily indicative or results that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had occurred as of the beginning of our 2021 reporting period. shares of common stock, shares of Series D Mirroring Preferred stock for per share, which automatically terminated subsequent to the shareholder meeting on December 14, 2022, and prefunded warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. Each share of common stock was sold at a price of per share, and each pre-funded warrant was sold at an offering price of per share underlying such pre-funded warrants, for aggregate gross proceeds of before deducting the placement agent s fees and offering expenses. Under the purchase agreement, the Company also agreed to issue and sell to the investor in a concurrent private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock. The Company intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds for commercial growth, working capital and general corporate purposes. In connection with the offering, the Company also entered into a warrant amendment agreement with the investor. Under the warrant amendment agreement, the Company agreed to amend certain existing warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock that were previously issued to the investor, with an exercise price of per share and expiration dates of June 2026 and December 2029, in consideration of their purchase of securities in the offering as follows: (i) lower the exercise price of the existing warrants to per share, (ii) provide the existing warrants as amended, will not be exercisable until following the closing date of the offering, and (iii) extend the expiration date of the existing warrants with an expiration date of June 2026 by five and one-half years following the close of the offering. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 shares of common stock. In consideration for the immediate exercise of the existing warrants for cash, the exercising holders received new unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares (equal to of the shares of common shares exercised) of the Company s common stock (the New Warrants in a private placement pursuant to Section (4)(2) of the Securities Act. In connection with the exercise, the Company also agreed to reduce the exercise price of the existing warrants and remaining unexercised warrants from to per share, which is equal to the most recent closing price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq prior to the execution of the warrant exercise agreement. For further details see Note 14 below. The gross proceeds to the Company from the exercise was approximately million, prior to deducting warrant inducement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. The Company intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds for commercial growth, working capital and general corporate purposes. August 2021 Issuance of Common Stock for Services On August 11, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement in which the Company issued to the consultant shares of restricted common stock for the consulting services in a private placement in reliance on Rule 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The shares were deemed earned on the day of the agreement and will become unrestricted after the agreement date which is when the contract term ends. The value of the securities were included as a component of prepaid expenses and is amortized over the contract term. July 2021 Exchange of Warrants for Common Stock On July 16, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with existing investors to exchange certain outstanding warrants (the Exchange Warrants for shares of common stock and new warrants to purchase common stock. The investors held common stock purchase warrants issued by the Company prior to the merger of Obalon Therapeutics, Inc. and ReShape Lifesciences Inc. The merger constituted a fundamental transaction under the Exchange Warrants and, as a result thereof, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Exchange Warrants, the investors were entitled to a cash payment equal to the Black Scholes value of the Exchange Warrants, calculated in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Warrants (the Black Scholes Payment ). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Exchange Agreement and, in reliance on Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, in lieu of the Black Scholes Payment, the Company and the Investors agreed to exchange all of the Exchange Warrants for (a) a total of shares of common stock, which was calculated by dividing the Black Scholes Payment by , which was equal to of the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq on July 16, 2021 and (b) new warrants to purchase up to a total of shares of common stock at an exercise price of with a term of . For further details on the warrants see Note 14 below. June 2021 Exercises of Warrants for Common Stock On June 28, 2021, the Company entered into a warrant exercise agreement with existing investors to exercise certain outstanding warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, which of the shares were issued in July in accordance with the terms of the warrant exercise agreement. In consideration for the immediate exercise of the existing warrants for cash, the exercising holders received new unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares (equal to of the shares of common stock issued in connection with the exercise) of the Company s common stock (the New Warrants in a private placement pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The investors paid a cash purchase price for the New Warrants equal to per share of common stock underlying the New Warrants. In connection with the exercise, the Company also agreed to reduce the exercise price of certain of the existing warrants to , which is equal to the most recent closing price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq prior to the execution of the warrant exercise agreement. For further details on the warrants see Note 14 below. The gross proceeds to the Company from the Exercise and the sale of the New Warrants was approximately million, prior to deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. The Company used 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 million to pay off the credit agreement, including million of debt and million of accrued interest under its secured credit agreement dated March 25, 2020, as amended, see Note 10 above for further details. The Company intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. On June 18, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to investors, and on June 21, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to investors, as an exercise of pre-funded warrants issued in connection with the September 2019 private placement transactions. The Company received approximately million in connection with the exercises. Common Stock Issued Related to Stock Awards and Options Restricted Stock Units The Company issued restricted stock units RSUs to certain members of the management and Board of Directors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock subject to the vesting of the awards, of which shares of common stock were related to bonus in-leu of cash. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock subject to the vesting of the awards. For further details see Note 14. Exercise of Stock Options There were exercises of stock options during the year ended December 31, 2022. On September 15, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock related to the exercise of previous Obalon employees exercising stock option awards. The Company received million related to this exercise. On July 13, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock related to the exercise of previous Obalon employees exercising stock option awards. The Company received thousand related to this exercise. On June 18, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock related to the exercise of previous Obalon employees exercising stock option awards. The Company received million related to this exercise. Series C Convertible Preferred Stock The Series C convertible stock has a liquidation preference of per share. Holders of the Series C convertible preferred stock have the right to convert their shares into shares of common stock instead of receiving the liquidation preference. The Series C convertible preferred stock is entitled to dividends on an as-if-converted-to-common stock basis if such dividends are paid on shares of common stock. In general, the holders of the Series C convertible preferred stock do not have voting rights. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Obtained due to merger (1) Issued (2) Exercised ) (3) Cancelled Balance December 31, 2021 Issued (4) Exercised ) (5) Cancelled ) Balance December 31, 2022 
 (1) Obalon s warrants outstanding at the time of the merger with the 1 -for-3 reverse stock split adjustment. In addition, this amount includes, warrants converted into common shares in July of 2021, see Note 13 for further details. (2) Warrants issued in 2021 includes of Series G warrants and of warrants issued to various institutional investors. (3) Warrants exercised in 2021 includes Series A warrants at an exercise price of per share, Series C pre-funded warrants at an exercise price of per share, Series E warrants at an exercise price of per share, Series F pre-funded warrants at an exercise price of per share, and Series G warrants with exercise prices ranging from per share to per share, and an exchange of warrants for common stock. (4) Warrants issued in 2022 includes reload warrants, common stock purchase warrants, representative s warrants, and pre-funded warrants. (5) Warrants exercised in 2022 includes reload warrants at an exercise price of per share, and pre-funded warrants at an exercise price of per share. Warrant Assumptions 2022 Warrants Issued The following table provides the assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the new warrants issued during 2022, using a Black-Scholes model: Reload warrants - November 2022 Representative s warrants Pre-funded warrants Warrant Assumptions 2021 Warrants Issued The following table provides the assumptions used to calculate the fair value of the Series G warrants issued during 2021, using a Black-Scholes model: June 28, 2021 July 16, 2021 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Australia Europe Rest of world Total revenue Operating Segments The Company conducts operations worldwide and is managed in the following geographical regions: United States, Australia, Europe and Rest of World (primarily in the Middle East). All regions sell the Lap-Band product line, which consisted of nearly all our revenue and gross profit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the second half of 2020 the Company launched ReShapeCare, which had minimal revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company anticipates generating more ReShapeCare revenue during 2022. There was revenue or gross profit recorded for the DBSN device in 2022 or 2021 because these products are still in the development stage. During June 2021, the Company merged with Obalon, which had revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company has operating segment based on the financial information provided to the Chief Operating Decision Maker (the Chief Executive Officer, or CODM ). The Company s CODM evaluates segment performance based on revenue and gross profit at the consolidated level. The CODM does review revenue based on domestic and international. As such, the Company believes reporting revenue based on territory is useful to the user of the financial statements. shares; provided however, that the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under all awards under the Plan will automatically increase on an annual basis on the first day of each year beginning in 2023 such that the aggregate number of shares that may be issued under all awards under this Plan equals of the total number of shares of Common Stock, on a converted basis, on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year. Under the 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended in 2018 (the Prior Plan ), as of January 1, 2022, there were shares available under the Prior Plan and there were shares of common stock available for issuance under the Prior Plan. The Plan is administered by the committee, which determines the types of awards to be granted, including the number of shares subject to the awards, the exercise price and the vesting schedule. Options granted under the Plan expire no later than from the date of grant. The exercise price of each option may not be less than of the fair market value of the common stock at the date of grant, except if an incentive stock option is granted to a Plan participant possessing more than 10 of the Company s common stock, as defined by the Plan, the exercise price may not be less than of the fair value of the common stock at the date of grant. Employee stock options generally vest over . 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Vested options obtained due to merger Options granted Options exercised ) Options cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Options granted Options exercised Options cancelled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022, stock options under the Plan that were outstanding , exercisable and vested, and expected to vest, had intrinsic value. The unrecognized share-based expense at December 31, 2022 was million and will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Stock option awards outstanding under the Company s incentive plans have been granted at exercise prices that are equal to the market value of its common stock on the date of grant. Such options generally vest over a period of and expire at after the grant date. The Company recognizes compensation expense ratably over the vesting period. The Company uses a Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options granted, which requires the input of both subjective and objective assumptions as follows: Expected Term The estimate of expected term is based on the historical exercise behavior of grantees, as well as the contractual life of the options granted. Expected Volatility The expected volatility factor is based on the volatility of the Company s common stock. Risk-free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is determined using the implied yield for a traded zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond with a term equal to the expected term of the stock options. Expected Dividend Yield The expected dividend yield is based on the Company s historical practice of paying dividends on its common stock. The Company s weighted average assumptions used to estimate fair value of stock options granted were as follows: Expected term (in years) Expected dividend yield Expected volatility 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Vested ) Cancelled/Forfeited Unvested RSUs at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested (1) ) Cancelled/Forfeited ) Non-vested RSUs at September 30, 2022 
 (1) At December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock related to RSU awards that have vested and the shares were not released to the participants until January of 2023. 
 The fair value of each RSU is the closing price on the Nasdaq of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Upon vesting, a portion of the RSU award may be withheld to satisfy the statutory income tax withholding obligation. The remaining RSUs will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock after the vesting period. The unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs at December 31, 2022 was million and is expected to be recognized over a period of years. Compensation expense related to stock options was recognized as follows: General and administrative Research and development Total stock-based compensation expense ) State ) ) Foreign ) Deferred income tax benefit ) ) Current: Federal State Foreign ) Total income tax benefit, net ) ) 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate to the Company s effective income tax rate is as follows: State income tax benefit, net of federal benefit Stock warrant valuation ) Goodwill impairment ) Stock-based compensation ) Other permanent differences ) ) Change in state tax rate ) Foreign rate differential ) Net operating loss true up Other adjustments Change in valuation allowance ) Effective income tax rate A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of uncertain tax positions are as follows: Current year tax positions Increase in prior year tax positions Settlements Lapse of statute of limitations Uncertain gross tax positions, December 31 The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: Capitalized research and development costs Reserves and accruals Property and equipment Intangible assets Research and development credit Lease liability Net operating loss carryforwards State and local taxes Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Property and equipment ) ) Intangible assets ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Deferred income taxes, net ) In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Based on the level of historical losses and projections of losses in future periods, the Company provided a 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. Of the total U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards at December 31, 2022, million is subject to a carryover period and begin expiring in 2023. Losses generated beginning in 2018 will carryover indefinitely. The Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Net operating loss carryforwards of the Company are subject to review and possible adjustment by the taxing authorities. With certain exceptions (e.g. the net operating loss carryforwards), the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or local examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2016. There are no tax examinations currently in progress. The Company s ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards, tax credits, and built-in items of deduction, including capitalized start-up costs and research and development costs, has been, and may continue to be substantially limited due to ownership changes. These ownership changes limit the amount of net operating loss carryforwards, credits and built-in items of deduction that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income. In general, an ownership change, as defined in IRC Section 382, results from a transaction or series of transactions over a three-year period resulting in an ownership change of more than of the outstanding stock of a company by certain stockholders or public groups. Due to the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022, the net effect of any further limitation will have no impact on results of operations. In 2021, the Company completed an IRC Section 382 review and determined that ownership changes had occurred, which resulted in the determination that million and million of U.S. federal and state net operating losses, respectively would expire unused. Additionally, it was determined that million of U.S. federal research and development credits would also expire unused. Due to the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets at December 31, 2021, the net effect of this, and any further, limitation will have no impact on results of operations. These are not included in the gross benefit of the net operating losses, presented in the table above. The Company has adopted accounting standards which prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a company s income tax return, and also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. The Company had amounts of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect its effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s policy is to classify interest and penalties related to income tax expense as tax expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had amount accrued for the payment of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) was enacted on August 16, 2022 and includes a new corporate alternative minimum tax based on book income, an excise tax on stock buybacks, and other items such as tax incentives for energy and climate initiatives. There is no impact to the Company at this time, however this may change depending on each year s differing facts and activities. The Company will continue to monitor this over time. million at December 31, 2022. The Company also has agreements with certain employees to pay bonuses based on targeted performance criteria. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million and million, respectively, was accrued for performance bonuses, which is included in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 million of purchase commitments as of December 31, 2022, for which the Company has not received the goods or services and which are expected to be purchased primarily within one year. These purchase commitments were made to secure better pricing and to ensure the Company will have the necessary inventory to meet anticipated near term demand. Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the Company may be able to cancel, reschedule, or adjust requirements prior to supplier fulfillment. Litigation On August 6, 2021, Cowen and Company, LLC filed a complaint against ReShape, as successor in interest to Obalon Therapeutics, in the Supreme Court of the State of New York based on an alleged breach of contract arising out of Cowen s prior engagement as Obalon s financial advisor. The complaint alleges that Cowen is entitled to be paid a million fee in connection with ReShape s merger with Obalon under the terms of Cowen s engagement agreement with Obalon. The complaint also seeks reimbursement of Cowen s attorneys fees and interest in connection with its claim. On December 6, 2022, the Supreme Court of the State of New York ruled in favor of Cowen Company in the amount of million, plus interest at the statutory rate of per annum from June 16, 2021 until judgement is paid in full. The Company has accrued the million, for the ruling and million, of accrued interest at December 31, 2022. On August 18, 2021, H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC filed a complaint against ReShape in the Supreme Court of the State of New York based on an alleged breach of contract arising out of Wainwright s prior engagement by ReShape in connection with certain capital raising transactions by ReShape. The complaint alleges that Wainwright is entitled to be paid a fee in connection with ReShape s capital raising transaction under the warrant exercise agreement that ReShape entered into on June 28, 2021. Wainwright alleges that its June and September 2019 engagement agreements with ReShape require ReShape to pay Wainwright a cash fee equal to of the gross proceeds that ReShape received from the exercise of warrants issued pursuant to those engagement agreements, including warrants that were exercised in the June 2021 transaction. The complaint also seeks reimbursement of Wainwright s attorneys fees and interest in connection with its claim. On July 19, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive settlement and release agreement with Wainwright pursuant to which the Company made a one-time cash payment of million to fully and finally resolve such matter. The Company is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation against it that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results or financial condition, other than what was disclosed above. The medical device industry in which the Company operates is characterized by frequent claims and litigation, including claims regarding patent and other intellectual property rights as well as improper hiring practices. As a result the Company may be involved in various legal proceedings from time to time. Product Liability Claims The Company is exposed to product liability claims that are inherent in the testing, production, marketing and sale of medical devices. Management believes any losses that may occur from these matters are adequately covered by insurance, and the ultimate outcome of these matters will not have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. The Company is not currently a party to any product liability litigation and is not aware of any pending or threatened product liability litigation that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results or financial condition. square feet at 18 Technology Drive, Suite 110, Irvine, California 92618 and intend to relocate our principal executive offices from our current San Clemente, California 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 commencing on May 1, 2023. Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) was closed on March 10, 2023, by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as receiver. To protect depositors, the FDIC transferred all the deposits and substantially all of the assets of SVB to Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A., a newly formed bridge bank that will be operated by the FDIC as it markets the institution to potential bidders. On March 12, 2023, the Department of the Treasury, Federal Reserve, and FDIC (collectively, the Agencies) announced that they were invoking the Systemic Risk Exception to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to permit the FDIC to take action to fully protect all depositors of SVB, regardless of their deposit insurance coverage. In addition, the Agencies also announced that SVB depositors would have access to all their money starting March 13, 2023. On March 10, 2023, the Company held approximately million of insured and uninsured deposits at SVB. As of April 11, 2023, the Company transferred funds of approximately million to Bank of America and million remains deposited at SVB. On February 8, 2023, the Company closed a public offering of units, with each consisting of share of its common stock, or pre-funded warrant to purchase share of its common stock, and warrant to purchase one -half shares of its common stock. Each unit was sold at public offering price of . The warrants in the units are immediately exercisable at a price of per share and expire from the date of issuance. Alternatively, each warrant can be exercised pursuant to the alternative cashless exercise provision, to which the holders would receive an aggregate number of shares of common stock equal the product of (x) the aggregate number of shares of common stock that would be issuable upon a cash exercise and (y) . The shares of common stock (or pre-funded warrants in lieu thereof) and accompanying warrants were only purchasable together in this offering, but were issued separately and immediately separable upon issuance. Gross proceeds, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses, are approximately million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to continue implementation of its growth strategies, for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Company also granted the underwriters an option to purchase an additional shares of common stock and/or additional warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock, to cover over-allotments, of which Maxim Group LLC exercised its option to purchase additional warrants to purchase shares of common stock. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURE S Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), defines the term disclosure controls and procedures as those controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. An internal control material weakness is a significant deficiency, or aggregation of deficiencies, that does not reduce to a relatively low level the risk that material misstatements in financial statements will be prevented or detected on a timely basis by employees in the normal course of their work. An internal control significant deficiency, or aggregation of deficiencies, is one that could result in a misstatement of the financial statements that is more than inconsequential. In making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, and determined that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective at a reasonable assurance level due to the following material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting: Control Environment: We had insufficient internal resources with appropriate accounting and finance knowledge and expertise to design, implement, document and operate effective internal controls around our financial reporting process. The insufficient internal resources resulted in misstatements of our revenue recognition, stock based compensation, weighted average share calculation, disclosures of income taxes and expense cut off at period end. Purchase Accounting: The Company did not design and maintain effective management review controls at a sufficient level of precision over the accounting for transactions related to the prepaid D O insurance policy purchased in connection with the merger transaction in June 2021. This material weakness resulted in certain material corrections to the financial statements and in the restatement of the Company s financial statements for the annual and interim consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the interim consolidated financial statements in the quarters in the year ended December 31, 2022. Income Taxes: The Company did not design and maintain effective management review controls at a sufficient level of precision over the accounting for income taxes. Journal entry access and review: The Company did not have effective processes to ensure that all journal entries were properly approved prior to being posted to the general ledger. Furthermore, a segregation of duties conflict is present as certain individuals have the ability to both prepare and post journal entries to the general ledger. Information technology access and change management: A segregation of duties conflict is present as access and approval rights to the Company s information technology systems are not reviewed on a timely basis. Furthermore, certain individuals have the ability to develop and deploy changes to production which could create a segregation of duties risk. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 We are currently implementing our remediation plan to address the material weaknesses identified above. Such measures include: Hiring additional accounting personnel to ensure timely reporting of significant matters. Designing and implementing controls to formalize roles and review responsibilities to align with our team s skills and experience and designing and implementing formalized controls. Designing and implementing formal processes, policies and procedures supporting our financial close process. Design a formal review of a monthly journal entry report to ensure journal entries are appropriately approved within a timely manner. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, the Company s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting No changes in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We believe that a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within any company have been detected. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICER S AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Executive Officers The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers, including their ages, as of December 31, 2022 : 

Name Age Position Paul Hickey 58 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director Thomas Stankovich 62 Chief Financial Officer Paul Hickey has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and as one of our directors since August 15, 2022. Mr. Hickey was previously the President and Chief Executive Officer of Altimate Medical Holdings, Inc., which designs and manufactures rehabilitation medical equipment including its EasyStand brand, from February 2020 to August 2022. Previously, from 2018 to 2020, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Vertebral Technologies, Inc., a medical device company focused on implantable spinal devices. Prior to that, from 2016 to 2017, Mr. Hickey was Senior Vice President of Marketing and Reimbursement for EnteroMedics (now ReShape Lifesciences). Earlier in his career, he consulted for a variety of commercialized medical device companies and held positions of increasing responsibility at Zimmer Biomet. For the past four years, Mr. Hickey has served on the Board of Directors at Excelen Center for Bone and Joint Research and Education. Mr. Hickey earned a Bachelor s degree from the University of Michigan and a Master s from Washington University in Saint Louis. Areas of Relevant Experience: Mr. Hickey s significant experience leading medical device companies, including in his position as President and Chief Executive Officer of our company, makes him well-suited to serve as a member of the Board of Directors. Thomas Stankovich has served as our Chief Financial Officer since October 2019. Mr. Stankovich has over 25 years of executive leadership experience as the CFO for multiple public and private healthcare companies. Prior to joining us, Mr. Stankovich spent the past nine years as the Global Senior Vice President and CFO of MP Biomedicals, a life sciences and molecular biology-diagnostics company. At MP Biomedicals he was responsible for financial planning and reporting, operations and strategy development along with the acquisition and integration of two international companies. Prior to MP Biomedicals, Mr. Stankovich served as CFO at Response Genetics where he successfully led the company through their initial public offering. Additionally, he served as CFO for Cobalis Corporation and Ribapharm, where he also led the company through their initial public offering, which at the time became the second largest ever IPO in the biotechnology sector. Mr. Stankovich also held CFO positions at ICN International which later changed names to Valeant Pharmaceuticals. Board of Directors CLASS I DIRECTORS Continuing in office until the 2023 Annual Meeting Dan Gladney , age 70, has served as one of our directors since November 2015, as Chairman of our Board of Directors since October 2016 and as Executive Chair since July 2022. Mr. Gladney served as our President and Chief Executive Officer from November 2015 until March 2019. Prior to joining us, Mr. Gladney served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lanx, Inc., a medical device company focused on developing and commercializing innovative devices for spinal surgery. Prior to his time at Lanx, Inc., Mr. Gladney was a Healthcare Operating Partner at Norwest Equity Partners (NEP) from 2008 until 2010, where he was responsible for strategic planning, business growth and corporate governance for NEP portfolio companies and executing new investment opportunities for the firm. Prior to joining NEP, Mr. Gladney served as President and Chief Executive Officer of several medical device companies including Heart Leaflet Technologies and ACIST Medical Systems, both of which were acquired by The Bracco Group. He also served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Compex Technologies, a publicly traded orthopedic and health and wellness electro therapy company, from 2002 until 2006. Mr. Gladney currently serves on the board of directors of Aria CV, Inc. and has been a member of a number of other private and public company boards. After the sale of Lanx, he acted as a private investor and small business consultant. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Areas of Relevant Experience: Mr. Gladney s significant experience leading medical device companies, as well as his position as former President and Chief Executive Officer of ReShape Lifesciences and his experience with commercialization of medical device companies makes him well-suited to serve as a member of the Board of Directors. Lori McDougal , age 61, has served as one of our directors since July 2015. Ms. McDougal has served in an executive capacity in the healthcare industry for more than eighteen years. She served as an Executive Vice President at Optum, Inc., a part of UnitedHealth Group, Inc., from 2013 until 2014. Prior to her time at Optum, she served as Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealth Group s subsidiary UnitedHealth Military Veterans Services, LLC from 2008 until 2013, and previously served as the Chief Operating Officer of UnitedHealth Military Veterans Services from 2007 until 2008. Before joining UnitedHealth Military Veterans Services, she served as a Vice President of UnitedHealthcare Medicare Retirement starting in 2002. Additionally, she served as President of UnitedHealth International from 1998 until 2002 and Vice President of OptumInsight from 1996 to 1998. Areas of Relevant Experience: Ms. McDougal s significant executive leadership experience and her experience working with private and government insurers, both domestic and foreign, make her well-suited to serve as a member of the Board of Directors. CLASS II DIRECTORS Continuing in office until the 2024 Annual Meeting Gary Blackford , age 65, has served as one of our directors since August 2016. From 2002 until February 2015, Mr. Blackford was the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Universal Hospital Services, Inc. (NYSE: UHS), a leading nationwide provider of medical technology outsourcing and services to the health care industry. Mr. Blackford was the Chief Executive Officer of Curative Health Services, Inc., a specialty pharmacy and health services company, from 2001 to 2002. He was also the Chief Executive Officer of ShopforSchool, Inc., an online retailer, from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Blackford has also been a director of Avanos Medical, Inc. (NYSE: AVNS) since 2014 (and Chairman since 2020), Children s Hospitals and Clinics of Minnesota since 2017 (and Chairman since 2020), and Lifespace Communities, Inc., a not-for-profit organization, since February 2022. He was a director of Wright Medical Group, N.V. (NASDAQ: WMGI) from 2008 to 2020 and PipelineRX, Inc. from 2016 to 2020. Areas of Relevant Experience: Mr. Blackford s executive leadership and director experience in health care services, health benefits, medical devices, medical equipment and medical technology makes him well- suited to serve as a member of the Board of Directors. Arda Minocherhomjee , age 69, has served as one of our directors since August 2018. Mr. Minocherhomjee is a Managing Partner of Chicago Growth Partners, which he founded in 2004. Previously, Dr. Minocherhomjee was a Managing Director at William Blair Capital Partners and, as head of the firm s Healthcare Research Group, covered multiple sectors, including drugs/drug delivery, medical devices and selected healthcare services. Mr. Minocherhomjee received a M.S. (Pharmacology) from the University of Toronto and a Ph.D. and a MBA from the University of British Columbia. Areas of Relevant Experience: Mr. Minocherhomjee s significant experience in financial research and analysis, including financing activities, with a focus in the healthcare and medical device sectors, makes him well-suited to serve as a member of the Board of Directors. CLASS III DIRECTOR Continuing in Office until the 2025 Annual Meeting Mr. Hickey is a Class III director with a term continuing until the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and officers and all persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the outstanding shares of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock. Based solely on a review of Section 16 reports filed electronically with the SEC and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all forms required to be filed by such persons under Section 16(a) were filed on a timely basis, with the exception of the following: 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Bart Bandy, our former President and Chief Executive Officer, made six late Form 4 filings related to one transaction on each of January 4, 2022, April 1, 2022, May 5, 2022, July 1, 2022, and August 5, 2022, and two transactions on June 1, 2022. Paul Hickey, our President and Chief Executive Officer, made one late Form 3 filing on August 26, 2022. Thomas Stankovich, our Chief Financial Officer, made nine late Form 4 filings related to one transaction on each of January 4, 2022, April 1, 2022, May 5, 2022, June 1, 2022, July 1, 2022, August 5, 2022, and September 6, 2022, two transactions on November 4, 2022, and four transactions on November 17, 2022. 
 Audit Committee The Audit Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in monitoring the quality and integrity of our consolidated financial statements, our internal controls, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the qualifications, performance and independence of our independent auditor. The Audit Committee has sole authority to retain and terminate the independent auditor and is directly responsible for the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor. The Audit Committee reviews and discusses with management and the independent auditor the annual audited and quarterly consolidated financial statements (including the disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this prospectus), reviews the integrity of the financial reporting processes, both internal and external, reviews the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent auditor, oversees the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements with respect to financial matters, and prepares the Audit Committee Report included in the proxy statement in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. All of the Audit Committee members meet the existing independence and experience requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market and the SEC. Our Board of Directors has determined that each of Lori McDougal and Arda Minocherhomjee is a financial expert under the rules of the SEC. Mr. Minocherhomjee replaced Ms. McDougal as the Chair of the Audit Committee effective immediately after the filing of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022. The Audit Committee held seven meetings in 2022. During each of the meetings, the Audit Committee met in private session with our independent auditor and alone in executive session without members of management present. Director Nomination Process During the fourth quarter of 2022, we made no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, which applies to all directors and employees, including executive officers, including, without limitation, our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions. A copy of this code of business conduct and ethics is available on our website at www.reshapelifesciences.com (under Investors, Corporate Governance and we intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding any waivers from or amendments to any provision of the code of business conduct and ethics by disclosing such information on the same website. In addition, we intend to promptly disclose (1) the nature of any amendment to our code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and (2) the nature of any waiver, including an implicit waiver, from a provision of our code of business conduct and ethics that is granted to one of these specified officers, the name of such person who is granted the waiver and the date of the waiver on our website in the future. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATIO N The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to the sections of our Proxy Statement entitled Director Compensation, Executive Compensation, Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned by our named executive officers during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Summary Compensation Table Non- equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Stock Awards ) All Other Compensation ) Name and Bonus ) Principal Position Year Salary ) Total ) Paul F. Hickey(1) 2022 133,078 25,000 158,078 President and Chief Executive Officer Bart Bandy(2) 2022 346,537 346,537 Former President and Chief Executive Officer 2021 430,500 350,000(3) 5,170,986(5) 317,200(7) 6,268,686 Thomas Stankovich 2022 330,000 77,338(6) 148,500(4) 555,838 Chief Financial Officer 2021 325,000 250,000(3) 1,625,164(5) 94,579(7) 2,294,743 

(1) Mr. Hickey joined the Company on August 15, 2022. His 25,000 bonus was a sign-on bonus under his employment agreement. (2) Mr. Bandy separated from the Company on July 27, 2022. (3) Consists of the one-time cash bonus awarded to Mr. Bandy and Mr. Stankovich in July 2021 in special recognition of their extraordinary efforts and accomplishments for and on behalf of the Company during 2021, including their roles in completing the Company s merger with Obalon Therapeutics and corresponding listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market and the Company s subsequent 46 million financing. (4) Consists of a one-time cash bonus awarded to Mr. Stankovich under a retention bonus agreement pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay Mr. Stankovich 100 of his target 2022 cash bonus, regardless of actual performance, if Mr. Stankovich remained employed by the Company until at least December 31, 2022. (5) Consists of restricted stock units granted to Mr. Bandy and Mr. Stankovich in July 2021, the amounts represent the fair value of restricted stock units granted during the year. The award is calculated on the date of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards. (6) Consists of the payout under the Company s Management Incentive Plan for 2021 which was paid out as a stock bonus in November 2022. (7) Consists of the payout under the Company s Management Incentive Plan for 2020 which was paid out as a cash bonus in August 2021. 

 99 

Table of Contents 
 2021 Bonuses In July 2021, the Company paid a special one-time cash bonus of 350,000 to Mr. Bandy and 250,000 to Mr. Stankovich in special recognition of their extraordinary efforts and accomplishments for and on behalf of the Company during 2021, including their roles in completing the Company s merger with Obalon Therapeutics and corresponding listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market and the Company s subsequent 46 million financing. 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Grants In July 2021, the Compensation Committee granted each of Mr. Bandy and Mr. Stankovich two sets of restricted stock units. The first grant was made pursuant to their employment agreements, under which each of Mr. Bandy and Mr. Stankovich were offered an equity grant in connection with their employment commencement, which would vest 25 on the one-year anniversary of their employment start date and monthly thereafter for 36 months. The restricted stock unit grant to Mr. Bandy covered 19,202 shares of common stock, of which 10,802 vested on the date of grant and the remainder were to vest monthly for 21 months, based on his employment start date of April 1, 2019. The restricted stock unit grant to Mr. Stankovich covered 5,648 shares of common stock, of which 2,471 vested on the date of grant and the remainder were to vest monthly for 27 months, based on his employment start date of October 29, 2019. The second set of restricted stock unit grants were made as part of an ongoing equity grant program for the executive leadership employees, which grants were to vest in 36 equal monthly installments following the grant date. Mr. Bandy and Mr. Stankovich were granted restricted stock units covering 4,519 and 1,808 shares of common stock, respectively. 2021 Base Salary and Target Bonus Increases In July 2021, the Compensation Committee approved a base salary increase for Mr. Bandy from 390,000 to 445,000 and for Mr. Stankovich from 300,000 to 330,000 and a target bonus increase for Mr. Bandy from 50 to 65 of base salary and for Mr. Stankovich from 30 to 45 of base salary. Employment Agreement and Separation Agreement with Bart Bandy On August 26, 2019, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Bandy, our former President and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Bandy was entitled to a base salary of 390,000, or a higher annual rate if approved by the Board of Directors, and to cash and equity awards pursuant to our incentive compensation plan, contingent on Mr. Bandy meeting certain annual objectives determined by the Compensation Committee. The agreement established that Mr. Bandy was eligible for an annual incentive compensation of up to 50 of his base salary for that year. Mr. Bandy s executive employment agreement also provided for the receipt of certain benefits upon the occurrence of particular termination events or a change in control. In connection with Mr. Bandy s departure from the Company in July 2022, the Company and Mr. Bandy entered into a separation agreement and general release pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide Mr. Bandy certain severance benefits, as provided in his employment agreement, including severance pay equal to 18 months of base salary payable as salary continuation payments. All of Mr. Bandy s unvested RSUs as of the separation date were terminated and forfeited. Employment Agreement with Thomas Stankovich On October 29, 2019, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Stankovich, our Chief Financial Officer. The agreement has an initial term of one year and automatically renews for successive one year terms unless either party delivers written notice 90 days prior to the expiration of the current term or unless it is earlier terminated. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Stankovich is entitled to a base salary of 300,000, or a higher annual rate if approved by the Board of Directors, and to cash and equity awards pursuant to our incentive compensation plan, contingent on Mr. Stankovich meeting certain annual objectives determined by the Compensation Committee. The agreement establishes that Mr. Stankovich is eligible for an annual incentive compensation of up to 30 of his base salary for that year. Mr. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Stankovich s employment agreement also provides for the receipt of certain benefits upon the occurrence of particular termination events or a change in control. Employment Offer Letter and Employment Agreement with Paul Hickey On July 25, 2022, we entered into an employment offer letter with Mr. Hickey, our President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which Mr. Hickey will receive an annual base salary of 400,000 and a potential annual bonus of up to 50 of his annual base salary, which bonus for the 2022 calendar year will be prorated based on the portion of the year he is actually employed. Additionally, the offer letter provided that Mr. Hickey would be granted a stock option under the Company s equity incentive plan to purchase a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to 4 of the Company s outstanding common stock, on a fully-diluted basis, as of the date of the offer letter. The options will have a 10-year term and a per share exercise price equal to the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The options will vest with respect to 25 of the shares of common stock purchasable thereunder on the one-year anniversary of the grant date and monthly thereafter for 36 months, conditioned upon Mr. Hickey s continued employment with the Company from the grant date until the respective vesting date. As soon as reasonably practicable following the first offering of common stock or securities convertible into common stock for purposes of financing the Company after Mr. Hickey s start date, Mr. Hickey will be granted an additional stock option or other equity award in an amount that maintains his fully diluted ownership percentage at 4 . The offer letter contains severance provisions which provide that in the event Mr. Hickey s employment is terminated by the Company without cause or Mr. Hickey resigns for good reason, he will be entitled to receive a severance payment equal to 12 months base salary payable as salary continuation payments. To be eligible to receive these payments, Mr. Hickey will be required to execute and not revoke a release of claims. On November 1, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Hickey that memorialized the terms of his employment offer letter. Management Incentive Plan Our Management Incentive Plan is designed to provide executive officers with annual incentive compensation based on the achievement of certain pre-established performance objectives. By utilizing a combination of objective and subjective performance factors critical to our success, this program incentivizes our executive officers to achieve results that benefit them and the Company. At the beginning of each year, the Compensation Committee approves, subject to review by the Board of Directors, new corporate objectives for the Management Incentive Plan. The objectives are established and measured on an annual basis to better align personal objectives with the direction and objectives of the Company. When these objectives are established and approved, each objective, and, if applicable, the subparts to each objective, is weighted and assigned a percentage value relative to the corporate objectives taken as a whole. At that time, the Compensation Committee also establishes the maximum bonus amount for each of our executive officers, based on a set percentage of each executive officer s base salary, that the corporate objectives are worth. The Compensation Committee may modify or re-weight the objectives during the course of the fiscal year, if necessary, to reflect changes in our business plan. Long-Term Incentives Our Second Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Plan allowed us and our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, if approved by our stockholders, will allow us the opportunity to grant stock options, restricted stock and other equity-based awards. In general, we view equity awards as incentives for future performance and not as compensation for past accomplishments. We also believe that equity awards reward continued employment by an executive officer, with an associated benefit to us of employee continuity and retention. The exercise price of stock options awarded by the Compensation Committee has been and will continue to be the closing sales price of our common stock on the date of grant. The Compensation Committee and the Board of Directors do not grant equity awards according to a prescribed formula or target, although they review equity data from comparable companies to inform their decisions. In determining the number of equity awards granted to executive officers, individual responsibilities and experience, as well as contributions and achievements are considered, and, in appropriate circumstances, the Compensation Committee considers the recommendations of the Chief Executive Officer. The objectives utilized to assess individual contributions and achievements vary depending on the individual executive, but relate generally to strategic factors such as clinical 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 and regulatory progress, commercialization, research and development, continued establishment of intellectual property and implementation of appropriate financing strategies. While the Chief Executive Officer may provide recommendations to the Compensation Committee regarding the number of equity awards granted to other executive officers from time to time, he does not make a recommendation as to his equity awards. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End The following table summarizes the outstanding equity award holdings held by our named executive officers at December 31, 2022. 

Stock Awards Name Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#)(1) Market value of shares or units of stock that have not vested )(2) Paul Hickey Bart Bandy Thomas Stankovich 2,131 14,363 
 (1) Consists of unvested restricted stock units that were granted in July 2021. (2) Based upon the closing price of our common stock on December 30, 2022 (the last business day of fiscal 2022) of 6.74. 
 Director Compensation Compensation for our directors is designed to result in compensation that is competitive with that provided by comparably-sized, publicly-traded, medical device companies. For 2022 (i) each non-employee director received an annual retainer of 35,000 for serving on the Board, (ii) each non-employee director who served on the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee or the Nominating and Governance Committee, other than the chairperson of each of the committees, received an additional annual retainer of 8,000, 5,000 and 4,500, respectively, (iii) each of the chairpersons of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee received an additional annual retainer of 17,500, 10,000 and 9,000, respectively, and (iv) our Lead Director received a 15,000 annual retainer in that role. We reimburse all of our non-employee directors for reasonable travel and other expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings. Directors who also serve as employees of the Company receive no additional compensation for serving as a director. Mr. Hickey is the only director who is also an employee of the Company. In July 2022, the Board appointed Dan Gladney, who was previously the Chair of the Board of Directors, as Executive Chair. In his role as Executive Chair, Mr. Gladney will take a more active role supporting Mr. Hickey and the Company on strategic matters. Mr. Gladney s annual cash compensation for his service as the Executive Chair will be 90,000, which will replace his compensation as Chair of the Board, and is in addition to the 35,000 annual retainer paid to all Board members. Therefore Mr. Gladney s total annual cash compensation for his service on the Board and as Executive Chair will be 125,000, excluding any amounts paid for his current service on the Nominating and Governance Committee or any other committee of the Board to which he may be appointed. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 The following table shows the compensation of the non-employee members of our Board during fiscal year 2022: Director Compensation in 2022 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (2) Total ) Name (1) Dan Gladney 95,261 95,261 Gary Blackford 77,000 77,000 Lori McDougal 57,500 57,500 Arda Minocherhomjee 52,500 52,500 
 (1) Paul Hickey, our current President and Chief Executive Officer, and Bart Bandy, who served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company until July 2022, are not included in this table because they were employees of the Company during 2022 and thus received no compensation for their services as a director. The compensation that Mr. Hickey and Mr. Bandy received as an employee of the Company is shown in the Summary Compensation Table. (2) The amounts in this column include the annual Board of Director and committee retainer amounts for 2022 described above under the heading Director Compensation. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNER S AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table shows the beneficial ownership of our common stock by each person or group who beneficially owned 5 or more of our common stock, each of our directors, each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table in this proxy statement and our directors and executive officers as a group, as of December 31, 2022. Percentage ownership calculations for beneficial ownership are based on 519,198 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. However, for purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares of common stock held by each person or group of persons named above, any shares which that person or persons has or have the right to acquire within 60 days following December 31, 2022 is deemed to be outstanding for that person s calculation, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. The information regarding the beneficial owners of more than 5 of our common stock is based upon information supplied to us by our directors, officers and principal stockholders or on Schedules 13D or 13G filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Unless otherwise noted, the directors and executive officers listed in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock owned by them and their address is c/o ReShape Lifesciences Inc., 1001 Calle Amanecer, San Clemente, California 92673. 

Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Common Stock Directors and Executive Officers Paul Hickey Thomas Stankovich(1) 6,509 1.4 Dan Gladney 840 Gary Blackford Arda Minocherhomjee Lori McDougal Bart Bandy(2) 8,850 1.8 All directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons) 7,349 1.6 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 The percentage of shares of common stock beneficially owned does not exceed one percent of the outstanding shares of common stock. 
 (1) Includes 507 shares subject to restricted stock units that will vest within 60 days of December 27, 2022. (2) Mr. Bandy separated from the Company in July 2022. Therefore, his shares are not included in the calculation of the shares held by the directors and executive officers as a group. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The table below provides information about our common stock that may be issued under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 25,946 257.24 83,584 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 25,946 257.24 83,584 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Review of Related Person Transactions In accordance with its written charter, our Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing all related party transactions as they are presented, and the approval of the Audit Committee is required for all such transactions. The term related party transactions refers to transactions required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. As a smaller reporting company, we are also required to review and approve any transaction, arrangement or relationship in which our company is a participant, the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and a related person has a direct or indirect material interest. In considering related party transactions, our Audit Committee is guided by its fiduciary duty to our stockholders. Our Audit Committee does not have any written or oral policies or procedures regarding the review, approval and ratification of transactions with related parties. Additionally, each of our directors and executive officers are required to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. Our Nominating and Governance Committee and Board of Directors annually review all transactions and relationships disclosed in the director and officer questionnaires, and the Board makes a formal determination regarding each director s independence. Director Independence Our Board of Directors reviews at least annually the independence of each director. During these reviews, our Board of Directors considers transactions and relationships between each director (and his or her immediate family and affiliates), ReShape Lifesciences and our management to determine whether any such transactions or relationships are inconsistent with a determination that the director was independent. This review is based primarily on responses of the directors to questions in a directors and officers questionnaire regarding employment, business, familial, compensation 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 and other relationships with ReShape Lifesciences and our management. Our Board of Directors has determined that no transactions or relationships existed that would disqualify any of our directors under the Nasdaq Stock Market rules or require disclosure under SEC rules, with the exception of Paul Hickey, our President and Chief Executive Officer, because of his current employment relationship with ReShape Lifesciences. Based upon that finding, the Board of Directors determined that Ms. McDougal and Messrs. Blackford, Gladney and Minocherhomjee are independent and the composition of our Board of Directors meets the requirements for independence under the Nasdaq Stock Market. Each of our Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees is composed only of independent directors ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNT ing FEES AND SERVICES Change in Independent Auditor As previously disclosed, on April 8, 2022, BDO USA, LLP resigned as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company effective upon the date of filing of the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. BDO s report on the Company s financial statements the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, or was qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and through the interim period ended April 8, 2022, there were no disagreements with BDO on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which, if not resolved to BDO s satisfaction, would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement(s) in connection with its report on any of the Company s financial statements for such periods. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 and the subsequent interim period through April 8, 2022, there were no reportable events (as that term is described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). On July 15, 2022, the Audit Committee appointed RSM US LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and during the subsequent interim periods through RSM s appointment, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted with RSM regarding the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that RSM concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing, or financial reporting issue, any matter that was the subject of a disagreement with its former auditors or a reportable event, as those terms are defined in Item 304 of Regulation S-K. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following table represents aggregate fees billed to the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 by RSM US LLP and BDO USA, LLP, the Company s independent registered accounting firms during such fiscal years. 

Fiscal Year Ended 2022 2021 Audit Fees (1) 587,000 322,000 Audit-Related Fees Tax Fees All Other Fees Total Fees 587,000 322,000 

 (1) Includes fees billed, or estimates of fees to be billed, for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the referenced fiscal year ended, review of interim consolidated financial statements and services that are normally provided by RSM and BDO, respectively, in connection with statutory and regulatory filings and engagements. Administration of Engagement of Independent Auditor The Audit Committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation for and overseeing the work of our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has established a policy for pre-approving the 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with the auditor independence rules of the SEC. This policy requires the review and pre-approval by the Audit Committee of all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm and an annual review of the financial plan for audit fees. To ensure that auditor independence is maintained, the Audit Committee annually pre-approves the audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm and the related estimated fees for such services, as well as the nature and extent of specific types of audit-related, tax and other non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm during the year. As the need arises, other specific permitted services are pre-approved on a case-by-case basis during the year. A request for pre-approval of services on a case-by-case basis must be submitted by our Chief Financial Officer, providing information as to the nature of the particular service to be provided, estimated related fees and management s assessment of the impact of the service on the auditor s independence. The Audit Committee has delegated to its Chair pre-approval authority between meetings of the Audit Committee. Any pre-approvals made by the Chair must be reported to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will not delegate to management the pre-approval of services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. All of the services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in 2022 were approved by the Audit Committee under its pre-approval policies. PART IV. ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 1. Consolidated Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 herein. 2. Financial Statement Schedules. Other schedules are not applicable and have not been included herein. 3. Exhibits 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number Description of Document 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 19, 2021, by and among Obalon Therapeutics, Inc. Optimus Merger Sub, Inc., and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2021). 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Obalon s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 26, 2016.). 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Obalon s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 14, 2018). 3.3 Certificate of Second Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Obalon s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2019). 3.4 Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 15, 2021). 3.5 Fourth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 15, 2021). 3.6 Fifth Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2022). 3.7 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 15, 2021). 3.8 Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Obalon s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 26, 2016). 4.1 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to the description under the heading Description of Capital Stock in the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2023) 4.2 Form of Common Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 3, 2023). 4.3 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 27, 2023). 4.4 Form of Underwriters Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 27, 2023). 4.5 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 27, 2023). 4.6 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 4.7 Form of Pre-funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 
 107 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description of Document 4.8 Form of New Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 23, 2022). 4.9 Form of Series A Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued November 28, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 28, 2018). 4.10 Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued November 28, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 28, 2018). 4.11 Form of Placement Agent s Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued November 28, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 28, 2018). 4.12 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued September 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 20, 2018). 4.13 Form of Placement Agent s Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued September 20, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 20, 2018). 4.14 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued August 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2018). 4.15 Form of Placement Agent s Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued August 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2018). 4.16 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued July 12, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 12, 2018). 4.17 Form of Placement Agent s Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued July 12, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 12, 2018). 4.18 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued June 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2018). 4.19 Form of Placement Agent s Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued June 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2018). 4.20 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued June 8, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2018). 4.21 Form of Placement Agent s Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued June 8, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8, 2018). 4.22 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued April 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 3, 2018). 4.23 Form of Warrant, dated August 16, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 16, 2017). 
 108 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description of Document 4.24 Form of Series C Warrant, dated as of July 8, 2015, by and between the Company and several accredited investors. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2015 (File No. 1-33818)). 4.25 Form of Warrant. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2015 (File No. 1-33818)). 4.26 Form of Warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on January 11, 2017 (File No. 333-213704)). 10.1 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 20, 2022). 10.2 Second Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended on May 23, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 25, 2018). 10.3 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under Second Amended and Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2017). 10.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between the Company and each of its executive officers and directors. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 6, 2007. 10.5 Employment Agreement, dated November 1, 2022, by and between ReShape and Paul F. Hickey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 10.6 Executive Employment Agreement, dated October 29, 2019, by and between the Company and Thomas Stankovich. 10.7 Retention Bonus Agreement, dated August 2, 2022, between the Company and Thomas Stankovich (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 2, 2022. 10.8 Lease Agreement, dated March 13, 2023, by and between The Irvine Company LLC and the Company. 10.9 Lease agreement, entered into January 20, 2017, by and between t he Company and San Clemente Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 2, 2018). 10.10 Clinical Trial Agreement by and between the Company and Southern California Permanente Medical Group effective as of June 1, 2017 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2017 (File No. 1-33818)). 10.11 Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated June 16, 2022, by and among ReShape Lifesciences Inc. and the investor party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 23, 2022). 10.12 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated November 8, 2022, by and between ReShape Lifesciences Inc. and the investor party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 10.13 Form of Warrant Amendment Agreement, dated November 8, 2022, by and between ReShape Lifesciences Inc. and the investor party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2022). 14.1 Code of Conduct and Ethics of the Company. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on May 25, 2007 (File No. 333-143265)). 
 109 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description of Document 21.1 Subsidiaries of ReShape Lifesciences Inc. 23.1 Consent of RSM US LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 23.2 Consent of BDO USA LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page to this Form 10-K). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 Financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Indicates management contract or compensation plan or agreement. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC. By: /S/ paul f. Hickey Paul F. Hickey President and Chief Executive Officer Dated: April 17, 2023 POWERS OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Paul F. Hickey and Thomas Stankovich, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /S/ paul f. hickey President, and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) April 17, 2023 Paul F. Hickey /S/ Thomas Stankovich Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) April 17, 2023 Thomas Stankovich /S/ DAN W. GLADNEY Executive Chair of the Board April 17, 2023 Dan W. Gladney /S/ GARY D. BLACKFORD Director April 17, 2023 Gary D. Blackford /S/ LORI C. MCDOUGAL Director April 17, 2023 Lori McDougal /S/ ARDA MINOCHERHOMJEE Director April 17, 2023 Arda Minocherhomjee 
 111 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 rsls-20221231xex10d6.htm
 EX-10.6

Exhibit 10.6 RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is made and entered on October 29, 2019 (the Agreement Date ), between ReShape Lifesciences, Company ), a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at I 00 I Calle Amanecer, San Clemente, CA 92673; and Thomas Stankovich Employee ), a California resident whose address is 29011 Modjeska Peak, Trabuco Canyon, CA 92679, for the purpose of setting forth the terms and conditions of Employee s employment by Company. WITNESETH: WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ Employee as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and for Employee to hold such position, on the terms and conditions, and for the consideration, hereinafter set forth and Employee desires to be employed by the Company and hold such position on such terms and conditions and for such consideration; and WHEREAS, Employee executed a Nondisclosure and Noncompetition Agreement with the Company on October 29, 2019 Nondisclosure and Noncompetition Agreement ), which is attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement and fully incorporated herein. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and obligations contained herein, the Company and Employee agree as follows: ARTICLE I EMPLOYMENT, TERM AND DUTIES 1.1 Employment. Effective on the Agreement Date, Employee will be employed as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. Employee accepts such employment and agrees to perform services for the Company pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 1.2 Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Agreement Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with Article III of this Agreement, shall terminate one year from the Agreement Date (the Term provided, however, that the Term of this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one-year terms thereafter unless, at least 90 days before the expiration of the initial Te1m or any additional Term, either party provides written notice to the other of its or his desire to terminate this Agreement. 1.3 Position and Duties. 1.3.1 Service with Company. During the Term, Employee agrees to perform such duties and responsibilities as are assigned to him from time to time by Company s Chief Executive Officer (the CEO and/or Board of Directors (the Board). 

 1.3.2 Performance of Duties. During the Term, Employee agrees to serve Company in an executive capacity as its Chief Financial Officer or such other position as the Company may assign, and shall perform such duties as are required by the CEO and/or the Board. l.3.2a Employee shall at all times be subject to, and shall abide by, the policies established by the Company, including but not limited to the policies set forth in the Company s employee handbook, as it may be updated from time to time. l.3.2b Employee agrees that to the best of his ability and experience he will at all times loyally and conscientiously perform all of the duties and obligations required of him either expressly or implicitly by the terms of this Agreement and that may be assigned to him in accordance with this Agreement. ARTICLE II COMPENSATION, BENEFITS AND EXPENSES 2.1 Base Salary. Subject to the provisions of Article III of this Agreement, during the Term, Company shall pay Employee a Base Salary of 300,000.00 on an annualized basis or such other rate as may from time to time be approved by the Board and/or Company. Such Base Salary shall be paid in substantially equal regular periodic payments, less deductions and withholdings, in accordance with Company s regular payroll procedures, policies and practices, as such may be modified from time to time. The Base Salary shall be reviewed by the Board annually for potential adjustment on the basis of performance; and Employee shall be eligible, at Company s sole discretion, for annual salary changes consistent with Company s procedures, policies and practices. If Employee s Base Salary is increased from time to time during the Term, the increased amount shall become the Base Salary for the remainder of the Term and any extensions of the Term and for as long thereafter as required pursuant to Article III as applicable, subject to any subsequent increases. 2.2 Incentive Compensation. In addition to Base Salary, Company may make Employee eligible for cash or equity awards pursuant to Company s Incentive Compensation Plan, if any, as may be applicable and adopted by Company. Except to the extent as otherwise provided in Article III in connection with a termination of Employee s employment, payment of incentive compensation will be subject to Employee achieving certain objectives set annually by the CEO and/or the Board of Directors (the Board ), with the target amount of any cash incentive compensation for any calendar year to be approved by the Board, which target in no event shall be more than 30 (subject to performance of the specified objectives) of Employee s Base Salary in effect from time to time; provided, the 2019 cash incentive compensation will be pro-rated based on Employee s employment with the Company from the Agreement Date to December 31, 2019. Company shall pay any such incentive compensation for which Employee may be eligible for a calendar year on or before March 15 of the following year (provided that Employee is employed on such date). Employee will not be entitled to receive incentive compensation for any calendar year in which Employee s employment is terminated, except as may be provided in Article III. 2.3 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award. Company will grant Employee a non-qualified stock option under the Company s 2019 Employee Inducement Incentive Award Plan (the Incentive Award Plan to purchase 1.25 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise 
 2 

 price per share equal to the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Incentive Award Plan) of one share of common stock on the date of grant, subject to and contingent upon the approval of the Company s board of directors, the te1ms of which will be governed by the Incentive Award Plan and a non-qualified stock option award agreement to be executed in connection with such grant which will include, an10ng other terms, that such award will vest twenty five percent (25 at the first anniversary of the Agreement Date and 2.0833 per month thereafter. 2.4 Participation in Benefits. During the Term of Employee s employment by Company, Employee shall be entitled to participate in the employee benefits offered generally by Company to its employees, to the extent that Employee s position, tenure, salary, health and other qualifications make Employee eligible to participate. Employee is eligible to receive vacation benefits in accordance with the Company s Paid Time Off policy. Employee s participation in such benefits shall be subject to the terms of the applicable plans, as the same may be amended from time to time. Company does not guarantee the adoption or continuance of any particular employee benefit during Employee s employment; and nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or shall in any way restrict the right of Company to amend, modify or terminate any of its benefit plans during the Term of this Agreement. ARTICLE III TERMINATION AND COMPENSATION FOLLOWING TERMINATION 3.1 Termination. Subject to the respective continuing obligations of the parties under this Agreement, this Agreement and Employee s employment hereunder may be terminated as of the applicable date, whether before or at the end of the Term (the Separation Date under any of the following circumstances: 3.1.1 Termination by Mutual Agreement. By mutual written agreement of the parties at any time, which may specify a Separation Date. 3.1.2 Termination by Employee s Death. If Employee dies during the Term, the date of his death shall be his Separation Date. 3.1.3 Termination Due to Employee s Disability. If Employee becomes Disabled, the Separation Date shall be the effective date of his resignation or his discharge by the Company because of the Disability, after engaging in a good faith interactive process, whichever occurs first. For purposes of this Agreement, Disabled or Disability means the incapacity or inability of Employee, whether due to accident, sickness or otherwise, to perform the essential functions of Employee s position under this Agreement, with or without reasonable accommodation (provided that no accommodation that imposes undue hardship on Company will be required). To the extent Employee is unable to perform the essential functions of his position for more than 90 days during any period of 180 consecutive days, the parties agree that he will be put on an unpaid leave of absence as a reasonable accommodation, and that the Company need not guarantee reinstatement when Employee is released back to work as holding his job open at that time would be an undue hardship. Any disputes over this Section shall be resolved by the parties in Arbitration under Section 4.5. 
 3 

 3.1.4 Termination by Company for Cause. Company may terminate this Agreement and Employee s employment for Cause immediately upon written notice to Employee. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause means: (a) willful breach of Employee s duties to Company or willful breach of this Agreement; (b) Employee s conviction of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty, or moral turpitude; (c) Employee s willful participation in any fraud against or affecting Company or any subsidiary, affiliate, customer, supplier, client, agent, or employee thereof; or (d) any other act that Company reasonably determines constitutes gross or willful misconduct materially detrimental to Company including, but not limited to, unethical practices, dishonesty, disloyalty, or any other acts harmful to Company; provided, however that a for Cause termination pursuant to clause (a), if susceptible of cure, which determination is in the sole discretion of Company to make, shall not become effective unless Employee fails to cure such failure to perform or breach within 30 days after his receipt of written notice from Company, such notice to describe such failure to perform or breach and identity what reasonable actions shall be required to cure such failure to perform or breach. For purposes of this Section 3.1.4, no act, or failure to act, on Employee s part shall be considered dishonest or willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by Employee in bad faith and without reasonable belief that his action or omission was in or not opposed to, the best interest of Company. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board or based upon the advice of counsel for Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by Employee in good faith and in the best interests of Company. Furthermore, the term Cause shall not include ordinary negligence or failure to act, whether due to an error in judgment or otherwise, if Employee has exercised substantial efforts in good faith to perform the duties reasonably assigned or appropriate to his position. 3.1.5 Termination by Employee without Good Reason. Employee may at any time voluntarily terminate his employment under this Agreement, for any reason or no reason, with 30 days written notice. 3. I .6 Termination by Company without Cause. Company may terminate Employee s employment under this Agreement at any time for any reason or no reason with 30 days written notice, except that no notice shall be required for a termination without Cause following a Change in Control as defined in Employee s Non-Incentive Stock Option Agreement(s), as the case may be, with Company (collectively, the Stock Option Agreements ). 3.1.7 Termination by Employee for Good Reason. Employee may at any time voluntarily terminate his employment pursuant to this Agreement for Good Reason (as defined below); provided, however, that any resignation by Employee for Good Reason shall not be effective unless and until the following two conditions have been satisfied: (a) he has notified Company in writing of the facts that he believes constitute Good Reason, within 90 days after such facts first becomes known to him; and (b) Company fails to cure such Good Reason within 30 days after its receipt of that notice. Employee s resignation shall be effective before the end of that 30-day period as of any earlier date on which Company refuses to cure or denies the existence of such Good Reason. The effective date of any resignation for Good Reason shall be a Separation Date. If Company timely cures such Good Reason, or it is determined that the reason for Employee s resignation was not a Good Reason, he shall be deemed not to have resigned unless he elects to resign under Section 3.1.5. 
 4 

 For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means, at any time: (a) the assignment by Company to Employee of employment duties, functions or responsibilities that are significantly different from, and result in a material diminution of, Employee s duties, functions or responsibilities; (b) a material reduction in Employee s Base Salary or the minimum target amount provided under Section 2.2 for his cash incentive compensation for any calendar year of more than 50 ; or (c) a Company requirement that Employee be based at any office or location more than 50 miles from Employee s primary work location before the date of this Agreement. 3.1.8 Termination at End of Term. The termination of this Agreement and Employee s employment, as of the end of the initial Term or any additional Term, pursuant to the operation of the provisions of Section 1.2, shall entitle Employee only to the payments provided in Sections 3.2.1 and 3.3. 3.2 Compensation following Termination of Employment. If Employee s employment pursuant to this Agreement is terminated before the end of the Term, or by Company as of the end of the Term, Employee shall be entitled to the following compensation and benefits upon such termination: 3.2.1 Payment of Base Salary. If Employee s employment is terminated pursuant to any subsection of Section 3.1, Company shall, within 14 calendar days following the Separation Date, pay to Employee, Employee s surviving spouse (or, if none, Employee s estate), as the case may be, any amounts due to Employee for Base Salary through the Separation Date. If a termination occurs pursuant to Section 3.1.5 (by Employee without Good Reason), when Company receives Employee s notice Company shall have the option, at its discretion (a) to continue to engage Employee s services through the 30 day notice period until the Separation Date, or (b) terminate the use of Employee s services during the 30 day notice period before the Separation Date but treat Employee as if he were providing services through the 30 day notice period until the Separation Date for purposes of determining Employee s compensation due him pursuant to this Section 3.2.1. 3.2.2 Payment of Severance for Termination by Company without Cause or by Employee for Good Reason. If (a) Employee s employment is terminated pursuant to either of Sections 3.1.6 (by Company without Cause) or 3.1.7 (by Employee for Good Reason), (b) Employee has executed and delivered to Company, within 60 days after the effective date of that termination, a written release in substantially the same form as is attached hereto as Exhibit B, and (c) the rescission period specified therein has expired, Company shall, subject to any payment delay required by Section 3.2.6, continue to pay, as severance pay, Employee s Base Salary (at the rate in effect on the Separation Date) for a period of six (6) months following the Separation Date. To the extent that Employee has received stock options or other equity awards, the terms of such stock options and/or the Company s Stock Incentive Plan shall determine the vesting of any Options or other equity awards upon termination under this Section 3.2.2. Such payments of Base Salary will be at the usual and customary pay intervals of Company and will be subject to all appropriate deductions and withholdings. For purposes of Employee s qualification for severance pay, his right to any series of such payments due under this Agreement is treated as the right to a series of sepm ate payments, each of which is subject to all of the requirements of this Section 3.2.2. 
 5 

 3.2.3 Payment of Severance at End of Term. If (a) Employee s employment terminates pursuant to Section 3.1.8, (b) Employee has executed and delivered to Company, within 60 days after the effective date of that termination, a written release in substantially the same form as is attached hereto as Exhibit B, and (c) the rescission period specified therein has expired, Company shall, subject to any payment delay required by Section 3.2.6, continue to pay, as severance pay, Employee s Base Salary at the rate in effect on the Separation Date, for a period of six months following the Separation Date. To the extent that Employee has received stock options or other equity awards, the terms of such stock options and/or the Company s Stock Incentive Plan shall determine the vesting of any Options or other equity awards upon termination under this Section 3.2.3. 3.2.4 Effects of Change in Control. Upon the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined in the Stock Option Agreement), Company agrees that, notwithstanding any contrary provisions of the Stock Option Agreements or Company s Incentive Award Plan, the vesting schedule of Employee s stock options granted in the Stock Option Agreements (the Options shall accelerate such that on the date the Change in Control is completed, 100 of any then-unvested shares subject to the Options held by Employee shall immediately vest; provided, however, that if, in connection with the consummation of the transaction resulting in the Change in Control, Employee receives a cash payment with respect to each Option (after they become fully vested) equal to the difference or spread between (a) the per share amount paid to holders of Company s common stock in such transaction and (b) the per share exercise price under the applicable Stock Option Agreement, his Options shall be cancelled upon the consummation of the Change in Control in exchange for such cash payment. 3.2.5 General Provision Regarding Treatment of Options. Except as otherwise specified in Sections 3.2.2 and 3.2.4 of this Agreement, the terms of the Incentive Award Plan and Stock Option Agreements, as applicable, shall govern the treatment of the Options following the Separation Date. 3.2.6 Potential Delay of Severance Payments. If, as of the Separation Date, (a) Company s common stock is publicly traded (as dete1mined under Code Section 409A), (b) Employee is a specified employee (as determined under Code Section 409A), and (c) any pmiion of the severance pay due Employee under Sections 3.2.2, 3.2.3 would exceed the sum of the applicable limited separation pay exclusions (or otherwise not qualify for any exclusion) as determined pursuant to Code Section 409A, then payment of the excess amount shall be delayed until the first regular payroll date of Company following the six month anniversary of Employee s Separation Date (or the date of his death, if earlier than that anniversary), and shall include a lump sum equal to the aggregate amounts that Employee would have received had payment of this excess amount commenced as provided in Sections 3.2.2 or 3.2.3 after the Separation Date. If Employee continues to perform any services for Company (as an employee or otherwise) after the Separation Date, such six month period shall be measured from the date of Employee s separation from service as defined pursuant to Code Section 409A. Each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409 A. 3.3 Benefits Following Certain Employment Terminations. Except as othe1wise provided in this Section 3.3, the benefits to which Employee (or, as applicable, Employee s spouse, eligible dependents or estate) may be entitled upon termination of his employment, pursuant to the plans 
 6 

 and policies of Company described in Article II of this Agreement, shall be determined and paid in accordance with such plans, policies and applicable laws. 3.3.1 COBRA Reimbursements Following Certain Employment Terminations. If Employee s employment is terminated pursuant to any of Section 3.1.2, Section 3.1.3, Section 3.1.6, Section 3.1.7 or Section 3.1.8, subject to Employee s execution and non-revocation of the Release, if Employee timely and effectively elects continuation coverage under Company s group health plans pursuant to section 4980B of the Code, as amended COBRA or similar state law, Company will pay or reimburse the premiums for such coverage of Employee (and Employee s dependents, as applicable) at the same rate it pays for active employees for a period of 6 months from the Separation Date; provided, however, that Company s obligation to make such payments shall immediately expire if Employee ceases to be eligible for continuation coverage under COBRA or similar state law or otherwise terminates such coverage or, if earlier, the date Employee becomes eligible for group health plan coverage with a new employer of Employee. 3.4 Surrender of Records and Property. Upon termination of Employee s employment with Company, Employee shall deliver promptly to Company all Confidential Information as defined in the Nondisclosure and Noncompetition Agreement attached at Exhibit A, and all Company property including, but not necessarily limited to records, manuals, books, blank forms, documents, letters, memoranda, business plans, minutes, notes, notebooks, reports, computer disks, computer software, computer programs (including source code, object code, on-line files, documentation, testing materials and plans and reports), computer print-outs, member or customer lists, credit cards, keys, identification, products, access cards, designs, drawings, sketches, devices, specifications, formulae, data, tables or calculations or copies thereof, and all other tangible or intangible prope1ty relating in any way to the business of Company that are the property of Company or any subsidiary or affiliate, if any, or which relate in any way to the business, products, practices or techniques of Company or any subsidiary or affiliate. 3.6 Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Employee will experience a termination of employment with the Company only if such termination also constitutes a separation from service as defined under Code Section 409A. The payment and benefits provided under this Article III are intended to be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A and this Agreement will be construed and administered to give effect to such intent. ARTICLE IV MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 4.1 Company Remedies. Employee acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions and agreements contained in this Agreement and in the Nondisclosure and Noncompetition Agreement that is attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect legitimate interests of Company; that any violation of the Nondisclosure and Noncompetition Agreement would be highly injurious to Company; that Employee s violation of the Nondisclosure and Noncompetition Agreement would cause Company irreparable harm that would not be adequately compensated by monetary damages; and that the remedy at law for any breach of any of the provisions of the Nondisclosure and Noncompetition Agreement will be inadequate. 
 7 

 4.2 Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assignable, in whole or in part, by Employee without the written consent of Company and any purported or attempted assignment or transfer of this Agreement or any of Employee s duties, responsibilities or obligations hereunder shall be void. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Employee, Employee s heirs and personal representatives. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Company and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company may not, without the written consent of Employee, assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any business entity that has become the successor to Company in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation or similar transaction. After any such assigmnent by Company to which Employee has given such consent, Company shall be discharged from all further liability hereunder and such successor assignee shall thereafter be deemed to be Company for the purposes of all provisions of this Agreement. 4.3 Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing, shall be deemed to have been duly given on the date of service if personally served on the parties to whom notice is to be given, or on the third day after mailing if mailed to the parties to whom notice is given, whether by first class, registered, or certified mail, and properly addressed as follows: If to Company, at: ReShape Lifesciences 1001 Calle Amanecer San Clemente, CA 92673 If to Employee, at: Thomas Stankovich 29011 Modjeska Pea Trabuco Canyon, CA 92679 
 Any party may change the address for the purpose of this Section by giving the other written notice of the new address in the manner set forth above. 4.4 Governing Law/Venue. The validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. The parties irrevocably consent and agree that the venue of any cause of action seeking injunctive relief shall be California District Court, Orange County, and the parties further irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of the California District Court for any such action. 4.5 Mediation and Arbitration. Employee and the Company agree that any and all disputes regarding this Agreement or Employee s employment with the Company will first be addressed in mediation before a mutually agreeable mediator, paid for by the Company. If the matter cannot be resolved in mediation, then the dispute will be resolved in binding arbitration administered by JAMS pursuant to its Employment Arbitration Rules then in effect (available at www.jamsadr.com and upon request). The arbitration shall take place in San Clemente, California before an experienced employment arbitrator licensed to practice law in California and mutually selected by the parties. The arbitrator may not modify or change this Agreement in any way. All out-of pocket costs of the arbitration, including the fees of the arbitrator, the costs of any record or 
 8 

 transcript of the arbitration, administrative fees, and other fees and costs shall be paid for by the Company. Each party shall initially be responsible for his/its own attorneys fees, except that the arbitrator may award such fees and costs, exclusive of the arbitrator s fees, to the prevailing party in a manner consistent with applicable law as set forth in Paragraph 4.12. All procedural and substantive rights that the Employee and the Company would have in a court of law, will be extended to the parties in arbitration, including full discove1y, the application of the Federal Rules of Evidence, and all forms of relief. The parties expressly acknowledge that they are waiving any right they may have to a jury trial for any and all claims covered by this Agreement. 4.5 a Class Action Waiver. Except as otherwise required under applicable law, the Company and Employee expressly intend and agree as follows: (1) that class action and representative action procedures shall not be asserted, nor will they apply, in any arbitration pursuant to this Agreement; (2) that neither the Company nor Employee will assert, participate in, or join class action or representative action claims against the other in arbitration or otherwise; and (3) that the Company and Employee shall only submit their own, individual claims in arbitration and will not seek to represent the interests of any other person. 4.6 Construction. Notwithstanding the general rules of construction, both Company and Employee acknowledge that both parties were given an equal opportunity to negotiate the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, and agree that the identity of the drafter of this Agreement is not relevant to any interpretation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. To the extent any provision of this Agreement may be deemed to provide a benefit to Employee that is treated as non-qualified deferred compensation pursuant to Code Section 409A, such provision shall be interpreted in a manner that qualifies for any applicable exemption from compliance with Code Section 409 or, if such interpretation would cause any reduction of benefit(s), such provision shall be interpreted (if reasonably possible) in a manner that complies with Code Section 409A and does not cause any such reduction. 4.7 Severability. In the event any provision of this Agreement (or portion thereof) shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not in any way affect the legality or validity of any other provision of this Agreement. To the extent any provision (or portion thereof) of this Agreement shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such provision (or portion thereof) shall be deemed to be deleted from this Agreement as to such jurisdiction only, and the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provision and of this Agreement shall be unaffected. 4.8 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the Nondisclosure and Noncompetition Agreement that is attached as its Exhibit A and fully incorporated herein, is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties and sets forth the entire agreement between Company and Employee with respect to Employee s employment by Company, and there are no undertakings, covenants or commitments other than as set fmth herein. The Agreement may not be altered or amended, except by a writing executed by Employee and a member of the Board. This Agreement supersedes, terminates, replaces and supplants any and all other prior understandings or agreements between the parties relating in any way to the hiring or employment of Employee by Company. 
 9 

 4.9 Survival. The parties expressly acknowledge and agree that the provisions of this Agreement that by their express or implied terms extend beyond the expiration of this Agreement or the termination of Employee s employment under this Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect, notwithstanding Employee s termination of employment under this Agreement or the expiration of this Agreement. 4.10 Waivers. No failure on the part of either party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right or remedy under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy granted hereby or by any related document or by law. 4.11 Attorneys Fees for Resolving Disputes. If any party to this Agreement is made or shall become a party to any litigation (including arbitration) commenced by or against the other party involving the enforcement of any of the rights or remedies of such party, or arising on account of a default of the other party in its performance of any of the other party s obligations hereunder, then the prevailing party in such litigation shall be entitled to receive from the other party all costs incurred by the prevailing party in such litigation, plus reasonable attorneys fees to be fixed by the court or arbitrator (as applicable), with interest thereon from the date of judgment or arbitrator s decision at the rate of 8 or, if less, the maximum rate permitted by law. [Signature Page Follows] 
 10 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the paities hereto ha v e execut e d this Agreement as of the date first above written . ReShape Lifesciences By _________________________ Its: ______________________ ____________________________ Thomas Stanokvich 
 11 

 Exhibit A ReShape Lifesciences Inc. Nondisclosure and Non-Solicitation Agreement This is an agreement between Employee and ReShape Lifesciences Inc. , its affiliates, successors and assigns Employer ). The patties agree that Employer would be substantially harmed if Employee competes with Employer during employment with Employer or after termination of employment with Employer. The parties further agree that Employer would be substantially harmed if Employee were to disclose its Confidential , Proprietary and Trade Secret Information. Therefore, in consideration of Employer s employment of Employee for monetary compensation, benefits, access to Employer s Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information, and / or other valuable consideration provided by Employer, Employee agrees as follows: I. Nondisclosure of Confidential, Proprietary, and Trade Secret Information Employee agrees not to disclose Confidential Information to any other third party or company, other than in connection with Employee s employment with Employer, or use such information , directly or indirectly, for any purpose whatsoever, without the prior written consent of Employer . For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information means any information that is not generally known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; information which derives independent economic benefit from not being known to such persons; and info1mation about the activities or business of Employer that is not generally known to others engaged in similar business or activities, its products, services, finances, trade secrets, contracts , patents filed or pending , the techniques used in completing customer projects, research and development, data and information, processes, designs , engineering, marketing plans or techniques, organization or operation . The foregoing list is intended to be illustrative rather than comprehensive. Additionally, the term confidential info1mation shall mean any confidential info1mation as that term is defined in any Agreement Employer may have with its customers or other third parties from time to time. II. Assignment of Inventions A) Disclosure and Assignment of Inventions and Other Works. During the term of this Agreement and for one year following the Separation Date , Employee shall promptly disclose to Employer in writing all ideas, improvements and discoveries, whether or not such are patentable or copyrightable, and whether or not in writing or reduced to practice Inventions and any writings , drawings, diagrams, charts, tables, databases, software (in object or source code and recorded on any medium), and any other works of authorship, whether or not such are copyrightable Works of Authorship that are conceived, made, discovered , written or created by Employee alone or jointly with any person, g roup or entity, whether during the normal hours of his employment at Employer or on Employee s 
 
 12 

 own time. Employee hereby assigns all rights to all such Inventions and Works of Authorship to Employer. Employee shall give Employer all the assistance it reasonably requires for Employer to perfect, protect, and use its rights to such Inventions and Works of Authorship. Employee shall sign all such documents, take all such actions and supply all such information that Employer considers necessary or desirable to transfer or record the transfer of Employer s entire right, title and interest in such Inventions and Works of Authorship and to enable Employer to obtain exclusive patent, copyright, or other legal protection for Inventions and Works of Authorship anywhere in the world, provided Employer shall bear all reasonable expenses of Employee in rendering such cooperation. B) Prior Inventions. Employee has set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto a list of all significant Inventions, to the best of his knowledge, that Employee has, alone or jointly with others, made prior to his employment with Employer that Employee considers to be Employee s property or the property of third parties and that Employee wishes to exclude from the scope of this Agreement (collectively referred to as Prior Inventions ). If no such disclosure is attached, or permission supporting evidence is available, Employee represents that there are no Prior Inventions. If, during Employee s employment with Employer, Employee incorporates a Prior Invention into an Employer product or process, Employer is hereby granted a nonexclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicenses) to make, have made, modify, use and sell such Prior Invention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee agrees that Employee will not incorporate, or permit to be incorporated, Prior Inventions in any Employer Inventions without Employer s prior written consent. C) Notice and Acknowledgment . In accordance with California Statutes, the foregoing paragraph does not require Employee to assign or offer to assign to Employer any of Employee s rights in an Invention that Employee developed entirely on Employee s own time without using Employer s equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information, and (a) that does not relate directly to Employer s business or to Employer s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development, or (b) that does not result from any work performed by Employee for Employer. For the purpose of this Section, Employer s business shall be defined as development pertaining to implantable medical devices to treat obesity or devices to apply signals to a vagus nerve to treat a gastrointestinal disorder (e.g., obesity, pancreatitis or irritable bowel syndrome). To the extent a provision in this Agreement purports to require Employee to assign Inventions otherwise excluded by this paragraph, the provision is against the public policy of the State of California and is unenforceable. By signing this Agreement, Employee acknowledges receipt of the notification required by California Statutes. III. Non-Solicitation of Employees Employee hereby acknowledges that Employer s employees, consultants and other contractors constitute vital and valuable aspects of its business and missions on a worldwide basis. In recognition of that fact, for a period of one year following the termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Employee shall not solicit, or assist anyone else in the solicitation of, any of Employer s then-current employees, consultants and other contractors to terminate their 
 13 

 respective relationships with Employer and to become employees, consultants and other contractors of any enterprise with which Employee may then be associated, affiliated or connected. IV. Employer Remedies Employee acknowledges and agrees that the restnct10ns and agreements contained in this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect legitimate interests of Employer, that the services to be rendered by Employee are of a special, unique and extraordinary character, that it would be difficult to replace such services, that any violation of this Agreement would be highly injurious to Employer, Employee s violation of any provision of this Agreement would cause Employer irreparable harm that would not be adequately compensated by monetary damages, and that the remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement will be inadequate. Accordingly, Employee specifically agrees that Employer shall be entitled, in addition to any remedy at law, to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief and specific performance for any actual or threatened violation of this Agreement and to enforce the provisions of this Agreement. Should a breach of the agreement occur, Employer will be entitled to recover costs, including attorney s fees, incurred in enforcing the te1ms of the Agreement for each breach. If a Court finds any part of the Agreement to be invalid, the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect to the extent possible. V. Governing Law/Venue The validity, interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. The parties irrevocably consent and agree that the venue of any cause of action seeking injunctive relief shall be California District Court, Orange County, and the patties further irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of the California District Comt for any such action. VI. Construction Notwithstanding the general rules of construction, both Employer and Employee acknowledge that both parties were given an equal opportunity to negotiate the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, and agree that the identity of the drafter of this Agreement is not relevant to any interpretation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. VII. Severability In the event any provision of this Agreement (or portion thereof) shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not in any way affect the legality or validity of any other provision of this Agreement. To the extent any provision (or portion thereof) of this Agreement shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such provision (or portion thereof) shall be deemed to be deleted from this Agreement as to such jurisdiction only, and the validity and enforceability of the remainder of such provision and of this Agreement shall be unaffected. 
 14 

 VIII. Waiver Failure by Employer to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of or a prohibition against any further enforcement of that provision or any other provision of this Agreement. IX. Entire Agreement and Amendment This Agreement supersedes all previous agreements between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement. All amendments to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the parties to be effective. X. At Will Employment This Agreement is not an employment agreement for any specified period of time and Employee understands that either Employee or Employer may terminate the employment relationship at any time and for any reason or no reason at all. XI. Succession and Survival This Agreement and the rights, duties and obligations of this Agreement shall survive the termination of Employee s employment with Employer and shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon Employee s heirs, assigns and personal representatives and the successors of Employer. 
 15 

 Executed this day of 20 . EMPLOYEE By: Printed Name: RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC. By: Printed Name: Its: 
 
 16 

 EXHIBIT A To: ReShape Lifesciences Inc. From: Date: Subject: Prior Inventions 
 1. Except as listed in Section 2 below, the following is a complete list of all inventions or improvements relevant to the subject matter of my emp l oyment by ReShape Lifesciences , Inc. Employer that have been made or conceived or first reduced to practice by me alone or jointly with others prior to my engagement by Employer : No inventions or improvements. See below: 
 Additional sheets attached 2. Due to a prior confidentiality agreement , I cannot complete the disclosure under Section 1 above with respect to inventions or improvements generally listed below, the proprietary rights and duty of confidentiality with respect to which I owe to the following parties: Invention or Improvement Party(ies) Relationship 1. 2. 3. 
 Additional sheets attached 
 17 

 EXHIBIT B CONFIDENTIAL SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE This Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release (hereinafter Agreement is entered into by and between (hereinafter you and ReShape Lifesciences Inc. (hereinafter ReShape Lifesciences ). WHEREAS, you and ReShape Lifesciences entered into an Employment Agreement dated Employment Agreement which terminates effective ------------------------ except as to certain provisions outlined below; WHEREAS, ReShape Lifesciences wishes to provide you with the separation benefits described in Section 2 below; and WHEREAS, you and ReShape Lifesciences want to fully and finally settle all issues, differences, and claims, whether potential or actual, between you and ReShape Lifesciences, including, but not limited to, any claim that might arise out of your employment with ReShape Lifesciences or the termination of your employment with ReShape Lifesciences; NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the provisions and of the mutual covenants contained herein, you and ReShape Lifesciences agree as follows: I. Separation from Employment. Effective (your date of separation ), your employment with ReShape Lifesciences terminates. Except as provided in this Agreement, all benefits and privileges of employment end as of your date of separation. 2. Separation Benefits. As consideration for your promises and obligations under this Agreement, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the release of claims set forth below, ReShape Lifesciences agrees to pay you, as separation pay, the gross amount of ,less applicable deductions and withholdings for state and federal taxes, which amount represents six months of your base salary as of your date of separation. The separation pay will be divided and paid to you in substantially equal periodic payments at the usual and customary pay intervals of ReShape Lifesciences, less deductions and withholdings. The payments will begin within 30 business days of the date on which ReShape Lifesciences receives this Agreement signed by you, provided that you do not revoke or rescind this Agreement as set forth below. You agree that you ai e not entitled to the separation benefits provided to you in this Agreement if you do not sign this Agreement. 3. Incentive Compensation. You are not entitled to receive incentive compensation for calendar year . 4. Medical, Dental, and Life Insurance. The benefits to which you (or, as applicable, your spouse and eligible dependents) may be entitled upon termination of your employment shall be dete1mined and paid in accordance with such plans, policies and applicable laws. 5. Stock Options. All options to purchase shares of common stock of ReShape Lifesciences held by you (the Options are subject to the terms of one or more Stock Option Agreements between you and the Company (each, an Option Agreement and were granted pursuant to the ReShape Lifesciences Inc. 2019 Employee Inducement Incentive Award Plan, as 

amended (the Plan ). Pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Option Agreements, ReShape Lifesciences agrees that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in such Option Agreements or the Plan, during the two-year period following your date of separation, you shall be permitted to exercise any Option immediately to the extent that such Option was vested as of your date of separation or would have vested within one year of your date of separation had your employment with Company not terminated. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in such Option Agreements or the Plan, ReShape Lifesciences shall have a right, following your date of separation, to buy back all such Options based on the per share exercise price under the applicable Option Agreement. The parties agree and acknowledge that, with respect to any Options that were intended by the parties to be treated as incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, such Options, to the extent they may be exercised by you more than 90 days following your date of separation, shall be treated as non-qualified options, notwithstanding any provision in the Option Agreements to the contra1y. 6. Confidential Information; Nonsolicitation. You executed an Employment Agreement with ReShape Lifesciences as well as a Nondisclosure and Noncompetition Agreement, copies of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A. All provisions of both agreements, including those, that by their terms, survive the termination of your employment will continue in full force and effect and are not negated or otherwise affected by this Agreement, including but not limited to the Employment Agreement Section 4.1: Company Remedies; Section 4.4: Governing Law/Venue; Section 4.5: Arbitration; and the Confidentiality and Non-Solicitation attached to the Employment Agreement as its Exhibit A and fully incorporated therein. 7. Return ofReShape Lifesciences Property. You acknowledge that, on or before the date you sign this Agreement, you have returned all ReShape Lifesciences property in your possession, including, but not limited to, all files, memoranda, documents, records, copies of the foregoing, any ReShape Lifesciences credit card, computer, fax machine, Sma1tphone, printer, copier, keys, access cards, and any other property of ReShape Lifesciences in your possession. You also acknowledge that, on or before the date you sign this Agreement, you have provided ReShape Lifesciences with any and all pass codes and/or personal identification numbers used by you to access the ReShape Lifesciences computer system, e-mail system, and/or the Internet, and/or documents or files contained on and saved in the ReShape Lifesciences computer system. 8. Duty to Cooperate. You agree that, beginning on the date you are presented with this Agreement, you will cooperate with ReShape Lifesciences with respect to the transition of your duties, the preservation of effective operations and customer service, and ReShape Lifesciences strategic and commercial initiatives. As part of your agreement to cooperate, you will provide a list identifying the status of major projects under way, pending customer interactions, the status of sale cycles with customers, the names and contact information of key contacts at customers, and any other information reasonably requested by ReShape Lifesciences regarding your duties and responsibilities. You further agree that, in the 30 day period following your acceptance of this Agreement you will periodically make yourself accessible and available during normal business hours for consultation with ReShape Lifesciences representatives in connection with the transition of your duties and responsibilities. You agree that such consultation may include appearing from time to time at the office of ReShape Lifesciences for conferences. 
 2 

9. Confidentiality . You agree that the existence and terms and conditions of this Agreement (other than Exhibit A) shall remain confidential and that you will not disclose any information concerning the provisions of this Agreement to any person or entity, including, but not limited to, any present or former employee of ReShape Lifesciences. These confidentiality provisions are subject to the following exceptions: you may disclose the provisions of this Agreement to your attorneys, accountants, tax and financial advisors, and immediate family, or in the course of legal proceedings involving ReShape Lifesciences, or in response to a subpoena, court order, or inquiry by a government agency. You further agree that, if any information concerning the provisions of this Agreement is revealed as permitted by this section, you shall inform the recipient of the information that it is confidential, and the recipient shall agree to keep the information confidential. 10. Release. By this Agreement, you intend to settle any and all claims that you have or may have against ReShape Lifesciences as a result ofReShape Lifesciences hiring you, your employment with ReShape Lifesciences, and the decision to terminate your employment with ReShape Lifesciences. You agree that, in exchange for ReShape Lifesciences promises in this Agreement, and in exchange for the consideration provided to you by ReShape Lifesciences, described above in Section 2, you, on behalf of your heirs, successors and assigns, hereby release and discharge ReShape Lifesciences, its predecessors, successors, assigns, parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and related companies, and their officers, directors, shareholders, agents, servants, employees, and insurers (collectively the Released Parties from all liability for damages and from all claims that you may have against the Released Parties occurring up through the date you sign this Agreement. You understand and agree that your release of claims in this Agreement includes, but is not limited to, any claims you may have under: Title VII of the Federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the Americans with Disabilities Act; the Equal Pay Act; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended; the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act; the Family and Medical Leave Act; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988; the False Claims Act and/or any other local, state, or federal law governing discrimination in employment and/or the payment of wages and benefits. You also agree and understand that you are giving up all other claims, whether grounded in contract or tort theories, including but not limited to: wrongful discharge; breach of contract; any claim for unpaid compensation (including, but not limited to, any claims for PTO or severance except as set forth in this Agreement, or for incentive compensation); tortious interference with contractual relations; promissory estoppel; detrimental reliance; breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; breach of express or implied promise; breach of manuals or other policies; breach of fiduciary duty; assault; battery; fraud; false imprisonment; invasion of privacy; intentional or negligent misrepresentation; defamation, including libel, slander, discharge defamation and self-publication defamation; discharge in violation of public policy; whistleblower; qui tam actions; intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress; or any other theory, whether legal or equitable. You understand that nothing contained in this Agreement, including but not limited to this Section I 0, will be interpreted to prevent you from filing a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC ), or any other governmental agency or from participating in or cooperating with an EEOC or other governmental agency investigation or proceeding. 
 3 

However, you agree that you are waiving the right to monetary damages or other individual legal or equitable relief awarded as a result of any such proceeding. 11. Time to Accept. You are hereby informed that the terms of this Agreement shall be open for acceptance and execution by you through and including _______, during which time you may consult with an attorney and consider whether to accept this Agreement. Changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, will not restart the running of this acceptance period. You hereby are advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement. 12. Consideration and Revocation Period. You are hereby informed of your right to revoke your release of claims, insofar as it extends to potential claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, by informing ReShape Lifesciences of your intent to revoke your release of claims within 7 calendar days following your signing of this Agreement. You are also informed of your right to rescind your release of claims, insofar as it extends to potential claims under the California Human Rights Act, by delivering a written rescission to ReShape Lifesciences within 15 calendar days after your signing of this Agreement. You understand that any such revocation or rescission must be made in writing and delivered by hand or by certified mail, return receipt requested, postmarked on or before the last day within the applicable revocation period to: Erica Charlton, HR Payroll Specialist, ReShape Lifesciences, Inc., I 001 Calle Amanecer, CA 92673. If you exercise your right to revoke or rescind this Agreement, ReShape Lifesciences may, at its option, either nullify this Agreement in its entirety, or keep it in effect in all respects other than as to that portion of your release of claims that you have revoked or rescinded. You agree and understand that if ReShape Lifesciences chooses to nullify the Agreement in its entirety, ReShape Lifesciences will have no obligations under this Agreement to you or to others whose rights derive from you. 13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, as well as the exhibits hereto and any agreements referenced herein, is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties and sets forth the entire agreement between ReShape Lifesciences and you with respect to your employment by ReShape Lifesciences, and there are no undertakings, covenants or commitments other than as set forth herein. The Agreement may not be altered or amended, except by a writing executed by you and a member of the Board. Except as otherwise indicated, this Agreement supersedes, te1minates, replaces and supplants any and all prior understandings or agreements between the parties relating in any way to you hiring or employment by ReShape Lifesciences. 14. Governing Law. The laws of the State of California will govern the validity, construction and performance of this Agreement, without regard to the conflict of law provisions of any other jurisdictions. If any part of this Agreement is construed to be in violation of any law, such part shall be modified to achieve the objective of the parties to the fullest extent permitted and the balance of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. If such modification is not possible, said provision will be deemed severable from the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the balance of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 15. Remedies. Any disputes with regard to this Agreement will be governed by the Arbitration Agreement in Section 4.5 of your Employment Agreement. 
 4 

16. Non-Disparagement/Litigation Assistance. You agree to refrain from any disparagement of the Company, including to the Company s owners, former and cun-ent employees to members of the public. You further agree not to commence, maintain, prosecute or participate in (except as may be required by law, pursuant to court order, or in response to a valid subpoena) any action, charge, complaint, or proceeding of any kind (on your own behalf and/or on behalf of any other person or entity and/or on behalf of or as a member of any alleged class of persons) in any court, or before any administrative or investigative body or agency (whether public, quasi-public or private) against the Company or any Released Party with respect to any act, omission, transaction or occurrence arising out of your employment at the Company. 17. No Admission. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to be, and nothing will be deemed to be, an admission of liability by ReShape Lifesciences or you that either party has violated any state or federal statute, local ordinance or principle of common law, or that either party has engaged in any wrongdoing. 18. Waiver. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party making the waiver. The waiver by either party of a breach by the other party of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement on the dates set forth below to be effective as of the date shown below. I acknowledge and agree that I have read this Agreement in its entirety and that I agree to the conditions and obligations set forth herein. Further, I agree that I have had adequate time to consider the terms of this Agreement and that I am voluntarily entering into this Agreement with a full understanding of its meaning. I understand that I am hereby advised to consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement. 

Dated: Thomas Stankovich RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC. Dated: By: Its: 
 
 5 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 rsls-20221231xex10d8.htm
 EX-10.8
 
 Exhibit 10.8
 LEASE
BETWEEN
THE IRVINE COMPANY LLC
AND
RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
1
LEASE
(Short Form)
THIS LEASE is made as of \fed\ __________________, by and between THE IRVINE COMPANY LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, hereafter called Landlord, and RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC, a Delaware corporation,
hereafter called Tenant. 
ARTICLE 1. BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS
Each reference in this Lease to the Basic Lease Provisions shall mean and refer to the following collective terms,
the application of which shall be governed by the provisions in the remaining Articles of this Lease.
1. Tenant s Trade Name: N/A
2. Premises: Suite No. 110 (The Premises are more particularly described in Section 2.1.)
Building: 18 Technology Drive, Irvine, CA 92618
Project: Technology Link (as shown on Exhibit Y to this Lease)
3. Permitted Use: General office, research and development, and warehouse, and for no other use.
4. Commencement Date: May 1, 2023
5. Lease Term: 36 months, plus such additional days as may be required to cause this Lease to expire on the final day
of a calendar month.
6. Basic Rent:
Months of Term or Period Monthly Rate Per Rentable
Square Foot
Monthly Basic Rent
1 to 12 1.80 9,068.40
13 to 24 1.87 9,421.06
25 to 36 1.94 9,773.72
Notwithstanding the above schedule of Basic Rent to the contrary, as long as Tenant is not in Default (as defined in
Section 14.1) under this Lease, Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement of 2 full calendar months of Basic Rent in the
aggregate amount of 18,136.80 (i.e. 9,068.40 per month) (the Abated Basic Rent for the first 2 full calendar
months of the Term (the Abatement Period ). In the event Tenant Defaults at any time during the Term, all Abated
Basic Rent shall immediately become due and payable. The payment by Tenant of the Abated Basic Rent in the event
of a Default shall not limit or affect any of Landlord s other rights, pursuant to this Lease or at law or in equity. Only
Basic Rent shall be abated during the Abatement Period and all other additional rent and other costs and charges
specified in this Lease shall remain due and payable pursuant to the provisions of this Lease.
7. Expense Recovery Period: Every twelve-month period during the Term (or portion thereof during the first and last
Lease years) ending June 30.
8. Floor Area of Premises: approximately 5,038 rentable square feet
Floor Area of Building: approximately 124,004 rentable square feet
9. Security Deposit: 10,751.09
10. Broker(s): Irvine Management Company Landlord s Broker is the agent of Landlord exclusively and Lee 
Associates Tenant s Broker is the agent of Tenant exclusively.
11. Parking: 15 parking spaces in accordance with the provisions set forth in Exhibit F to this Lease.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B
March 13, 2023 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
2
12. Address for Payments and Notices:
LANDLORD
Payment Registration Address:
Email tenantportal@irvinecompany.com to request an
account for the Tenant Payment Portal.
Notice Address:
THE IRVINE COMPANY LLC
550 Newport Center Drive
Newport Beach, CA 92660
Attn: Executive Vice President, Operations
Office Properties
TENANT
Notice Address:
RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC
18 Technology Drive, Suite 110
Irvine, CA 92618
LIST OF LEASE EXHIBITS (All exhibits, riders and addenda attached to this Lease are hereby incorporated into and
made a part of this Lease):
Exhibit A Description of Premises
Exhibit B Operating Expenses
Exhibit C Utilities and Services
Exhibit D Tenant s Insurance
Exhibit E Rules and Regulations
Exhibit F Parking
Exhibit H Landlord s Disclosures
Exhibit Y Project Description
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
3
ARTICLE 2. PREMISES
2.1. LEASED PREMISES. Landlord leases to Tenant and Tenant leases from Landlord the Premises shown in
Exhibit A (the Premises ), containing approximately the floor area set forth in Item 8 of the Basic Lease Provisions (the
 Floor Area ). The Premises are located in the building identified in Item 2 of the Basic Lease Provisions (the Building ),
which is a portion of the project described in Item 2 (the Project ). Landlord and Tenant stipulate and agree that the Floor
Area of Premises set forth in Item 8 of the Basic Lease Provisions is correct.
2.2. ACCEPTANCE OF PREMISES. Tenant acknowledges that neither Landlord nor any representative of Landlord
has made any representation or warranty with respect to the Premises, the Building or the Project or the suitability or fitness
of either for any purpose, except as set forth in this Lease. Tenant acknowledges that the flooring materials which may be
installed within portions of the Premises located on the ground floor of the Building may be limited by the moisture content
of the Building slab and underlying soils. The taking of possession or use of the Premises by Tenant for any purpose other
than construction shall conclusively establish that the Premises and the Building were in satisfactory condition and in
conformity with the provisions of this Lease in all respects. Nothing contained in this Section 2.2 shall affect the
commencement of the Term or the obligation of Tenant to pay rent.
2.3. GOOD WORKING ORDER WARRANTY. Landlord warrants to Tenant that the lighting, heating, ventilation and
air conditioning systems and all plumbing and electrical systems serving the Building and the Premises (collectively, the
 Building Systems ), and the roof of the Building, shall be in good operating condition as of the day the Premises are
delivered to Tenant.
ARTICLE 3. TERM
3.1. GENERAL. The term of this Lease Term shall commence on the date as set forth in Item 4 of the Basic Lease
Provisions Commencement Date and shall end upon the expiration of the period set forth in Item 5 of the Basic Lease
Provisions Expiration Date ).
3.2. DELAY IN POSSESSION. If Landlord, for any reason whatsoever, cannot deliver possession of the Premises
to Tenant on or before the Commencement Date, this Lease shall not be void or voidable nor shall Landlord be liable to
Tenant for any resulting loss or damage.
3.3. EARLY OCCUPANCY. Following the full execution of this Lease, payment of all deposits due hereunder and
delivery of proper evidence of insurance pursuant to Exhibit D hereof, Tenant shall be permitted to enter the Premises at
any time on or after April 1, 2023, in order that it may install its security systems, cabling and fixturizing the Premises, subject
to Landlord s prior written approval, and otherwise in accordance with the requirements of Section 7.3 of this Lease and/or
to commence its normal business operations therein. The foregoing license to enter the Premises prior to the
Commencement Date is however, conditioned upon (i) the compliance by Tenant s contractors with all requirements
imposed by Landlord on third party contractors, including without limitation the maintenance by Tenant and its contractors
and subcontractors of workers compensation and public liability and property damage insurance in amounts and with
companies and on forms satisfactory to Landlord, with certificates of such insurance being furnished to Landlord prior to
proceeding with any such entry and (ii) Tenant s contractors and their subcontractors and employees working in harmony
and not interfering with the work being performed by Landlord, if any. If at any time that entry shall cause disharmony or
interfere with the work being performed by Landlord, this license may be withdrawn by Landlord upon 24 hours written
notice to Tenant. Tenant s occupancy of the Premises prior to the Commencement Date shall be subject to all of the terms
and obligations of this Lease, including the indemnity provisions herein, except that Tenant shall not be required to pay
Basic Rent or Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses during that period.
ARTICLE 4. RENT AND OPERATING EXPENSES
4.1. BASIC RENT. From and after the Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, without deduction or
offset (unless this Lease expressly provides otherwise), rent for the Premises in the total amount shown (including
subsequent adjustments, if any) in Item 6 of the Basic Lease Provisions (the Basic Rent ). If the Commencement Date is
other than the first day of a calendar month, any rental adjustment shown in Item 6 shall be deemed to occur on the first
day of the next calendar month following the specified monthly anniversary of the Commencement Date. The Basic Rent
shall be due and payable in advance commencing on the Commencement Date and continuing thereafter on the first day
of each successive calendar month of the Term, as prorated for any partial month. No demand, notice or invoice shall be
required. An installment in the amount of 1 full month s Basic Rent at the initial rate specified in Item 6 of the Basic Lease
Provisions, and 1 month s estimated Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses shall be delivered to Landlord concurrently with
Tenant s execution of this Lease as prepayment of the first installment thereof due under this Lease.
4.2. OPERATING EXPENSES. Tenant shall pay Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses in accordance with Exhibit B
of this Lease.
4.3. SECURITY DEPOSIT. Concurrently with Tenant s delivery of this Lease, Tenant shall deposit with Landlord the
sum, if any, stated in Item 9 of the Basic Lease Provisions (the Security Deposit ), to be held by Landlord as security for
the full and faithful performance of Tenant s obligations under this Lease, to pay any rental sums, including without limitation
such additional rent as may be owing under any provision hereof, and to maintain the Premises as required by this Lease.
Upon any Default by Tenant, Landlord may apply all or part of the Security Deposit as full or partial compensation. If any
portion of the Security Deposit is so applied, Tenant shall within 5 business days after written demand by Landlord deposit
cash with Landlord in an amount sufficient to restore the Security Deposit to its original amount. Landlord shall not be
required to keep the Security Deposit separate from its general funds, and Tenant shall not be entitled to interest on the
Security Deposit. In no event may Tenant utilize all or any portion of the Security Deposit as a payment toward any Rent
due under this Lease. Any unapplied balance of the Security Deposit shall be returned to Tenant or, at Landlord s option,
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
4
to the last assignee of Tenant s interest in this Lease within 30 days following the termination of this Lease and Tenant s
vacation of the Premises. Tenant hereby waives the provisions of Section 1950.7 of the California Civil Code, or any similar
or successor laws now or hereafter in effect.
ARTICLE 5. USES
5.1. USE. Tenant shall use the Premises only for the purposes stated in Item 3 of the Basic Lease Provisions and
for no other use whatsoever. Tenant shall not do or permit anything to be done in or about the Premises which will in any
way interfere with the rights or quiet enjoyment of other occupants of the Building or the Project, or use or allow the Premises
to be used for any unlawful purpose, nor shall Tenant permit any nuisance in the Premises or the Project. Tenant shall
comply at its expense with all present and future laws, ordinances and requirements of all governmental authorities that
pertain to Tenant or its use of the Premises, and with all energy usage reporting requirements of Landlord. Pursuant to
California Civil Code 1938, Landlord hereby states that the Premises have not undergone inspection by a Certified Access
Specialist (CASp) (defined in California Civil Code 55.52(a)(3)). Pursuant to Section 1938 of the California Civil Code,
Landlord hereby provides the following notification to Tenant: A Certified Access Specialist (CASp) can inspect the subject
premises and determine whether the subject premises comply with all of the applicable construction-related accessibility
standards under state law. Although state law does not require a CASp inspection of the subject premises, the commercial
property owner or lessor may not prohibit the lessee or tenant from obtaining a CASp inspection of the subject premises for
the occupancy or potential occupancy of the lessee or tenant, if requested by the lessee or tenant. The parties shall mutually
agree on the arrangements for the time and manner of the CASp inspection, the payment of the fee for the CASp inspection,
and the cost of making any repairs necessary to correct violations of construction related accessibility standards within the
premises. 
5.2. SIGNS. Provided Tenant continues to occupy the entire Premises, Tenant shall have the non-exclusive right to
one (1) eyebrow sign on the Building for Tenant s name and graphics in a location designated by Landlord, subject to
Landlord's right of prior approval that such exterior signage is in compliance with the Signage Criteria (defined below).
Except as provided in the foregoing and except for Landlord s standard suite signage identifying Tenant s name and/or logo,
Tenant shall have no right to maintain signs in any location in, on or about the Premises, the Building or the Project and
shall not place or erect any signs that are visible from the exterior of the Building. The size, design, graphics, material,
style, color and other physical aspects of any permitted sign shall be subject to Landlord's written determination, as
determined solely by Landlord, prior to installation, that signage is in compliance with any covenants, conditions or
restrictions encumbering the Premises and Landlord's signage program for the Project, as in effect from time to time and
approved by the City in which the Premises are located ("Signage Criteria"). Prior to placing or erecting any such signs,
Tenant shall obtain and deliver to Landlord a copy of any applicable municipal or other governmental permits and approvals,
except to Landlord s standard suite signage. Tenant shall be responsible for all costs of any permitted sign, including,
without limitation, the fabrication, installation, maintenance and removal thereof and the cost of any permits therefor, except
that Landlord shall pay for the initial installation costs only of the standard suite signage. If Tenant fails to maintain its sign
in good condition, or if Tenant fails to remove same upon termination of this Lease and repair and restore any damage
caused by the sign or its removal, Landlord may do so at Tenant's expense. Landlord shall have the right to temporarily
remove any signs in connection with any repairs or maintenance in or upon the Building, and notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, Landlord shall undertake to restore the signage to the condition that existed immediately prior
to any such removal. The term "sign" as used in this Section shall include all signs, designs, monuments, displays,
advertising materials, logos, banners, projected images, pennants, decals, pictures, notices, lettering, numerals or graphics.
Tenant s eyebrow signage rights under this Section 5.2 belong solely to Reshape Lifesciences Inc, a Delaware
corporation, and any attempted assignment or transfer of such rights shall be void and of no force and effect without
Landlord s prior written consent.
5.3. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS.
(a) For purposes of this Lease, the term Hazardous Materials means (i) any hazardous material as defined
in Section 25501(p) of the California Health and Safety Code, (ii) hydrocarbons, polychlorinated biphenyls or asbestos,
(iii) any toxic or hazardous materials, substances, wastes or materials as defined pursuant to any other applicable state,
federal or local law or regulation, and (iv) any other substance or matter which may result in liability to any person or entity
as a result of such person s possession, use, storage, release or distribution of such substance or matter under any statutory
or common law theory.
(b) Tenant shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Materials to be brought upon, stored, used, generated,
released or disposed of on, under, from or about the Premises (including without limitation the soil and groundwater
thereunder) without the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent may be given or withheld in Landlord s sole and
absolute discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall have the right, without obtaining prior written consent of
Landlord, to utilize within the Premises a reasonable quantity of standard office products that may contain Hazardous
Materials (such as photocopy toner, White Out , and the like), provided however, that (i) Tenant shall maintain such
products in their original retail packaging, shall follow all instructions on such packaging with respect to the storage, use
and disposal of such products, and shall otherwise comply with all applicable laws with respect to such products, and (ii) all
of the other terms and provisions of this Section 5.3 shall apply with respect to Tenant s storage, use and disposal of all
such products. Landlord may, in its sole and absolute discretion, place such conditions as Landlord deems appropriate with
respect to Tenant s use, storage and/or disposal of any Hazardous Materials requiring Landlord s consent. Tenant
understands that Landlord may utilize an environmental consultant to assist in determining conditions of approval in
connection with the storage, use, release, and/or disposal of Hazardous Materials by Tenant on or about the Premises,
and/or to conduct periodic inspections of the storage, generation, use, release and/or disposal of such Hazardous Materials
by Tenant on and from the Premises, and Tenant agrees that any costs incurred by Landlord in connection therewith shall
be reimbursed by Tenant to Landlord as additional rent hereunder upon demand.
(c) Prior to the execution of this Lease, Tenant shall complete, execute and deliver to Landlord a Hazardous
Material Survey Form (the Survey Form on a form provided by Landlord. The completed Survey Form shall be deemed
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
5
incorporated into this Lease for all purposes, and Landlord shall be entitled to rely fully on the information contained therein.
On each anniversary of the Commencement Date until the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease, Tenant shall
disclose to Landlord in writing the names and amounts of all Hazardous Materials which were stored, generated, used,
released and/or disposed of on, under or about the Premises for the twelve-month period prior thereto, and which Tenant
desires to store, generate, use, release and/or dispose of on, under or about the Premises for the succeeding twelve-month
period. In addition, to the extent Tenant is permitted to utilize Hazardous Materials upon the Premises, Tenant shall promptly
provide Landlord with complete and legible copies of all the following environmental documents relating thereto: reports
filed pursuant to any self-reporting requirements; permit applications, permits, monitoring reports, emergency response or
action plans, workplace exposure and community exposure warnings or notices and all other reports, disclosures, plans or
documents (even those which may be characterized as confidential) relating to water discharges, air pollution, waste
generation or disposal, and underground storage tanks for Hazardous Materials; orders, reports, notices, listings and
correspondence (even those which may be considered confidential) of or concerning the release, investigation, compliance,
cleanup, remedial and corrective actions, and abatement of Hazardous Materials; and all complaints, pleadings and other
legal documents filed by or against Tenant related to Tenant s storage, generation, use, release and/or disposal of
Hazardous Materials.
(d) Landlord and its agents shall have the right, but not the obligation, to inspect, sample and/or monitor the
Premises and/or the soil or groundwater thereunder at any time to determine whether Tenant is complying with the terms
of this Section 5.3, and in connection therewith Tenant shall provide Landlord with access to those facilities, records and
personnel related thereto reasonably necessary to confirm Tenant s compliance therewith. If Tenant is not in compliance
with any of the provisions of this Section 5.3, or in the event of a release of any Hazardous Material on, under, from or about
the Premises caused or permitted by Tenant, its agents, employees, contractors, licensees, subtenants or invitees, Landlord
and its agents shall have the right, but not the obligation, without limitation upon any of Landlord s other rights and remedies
under this Lease, to immediately enter upon the Premises without notice and to discharge Tenant s obligations under this
Section 5.3 at Tenant s expense, including without limitation the taking of emergency or long-term remedial action. Landlord
and its agents shall endeavor to minimize interference with Tenant s business in connection therewith, but shall not be liable
for any such interference. In addition, Landlord, at Tenant s expense, shall have the right, but not the obligation, to join and
participate in any legal proceedings or actions initiated in connection with any claims arising out of the storage, generation,
use, release and/or disposal by Tenant or its agents, employees, contractors, licensees, subtenants or invitees of Hazardous
Materials on, under, from or about the Premises.
(e) If the presence of any Hazardous Materials on, under, from or about the Premises or the Project caused or
permitted by Tenant or its agents, employees, contractors, licensees, subtenants or invitees results in (i) injury to any
person, (ii) injury to or any contamination of the Premises or the Project, or (iii) injury to or contamination of any real or
personal property wherever situated, Tenant, at its expense, shall promptly take all actions necessary to return the Premises
and the Project and any other affected real or personal property owned by Landlord to the condition existing prior to the
introduction of such Hazardous Materials and to remedy or repair any such injury or contamination, including without
limitation, any cleanup, remediation, removal, disposal, neutralization or other treatment of any such Hazardous Materials.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not, without Landlord s prior written consent, which consent may be given or
withheld in Landlord s sole and absolute discretion, take any remedial action in response to the presence of any Hazardous
Materials on, under, from or about the Premises or the Project or any other affected real or personal property owned by
Landlord or enter into any similar agreement, consent, decree or other compromise with any governmental agency with
respect to any Hazardous Materials claims; provided however, Landlord s prior written consent shall not be necessary in
the event that the presence of Hazardous Materials on, under, from or about the Premises or the Project or any other
affected real or personal property owned by Landlord (i) imposes an immediate threat to the health, safety or welfare of any
individual and (ii) is of such a nature that an immediate remedial response is necessary and it is not possible to obtain
Landlord s consent before taking such action. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Tenant shall indemnify, hold harmless,
protect and defend (with attorneys acceptable to Landlord) Landlord and any successors to all or any portion of Landlord s
interest in the Premises and the Project and any other real or personal property owned by Landlord from and against any
and all liabilities, losses, damages, diminution in value, judgments, fines, demands, claims, recoveries, deficiencies, costs
and expenses (including without limitation attorneys fees, court costs and other professional expenses), whether
foreseeable or unforeseeable, arising directly or indirectly out of the use, generation, storage, treatment, release, on- or off-site disposal or transportation of Hazardous Materials on, into, from, under or about the Premises, the Building or the Project
and any other real or personal property owned by Landlord caused or permitted by Tenant, its agents, employees,
contractors, licensees, subtenants or invitees. Such indemnity obligation shall specifically include, without limitation, the
cost of any required or necessary repair, restoration, cleanup or detoxification of the Premises, the Building and the Project
and any other real or personal property owned by Landlord, the preparation of any closure or other required plans, whether
such action is required or necessary during the Term or after the expiration of this Lease and any loss of rental due to the
inability to lease the Premises or any portion of the Building or Project as a result of such Hazardous Materials, the
remediation thereof or any repair, restoration or cleanup related thereto. If it is at any time discovered that Tenant or its
agents, employees, contractors, licensees, subtenants or invitees may have caused or permitted the release of any
Hazardous Materials on, under, from or about the Premises, the Building or the Project or any other real or personal property
owned by Landlord, Tenant shall, at Landlord s request, immediately prepare and submit to Landlord a comprehensive plan,
subject to Landlord s approval, specifying the actions to be taken by Tenant to return the Premises, the Building or the
Project or any other real or personal property owned by Landlord to the condition existing prior to the introduction of such
Hazardous Materials. Upon Landlord s approval of such plan, Tenant shall, at its expense, and without limitation of any
rights and remedies of Landlord under this Lease or at law or in equity, immediately implement such plan and proceed to
cleanup, remediate and/or remove all such Hazardous Materials in accordance with all applicable laws and as required by
such plan and this Lease. The provisions of this Section 5.3(e) shall expressly survive the expiration or sooner termination
of this Lease.
(f) Landlord hereby discloses to Tenant, and Tenant hereby acknowledges, certain facts relating to Hazardous
Materials at the Project known by Landlord to exist as of the date of this Lease, as more particularly described in Exhibit H
attached hereto. Tenant shall have no liability or responsibility with respect to the Hazardous Materials facts described in
Exhibit H, nor with respect to any Hazardous Materials which Tenant proves were not caused or permitted by Tenant, its
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
6
agents, employees, contractors, licensees, subtenants or invitees. Notwithstanding the preceding two sentences, Tenant
agrees to notify its agents, employees, contractors, licensees, subtenants, and invitees of any exposure or potential
exposure to Hazardous Materials at the Premises that Landlord brings to Tenant s attention. Tenant hereby acknowledges
that this disclosure satisfies any obligation of Landlord to Tenant pursuant to California Health Safety Code
Section 25359.7, or any amendment or substitute thereto or any other disclosure obligations of Landlord.
ARTICLE 6. LANDLORD SERVICES
6.1. UTILITIES AND SERVICES. Landlord and Tenant shall be responsible to furnish those utilities and services to
the Premises to the extent provided in Exhibit C, subject to the conditions and payment obligations and standards set forth
in this Lease. Landlord s failure to furnish, or any interruption, diminishment or termination of, services due to the application
of laws, the failure of any equipment, the performance of repairs, improvements or alterations, utility interruptions or the
occurrence of an event of force majeure (defined in Section 20.7) shall not render Landlord liable to Tenant, constitute a
constructive eviction of Tenant, give rise to an abatement of Rent, nor relieve Tenant from the obligation to fulfill any
covenant or agreement.
6.2. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OF COMMON AREAS. During the Term, Landlord shall operate all
Common Areas within the Building and the Project. The term Common Areas shall mean all areas within the Building,
Project and other buildings in the Project which are not held for exclusive use by persons entitled to occupy space.
6.3. COMMON AREAS. The occupancy by Tenant of the Premises shall include the use of the Common Areas in
common with Landlord and with all others for whose convenience and use the Common Areas may be provided by Landlord,
subject, however, to compliance with Rules and Regulations set forth in Exhibit E. Landlord shall at all times during the
Term have exclusive control of the Common Areas, and may restrain or permit any use or occupancy. Landlord may
temporarily close any portion of the Common Areas for repairs, remodeling and/or alterations, to prevent a public dedication
or the accrual of prescriptive rights, or for any other reasonable purpose.
ARTICLE 7. REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE
7.1. TENANT S MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR. Subject to Articles 11 and 12, Tenant at its sole expense shall make
all repairs necessary to keep the Premises and all improvements and fixtures therein in good condition and repair. Tenant s
maintenance obligation shall include without limitation all appliances, interior glass, doors, door closures, hardware, fixtures,
electrical, plumbing, fire extinguisher equipment and other equipment installed in the Premises, together with any
supplemental HVAC equipment servicing only the Premises. Should Landlord or its management agent agree to make a
repair on behalf of Tenant and at Tenant s request, Tenant shall promptly reimburse Landlord as additional rent for all
reasonable costs incurred (including the standard supervision fee) upon submission of an invoice.
7.2. LANDLORD S MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR. Subject to Articles 11 and 12, Landlord shall provide service,
maintenance and repair with respect to the heating, ventilating and air conditioning HVAC equipment of the Building
(exclusive of any supplemental HVAC equipment servicing only the Premises) and shall maintain in good repair the
Common Areas, roof, foundations, footings, the exterior surfaces of the exterior walls of the Building (including exterior
glass), and the structural, electrical, mechanical and plumbing systems of the Building (including elevators, if any, serving
the Building), except to the extent provided in Section 7.1 above. Notwithstanding any provision of the California Civil Code
or any similar or successor laws to the contrary, Tenant understands that it shall not make repairs at Landlord s expense or
by rental offset. Except as provided in Section 11.1 and Article 12 below, there shall be no abatement of rent and no liability
of Landlord by reason of any injury to or interference with Tenant s business arising from the making of any repairs,
alterations or improvements to any portion of the Building, including repairs to the Premises, nor shall any related activity
by Landlord constitute an actual or constructive eviction. Tenant hereby waives any and all rights under and benefits of
subsection 1 of Section 1932, and Sections 1941 and 1942 of the California Civil Code, or any similar or successor laws
now or hereafter in effect.
7.3. ALTERATIONS. Tenant shall make no alterations, additions, decorations, or improvements (collectively referred
to as Alterations to the Premises without the prior written consent of Landlord. Landlord may impose, as a condition to
its consent, any requirements that Landlord in its discretion may deem reasonable or desirable. Tenant may use Landlord s
designated mechanical and electrical contractors (the Designated Entities ); provided, however, that if Tenant elects to
not use the Designated Entities, Landlord may have such Designated Entities review Tenant s plans, and the actual cost
therefor shall be reimbursed by Tenant. Tenant shall obtain all required permits for the Alterations and shall perform the
work in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances with contractors reasonably acceptable to Landlord.
Landlord shall be entitled to a supervision fee in the amount of 5 of the cost of the Alterations. Landlord may elect to
cause its architect to review Tenant s architectural plans, and the reasonable cost of that review shall be reimbursed by
Tenant. Should the Alterations proposed by Tenant and consented to by Landlord change the floor plan of the Premises,
then Tenant shall, at its expense, furnish Landlord with as-built drawings and CAD disks compatible with Landlord s systems.
Unless Landlord otherwise agrees in writing, all Alterations affixed to the Premises (excluding moveable trade fixtures and
furniture) shall become the property of Landlord and shall be surrendered with the Premises at the end of the Term, except
that Landlord may, by notice to Tenant given at the time of Landlord s approval, require Tenant to remove by the Expiration
Date or sooner termination date of this Lease, all or any Alterations installed either by Tenant or by Landlord at Tenant s
request (collectively, the Required Removables ). In connection with its removal of Required Removables, Tenant shall
repair any damage to the Premises arising from that removal and shall restore the affected area to its pre-existing condition,
reasonable wear and tear excepted.
7.4. MECHANIC S LIENS. Tenant shall keep the Premises free from any liens arising out of any work performed,
materials furnished, or obligations incurred by or for Tenant. In the event that Tenant shall not, within 15 days following the
imposition of any lien, cause the lien to be released of record by payment or posting of a proper bond in accordance with
California Civil Code Section 8424 or any successor statute, Landlord shall have, in addition to all other available remedies,
the right to cause the lien to be released by any means it deems proper, including payment of or defense against the claim
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
7
giving rise to the lien. All expenses so incurred by Landlord shall be reimbursed by Tenant promptly following Landlord s
demand. Tenant shall give Landlord no less than 20 days prior notice in writing before commencing construction of any
kind on the Premises.
7.5. ENTRY AND INSPECTION. Landlord shall at all reasonable times, upon at least 24 hours advance, written or
verbal notice given by Landlord (except in emergencies, when no notice shall be required), have the right to enter the
Premises to inspect them, to supply services in accordance with this Lease, to make repairs and renovations as reasonably
deemed necessary by Landlord, and to submit the Premises to prospective or actual purchasers or encumbrance holders
(or, during the final twelve months of the Term or when an uncured Default exists, to prospective tenants), all without being
deemed to have caused an eviction of Tenant and without abatement of Rent except as provided elsewhere in this Lease.
If Tenant allows Landlord to enter the Premises prior to the expiration of any requisite 24-hour period pursuant to this Section
7.5, proper notice will be deemed to have been provided by Landlord.
ARTICLE 8. INTENTIONALLY OMITTED
ARTICLE 9. ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING
9.1. RIGHTS OF PARTIES. Tenant shall not, directly or indirectly, assign, sublease, transfer or encumber any interest
in this Lease or allow any third party to use any portion of the Premises (collectively or individually, a Transfer without
the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld if Landlord does not exercise its
recapture rights. Tenant agrees that it is not unreasonable for Landlord to withhold consent to a Transfer to a proposed
assignee or subtenant who is an existing tenant or occupant of the Building or Project or to a prospective tenant with whom
Landlord or Landlord s affiliate has been actively negotiating. Any attempted Transfer in violation of this Article shall be a
Default by Tenant and shall, at Landlord s option, be void. Within 30 days after receipt of executed copies of the transfer
documentation and such other information as Landlord may reasonably request, Landlord shall either: (a) consent to the
Transfer by execution of a consent agreement in a form reasonably designated by Landlord; (b) refuse to consent to the
Transfer; or (c) recapture the portion of the Premises that Tenant is proposing to Transfer. Tenant hereby waives the
provisions of Section 1995.310 of the California Civil Code, or any similar or successor Laws, now or hereinafter in effect,
and all other remedies, including, without limitation, any right at law or equity to terminate this Lease, on its own behalf and,
to the extent permitted under all applicable laws, on behalf of the proposed transferee. In no event shall any Transfer
release or relieve Tenant from any obligation under this Lease, as same may be amended. Tenant shall pay Landlord a
review fee of 1,000.00 for Landlord s review of any requested Transfer. Tenant shall pay Landlord, as additional Rent,
50 of all rent and other consideration which Tenant receives as a result of a Transfer that is in excess of the Rent payable
to Landlord for the portion of the Premises and Term covered by the Transfer. If Tenant is in Default, Landlord may require
that all sublease payments be made directly to Landlord, in which case Tenant shall receive a credit against Rent in the
amount of Tenant s share of payments received by Landlord.
9.2. PERMITTED TRANSFER. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant may assign this Lease to a successor to
Tenant by merger, consolidation or the purchase of substantially all of Tenant s assets, or assign this Lease or sublet all or
a portion of the Premises to an Affiliate (defined below), without the consent of Landlord, provided that all of the following
conditions are satisfied (a Permitted Transfer ): (i) Tenant is not then in Default hereunder; (ii) Tenant gives Landlord
written notice prior to such Permitted Transfer; and (iii) if Tenant ceases to exist as a going concern as a result of any
merger or consolidation of Tenant or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Tenant, the resulting successor entity
has a tangible net worth not less than the tangible net worth of Tenant immediately before the Permitted Transfer. Affiliate 
shall mean an entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with Tenant.
ARTICLE 10. INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY
10.1. TENANT S INSURANCE. Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall provide and maintain in effect the
insurance described in Exhibit D. Evidence of that insurance must be delivered to Landlord prior to the Commencement
Date.
10.2. TENANT S INDEMNITY. To the fullest extent permitted by law, but subject to Section 10.4 below, Tenant shall
defend, indemnify and hold harmless Landlord and Landlord s agents, employees, lenders, and affiliates, from and against
any and all negligence, claims, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses including attorney s fees and costs (collectively,
 Costs arising either before or after the Commencement Date which arise from or related to or are caused by Tenant s
use or occupancy of the Premises, the Building or the Common Areas of the Project, or from the conduct of Tenant s
business, or from any activity, work, or thing done, permitted or suffered by Tenant or Tenant s agents, employees,
subtenants, vendors, contractors, invitees or licensees in or about the Premises, the Building or the Common Areas of the
Project, or from any Default in the performance of any obligation on Tenant s part to be performed under this Lease, or from
any act, omission or negligence on the part of Tenant or Tenant s agents, employees, subtenants, vendors, contractors,
invitees or licensees. Landlord may, at its option, require Tenant to assume Landlord s defense in any action covered by
this Section 10.2 through counsel reasonably satisfactory to Landlord. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant shall not be
obligated to indemnify Landlord against any liability or expense to the extent it is ultimately determined that the same was
caused by the sole negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord, its agents, contractors or employees. Tenant shall in all
cases accept any tender of defense of any action or proceeding in which Landlord is named or made a party, within 14 days
of the tender and shall, notwithstanding any allegations of sole negligence or willful misconduct on the part of Landlord,
defend Landlord as provided herein until a final determination of sole negligence or willful misconduct is made. Costs shall
also include all of Landlord's attorneys' fees, litigation costs, investigation costs and court costs and all other costs, expenses
and liabilities incurred by Landlord or its counsel from the date Landlord first receives Notice that any claim or demand is to
be made or may be made. Tenant shall also tender the action or proceeding to its insurer, and request coverage for its
indemnity obligations to Landlord. For purposes of this Section 10.2, (a) "Landlord" includes Landlord and Landlord's
directors, officers, shareholders, members, agents and employees, and (b) "Tenant" includes Tenant and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, agents, contractors and employees. Tenant's obligations under this Section 10.2 shall
survive the termination of this Lease.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
8
10.3. WAIVER OF CLAIMS. Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant, its employees, agents and invitees, and Tenant
hereby waives all claims against Landlord, its employees and agents for loss of or damage to any property, or any injury to
any person, resulting from any condition including, but not limited to, acts or omissions (criminal or otherwise) of third parties
and/or other tenants of the Project, or their agents, employees or invitees, fire, explosion, falling plaster, steam, gas,
electricity, water or rain which may leak or flow from or into any part of the Premises or from the breakage, leakage,
obstruction or other defects of the pipes, sprinklers, wires, appliances, plumbing, air conditioning, electrical works or other
fixtures in the Building, whether the damage or injury results from conditions arising in the Premises or in other portions of
the Building, regardless of the negligence of Landlord, its agents or any and all affiliates of Landlord in connection with the
foregoing. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, in no event shall Landlord be liable for Tenant s
loss or interruption of business or income (including without limitation, Tenant s consequential damages, lost profits or
opportunity costs), or for interference with light or other similar intangible interests.
10.4. WAIVER OF SUBROGATION. Landlord and Tenant waive all rights of recovery against the other on account
of loss and damage to the property of such waiving party to the extent that the waiving party is entitled to proceeds for such
loss and damage under any property insurance policies carried or otherwise required to be carried by this Lease.
ARTICLE 11. DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION
11.1. RESTORATION.
(a) If the Building of which the Premises are a part is damaged as the result of an event of casualty, then subject
to the provisions below, Landlord shall repair that damage as soon as reasonably possible unless Landlord reasonably
determines that: (i) the Premises have been materially damaged and there is less than 1 year of the Term remaining on
the date of the casualty; (ii) any Mortgagee (defined in Section 13.1) requires that the insurance proceeds be applied to the
payment of the mortgage debt; or (iii) proceeds necessary to pay the full cost of the repair are not available from Landlord s
insurance, including without limitation earthquake insurance. Should Landlord elect not to repair the damage for one of the
preceding reasons, Landlord shall so notify Tenant in the Casualty Notice (as defined below), and this Lease shall
terminate as of the date of delivery of that notice.
(b) As soon as reasonably practicable following the casualty event but not later than 60 days thereafter, Landlord
shall notify Tenant in writing Casualty Notice of Landlord s election, if applicable, to terminate this Lease. If this Lease
is not so terminated, the Casualty Notice shall set forth the anticipated period for repairing the casualty damage. If the
anticipated repair period exceeds 270 days and if the damage is so extensive as to reasonably prevent Tenant s substantial
use and enjoyment of the Premises, then either party may elect to terminate this Lease by written notice to the other within
10 days following delivery of the Casualty Notice.
(c) In the event that neither Landlord nor Tenant terminates this Lease pursuant to Section 11.1(b), Landlord
shall repair all material damage to the Premises or the Building as soon as reasonably possible and this Lease shall continue
in effect for the remainder of the Term. Upon notice from Landlord, Tenant shall assign or endorse over to Landlord (or to
any party designated by Landlord) all property insurance proceeds payable to Tenant under Tenant s insurance with respect
to any Alterations. Within 15 days of demand, Tenant shall also pay Landlord for any additional excess costs that are
determined during the performance of the repairs to such Alterations.
(d) From and after the 6th business day following the casualty event, the rent to be paid under this Lease shall
be abated in the same proportion that the Floor Area of the Premises that is rendered unusable by the damage from time
to time bears to the total Floor Area of the Premises.
(e) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 11.1, but subject to Section 10.4,
the cost of any repairs shall be borne by Tenant, and Tenant shall not be entitled to rent abatement or termination rights, if
the damage is due to the fault or neglect of Tenant or its employees, subtenants, contractors, invitees or representatives.
11.2. LEASE GOVERNS. Tenant agrees that the provisions of this Lease, including without limitation Section 11.1,
shall govern any damage or destruction and shall accordingly supersede any contrary statute or rule of law.
ARTICLE 12. EMINENT DOMAIN
Either party may terminate this Lease if any material part of the Premises is taken or condemned for any public or quasi-public use under Law, by eminent domain or private purchase in lieu thereof (a Taking ). Landlord shall also have the right
to terminate this Lease if there is a Taking of any portion of the Building or Project which would have a material adverse
effect on Landlord s ability to profitably operate the remainder of the Building or Project. The termination shall be effective
as of the effective date of any order granting possession to, or vesting legal title in, the condemning authority. All
compensation awarded for a Taking shall be the property of Landlord. Tenant agrees that the provisions of this Lease shall
govern any Taking and shall accordingly supersede any contrary statute or rule of law.
ARTICLE 13. SUBORDINATION; ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE
13.1. SUBORDINATION. Tenant accepts this Lease subject and subordinate to any mortgage(s), deed(s) of trust,
ground lease(s) or other lien(s) now or subsequently arising upon the Building or the Project, and to renewals, modifications,
refinancings and extensions thereof (collectively referred to as a Mortgage ). The party having the benefit of a Mortgage
shall be referred to as a Mortgagee. This clause shall be self-operative, but upon request from a Mortgagee, Tenant shall
execute a commercially reasonable subordination and attornment agreement in favor of the Mortgagee, provided such
agreement provides a non-disturbance covenant benefitting Tenant. Alternatively, a Mortgagee shall have the right at any
time to subordinate its Mortgage to this Lease. Upon request, Tenant, without charge, shall attorn to any successor to
Landlord s interest in this Lease in the event of a foreclosure of any Mortgage. Tenant agrees that any purchaser at a
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
9
foreclosure sale or lender taking title under a deed in lieu of foreclosure shall not be responsible for any act or omission of
a prior landlord, shall not be subject to any offsets or defenses Tenant may have against a prior landlord, and shall not be
liable for the return of the Security Deposit not actually recovered by such purchaser nor bound by any rent paid in advance
of the calendar month in which the transfer of title occurred; provided that the foregoing shall not release the applicable prior
landlord from any liability for those obligations. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord s Mortgagees and their successors-in-interest are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 13.1.
13.2. ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE. Tenant shall, within 10 days after receipt of a written request from Landlord,
execute and deliver a commercially reasonable estoppel certificate in favor of those parties as are reasonably requested by
Landlord (including a Mortgagee or a prospective purchaser of the Building or the Project).
ARTICLE 14. DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES
14.1. TENANT S DEFAULTS. In addition to any other event of default set forth in this Lease, the occurrence of any
one or more of the following events shall constitute a Default by Tenant:
(a) The failure by Tenant to make any payment of Rent required to be made by Tenant, as and when due, where
the failure continues for a period of 3 days after written notice from Landlord to Tenant. The term Rent as used in this
Lease shall be deemed to mean the Basic Rent and all other sums required to be paid by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to
the terms of this Lease.
(b) Except where a specific time period is otherwise set forth for Tenant s performance in this Lease (in which
event the failure to perform by Tenant within such time period shall be a Default), the failure or inability by Tenant to observe
or perform any of the covenants or provisions of this Lease to be observed or performed by Tenant, other than as specified
in any other subsection of this Section 14.1, where the failure continues for a period of 30 days after written notice from
Landlord to Tenant; provided, however, that if the nature of Tenant s obligation is such that more than 30 days are required
for its performance, then Tenant shall not be deemed to be in default if it commences performance within the 30-day period
and thereafter diligently pursues the cure to completion.
The notice periods provided herein are in lieu of, and not in addition to, any notice periods provided by law, and Landlord
shall not be required to give any additional notice under California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1161, or any successor
statute, in order to be entitled to commence an unlawful detainer proceeding.
14.2. LANDLORD S REMEDIES. In addition to all other rights or remedies of Landlord set forth in this Lease, if a
Default occurs, Landlord shall have all rights available to Landlord under California law, without further notice or demand to
Tenant, including, without limitation, the right to terminate this Lease. In addition, Landlord has the remedy described in
California Civil Code Section 1951.4 (Landlord may continue this Lease in effect after Tenant's breach and abandonment
and recover Rent as it becomes due, if Tenant has the right to sublet or assign, subject only to reasonable limitations). In
any case in which Landlord re-enters and occupies the Premises, by unlawful detainer proceedings or otherwise, Landlord,
at its option, may repair, alter, subdivide or change the character of the Premises as Landlord deems best, relet all or any
part of the Premises and receive the rents therefor, and none of these actions shall constitute a termination of this Lease,
a release of Tenant from any liability, or result in the release of any Guarantor. Landlord shall not be deemed to have
terminated this Lease or the liability of Tenant to pay any Rent or other charges later becoming due by any re-entry of the
Premises pursuant to this Section 14.2, or by any action in unlawful detainer or otherwise to obtain possession of the
Premises, unless Landlord has first given Tenant notice that it is terminating this Lease. Any notice given by Landlord
pursuant to Section 14.1 shall be in lieu of, and not in addition to, any notice required by Section 1161 of the California Code
of Civil Procedure or superseding statute. Any payment of Rent following Landlord s delivery of notice to Tenant pursuant
to Section 14.1 shall not constitute acceptance of Rent. If Landlord elects to terminate this Lease pursuant to the provisions
of this Section 14.2, damages shall include, without limitation, the remedy and measure of damages specified pursuant to
California Civil Code Section 1951.2, which shall include the worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid
Rent for the balance of the Term after the time of award exceeds the amount of Rent loss Tenant proves could have been
reasonably avoided. Nothing contained herein shall serve to waive any statutory duty by Landlord to mitigate damages.
14.3. LATE PAYMENTS. Any Rent due under this Lease that is not paid to Landlord within 5 days of the date when
due shall bear interest at the maximum rate permitted by law from the date due until fully paid and if any Rent due from
Tenant shall not be received by Landlord or Landlord s designee within 5 days after the date due, then Tenant shall pay to
Landlord, in addition to the interest, a late charge for each delinquent payment equal to the greater of (i) 5 of that
delinquent payment, and (ii) 100.00. Notwithstanding the foregoing, interest and late charge shall not apply to one late
payment per year during the Term.
14.4. DEFAULT BY LANDLORD. Landlord shall not be deemed to be in default in the performance of any obligation
under this Lease unless and until it has failed to perform the obligation within 30 days after written notice by Tenant to
Landlord specifying in reasonable detail the nature and extent of the failure; provided, however, that if the nature of
Landlord s obligation is such that more than 30 days are required for its performance, then Landlord shall not be deemed
to be in default if it commences performance within the 30 day period and thereafter diligently pursues the cure to
completion.
14.5. EXPENSES AND LEGAL FEES. Should either Landlord or Tenant bring any action in connection with this
Lease, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover as a part of the action its reasonable attorneys fees, and all other
reasonable costs. The prevailing party for the purpose of this paragraph shall be determined by the trier of the facts.
14.6. JUDICIAL REFERENCE/ WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. Landlord and Tenant agree that any disputes arising in
connection with this Lease (including but not limited to a determination of any and all of the issues in such dispute, whether
of fact or of law) shall be resolved (and a decision shall be rendered) by way of a general reference as provided for in Part 2,
Title 8, Chapter 6 638 et. seq.) of the California Code of Civil Procedure, or any successor California statute governing
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
10
resolution of disputes by a court appointed referee. Nothing within this Section 14.6 shall apply to an unlawful detainer
action. LANDLORD AND TENANT EACH ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS AWARE OF AND HAS HAD THE ADVICE OF
COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE WITH RESPECT TO ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY, AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW, EACH PARTY DOES HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND KNOWINGLY WAIVE AND RELEASE ALL SUCH RIGHTS
TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH THIS LEASE.
14.7. SATISFACTION OF JUDGMENT. The obligations of Landlord do not constitute the personal obligations of the
individual partners, trustees, directors, officers, members or shareholders of Landlord or its constituent partners or members.
Should Tenant recover a money judgment against Landlord, such judgment shall be satisfied only from the interest of
Landlord in the Project and out of the rent or other income from such property receivable by Landlord, and no action for any
deficiency may be sought or obtained by Tenant.
ARTICLE 15. END OF TERM
15.1. HOLDING OVER. If Tenant holds over for any period after the Expiration Date (or earlier termination of the
Term), such tenancy shall constitute a tenancy at sufferance only and possession shall be subject to all of the terms of this
Lease, except that the monthly rental shall be 150 of the total monthly rental for the month immediately preceding the
date of termination. The acceptance by Landlord of monthly hold-over rental in a lesser amount shall not constitute a waiver
of Landlord s right to recover the full amount due unless otherwise agreed in writing by Landlord. If Tenant fails to surrender
the Premises upon the expiration of this Lease despite demand to do so by Landlord, Tenant shall indemnify and hold
Landlord harmless from all loss or liability, including without limitation, any claims made by any succeeding tenant relating
to such failure to surrender. The foregoing provisions of this Section 15.1 are in addition to and do not affect Landlord s right
of re-entry or any other rights of Landlord under this Lease or at law.
15.2. SURRENDER OF PREMISES; REMOVAL OF PROPERTY. Upon the Expiration Date or upon any earlier
termination of this Lease, Tenant shall quit and surrender possession of the Premises to Landlord in as good order, condition
and repair as when received or as hereafter may be improved by Landlord or Tenant, reasonable wear and tear and repairs
which are Landlord s obligation excepted, and shall remove or fund to Landlord the cost of removing all wallpapering, voice
and/or data transmission cabling installed by or for Tenant and Required Removables, together with all personal property
and debris, and shall perform all work required under Section 7.3 of this Lease. If Tenant shall fail to comply with the
provisions of this Section 15.2, and remove any personal property within 10 days following the expiration or earlier
termination of this Lease, such personal property shall be conclusively deemed to have been abandoned, then Landlord
may effect the removal and/or make any repairs, without notice and without incurring any liability to Tenant, and the cost to
Landlord shall be additional rent payable by Tenant upon demand. Tenant hereby waives all rights under and benefits of
Section 1993.03 of the California Civil Code, or any similar or successor laws now or hereafter in effect and authorizes
Landlord to dispose of any personal property remaining at the Premises following the expiration or earlier termination of this
Lease without further notice to Tenant.
ARTICLE 16. PAYMENTS AND NOTICES
All sums payable by Tenant to Landlord shall be paid, without deduction or offset, in lawful money of the United States
to Landlord at its address set forth in Item 12 of the Basic Lease Provisions, or at any other place as Landlord may designate
in writing. Unless this Lease expressly provides otherwise, all payments shall be due and payable within 5 days after
demand. All payments requiring proration shall be prorated on the basis of the number of days in the pertinent calendar
month or year, as applicable. Any notice, election, demand, consent, approval or other communication to be given or other
document to be delivered by either party to the other may be delivered to the other party, at the address set forth in Item 12
of the Basic Lease Provisions, by personal service or by any courier or overnight express mailing service. Either party
may, by written notice to the other, served in the manner provided in this Article, designate a different address. The refusal
to accept delivery of a notice, or the inability to deliver the notice (whether due to a change of address for which notice was
not duly given or other good reason), shall be deemed delivery and receipt of the notice as of the date of attempted delivery.
If more than one person or entity is named as Tenant under this Lease, service of any notice upon any one of them shall
be deemed as service upon all of them.
ARTICLE 17. RULES AND REGULATIONS
Tenant agrees to comply with the Rules and Regulations attached as Exhibit E, and any reasonable and
nondiscriminatory amendments, modifications and/or additions as may be adopted by Landlord from time to time.
ARTICLE 18. BROKER S COMMISSION
The parties recognize as the broker(s) who negotiated this Lease the firm(s) whose name(s) is (are) stated in Item 10
of the Basic Lease Provisions, and agree that Landlord shall be responsible for the payment of brokerage commissions to
those broker(s) unless otherwise provided in this Lease. Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from any
cost, expense or liability (including reasonable attorneys fees) for any compensation, commissions or charges claimed by
any other real estate broker or agent employed or claiming to represent or to have been employed by Tenant in connection
with the negotiation of this Lease.
ARTICLE 19. TRANSFER OF LANDLORD S INTEREST
Landlord shall have the right to transfer and assign, in whole or in part, all of its ownership interest, rights and obligations
in the Building, Project or Lease, including the Security Deposit, and upon transfer Landlord shall be released from any
further obligations hereunder, and Tenant agrees to look solely to the successor in interest of Landlord for the performance
of such obligations and the return of any Security Deposit.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
11
ARTICLE 20. INTERPRETATION
20.1. JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY. If more than one person or entity is named as Tenant, the obligations
imposed upon each shall be joint and several and the act of or notice from, or notice or refund to, or the signature of, any
one or more of them shall be binding on all of them with respect to the tenancy of this Lease, including, but not limited to,
any renewal, extension, termination or modification of this Lease.
20.2. SUCCESSORS. Subject to Sections 13.1 and 22.3 and to Articles 9 and 19 of this Lease, all rights and liabilities
given to or imposed upon Landlord and Tenant shall extend to and bind their respective heirs, executors, administrators,
successors and assigns.
20.3. TIME OF ESSENCE. Time is of the essence with respect to the performance of every provision of this Lease
in which time of performance is a factor.
20.4. CONTROLLING LAW. This Lease shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
State of California.
20.5. SEVERABILITY. If any term or provision of this Lease, the deletion of which would not adversely affect the
receipt of any material benefit by either party or the deletion of which is consented to by the party adversely affected, shall
be held invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Lease shall not be affected and each term and provision
of this Lease shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
20.6. WAIVER. One or more waivers by Landlord or Tenant of any breach of any term, covenant or condition
contained in this Lease shall not be a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other term, covenant or condition.
Consent to any act by one of the parties shall not be deemed to render unnecessary the obtaining of that party s consent to
any subsequent act. No breach of this Lease shall be deemed to have been waived unless the waiver is in a writing signed
by the waiving party.
20.7. INABILITY TO PERFORM. In the event that either party shall be delayed or hindered in or prevented from the
performance of any work or in performing any act required under this Lease by reason of any cause beyond the reasonable
control of that party, then the performance of the work or the doing of the act shall be excused for the period of the delay
and the time for performance shall be extended for a period equivalent to the period of the delay. The provisions of this
Section 20.7 shall not operate to excuse Tenant from the prompt payment of Rent.
20.8. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Lease constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings related to the Premises. This Lease may be modified only by a written agreement
signed by Landlord and Tenant.
20.9. QUIET ENJOYMENT. Upon the observance and performance of all the covenants, terms and conditions on
Tenant s part to be observed and performed, and subject to the other provisions of this Lease, Tenant shall have the right
of quiet enjoyment and use of the Premises for the Term without hindrance or interruption by Landlord or any other person
claiming by or through Landlord.
20.10. SURVIVAL. All covenants of Landlord or Tenant which reasonably would be intended to survive the expiration
or sooner termination of this Lease, including without limitation any warranty or indemnity hereunder, shall so survive and
continue to be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective parties and their successors and assigns.
ARTICLE 21. EXECUTION
21.1. COUNTERPARTS; DIGITAL SIGNATURES. This Lease may be executed in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall constitute an original and all of which shall be one and the same agreement. The parties agree to accept a
digital image (including but not limited to an image in the form of a PDF, JPEG, GIF file, or other e-signature) of this Lease,
if applicable, reflecting the execution of one or both of the parties, as a true and correct original.
21.2. CORPORATE AND PARTNERSHIP AUTHORITY. Tenant and each individual executing this Lease represents
and warrants to Landlord, and agrees, that such individual executing this Lease on behalf of Tenant is authorized to do so
on behalf of Tenant.
21.3. EXECUTION OF LEASE; NO OPTION OR OFFER. The submission of this Lease to Tenant shall be for
examination purposes only, and shall not constitute an offer to or option for Tenant to lease the Premises. Execution of this
Lease by Tenant and its return to Landlord shall not be binding upon Landlord, notwithstanding any time interval, until
Landlord has in fact executed and delivered this Lease to Tenant, it being intended that this Lease shall only become
effective upon execution by Landlord and delivery of a fully executed counterpart to Tenant.
21.4. BROKER DISCLOSURE. By the execution of this Lease, each of Landlord and Tenant hereby acknowledge
and confirm (a) receipt of a copy of a Disclosure Regarding Real Estate Agency Relationship conforming to the requirements
of California Civil Code 2079.16, and (b) the agency relationships specified in Item 10 of the Basic Lease Provisions, which
acknowledgement and confirmation is expressly made for the benefit of Tenant s Broker identified in Item 10 of the Basic
Lease Provisions. If there is no Tenant s Broker so identified in Item 10 of the Basic Lease Provisions, then such
acknowledgement and confirmation is expressly made for the benefit of Landlord s Broker. By the execution of this Lease,
Landlord and Tenant are executing the confirmation of the agency relationships set forth in Item 10 of the Basic Lease
Provisions.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
12
ARTICLE 22. MISCELLANEOUS
22.1. NONDISCLOSURE OF LEASE TERMS. Except to the extent disclosure is required by law, Tenant shall keep
the content of this Lease and any related documents confidential and shall not disclose such confidential information to any
person or entity other than Tenant s financial, legal and space-planning consultants, provided, however, that Tenant may
disclose the terms to prospective subtenants or assignees under this Lease or pursuant to legal requirement.
22.2. TENANT S FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The application, financial statements and tax returns, if any, submitted
and certified to by Tenant as an accurate representation of its financial condition have been prepared, certified and
submitted to Landlord as an inducement and consideration to Landlord to enter into this Lease. Tenant shall during the
Term furnish Landlord with current annual financial statements accurately reflecting Tenant s financial condition upon written
request from Landlord within 20 days following Landlord s request; provided, however, that so long as Tenant is a publicly
traded corporation on a nationally recognized stock exchange, the foregoing obligation to deliver the statements shall be
waived.
22.3. MORTGAGEE PROTECTION. No act or failure to act on the part of Landlord which would otherwise entitle
Tenant to be relieved of its obligations hereunder or to terminate this Lease shall result in such a release or termination
unless (a) Tenant has given notice by registered or certified mail to any Mortgagee of a Mortgage covering the Building
whose address has been furnished to Tenant and (b) such Mortgagee is afforded a reasonable opportunity to cure the
default by Landlord. Tenant shall comply with any written directions by any Mortgagee to pay Rent due hereunder directly
to such Mortgagee without determining whether a default exists under such Mortgagee s Mortgage.
22.4. SDN LIST. Tenant hereby represents and warrants that neither Tenant nor any officer, director, employee,
partner, member or other principal of Tenant (collectively, Tenant Parties is listed as a Specially Designated National
and Blocked Person SDN on the list of such persons and entities issued by the U.S. Treasury Office of Foreign Assets
Control (OFAC). In the event Tenant or any Tenant Party is or becomes listed as an SDN, Tenant shall be deemed in
breach of this Lease and Landlord shall have the right to terminate this Lease immediately upon written notice to Tenant.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Lease as of the day and year first above written.
LANDLORD:
THE IRVINE COMPANY LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company
By: \si6\
Steven M. Case
Executive Vice President
Office Properties
By: \si5\
Holly McManus
Regional Vice President, Operations
Office Properties
\in9\
TENANT:
RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC,
a Delaware corporation
By: \si1\
Paul F. Hickey\
President CEO
\ti2\
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
1
18 Technology, Suite 110
Exhibit A
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
1
EXHIBIT B
OPERATING EXPENSES
(Net)
(a) From and after the Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, as additional rent, Tenant s Share of
all Operating Expenses, as defined in Section (f) below, incurred by Landlord in the operation of the Building and the Project.
The term Tenant s Share means that portion of any Operating Expenses determined by multiplying the cost of such item
by a fraction, the numerator of which is the Floor Area of Premises and the denominator of which is the total rentable square
footage, as determined from time to time by Landlord, of (i) the Building, for expenses determined by Landlord to benefit or
relate substantially to the Building rather than the entire Project, and (ii) all or some of the buildings in the Project, for
expenses determined by Landlord to benefit or relate substantially to all or some of the buildings in the Project rather than
any specific building. Landlord reserves the right to allocate to the entire Project any Operating Expenses which may benefit
or substantially relate to a particular building within the Project in order to maintain greater consistency of Operating
Expenses among buildings within the Project. In the event that Landlord determines that the Premises or the Building incur
a non-proportional benefit from any expense, or is the non-proportional cause of any such expense, Landlord may allocate
a greater percentage of such Operating Expense to the Premises or the Building. In the event that any management and/or
overhead fee payable or imposed by Landlord for the management of Tenant s Premises is calculated as a percentage of
the rent payable by Tenant and other tenants of Landlord, then the full amount of such management and/or overhead fee
which is attributable to the rent paid by Tenant shall be additional rent payable by Tenant, in full, provided, however, that
Landlord may elect to include such full amount as part of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses.
(b) Commencing prior to the start of the first full Expense Recovery Period of the Lease (as defined in Item 7
of the Basic Lease Provisions), and prior to the start of each full or partial Expense Recovery Period thereafter, Landlord
shall give Tenant a written estimate of the amount of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses for the applicable Expense
Recovery Period. Tenant shall pay the estimated amounts to Landlord in equal monthly installments, in advance,
concurrently with payments of Basic Rent. If Landlord has not furnished its written estimate for any Expense Recovery
Period by the time set forth above, Tenant shall continue to pay monthly the estimated Tenant s Share of Operating
Expenses in effect during the prior Expense Recovery Period; provided that when the new estimate is delivered to Tenant,
Tenant shall, at the next monthly payment date, pay any accrued estimated Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses based
upon the new estimate. Landlord may from time to time change the Expense Recovery Period to reflect a calendar year or
a new fiscal year of Landlord, as applicable, in which event Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses shall be equitably
prorated for any partial year.
(c) Within 180 days after the end of each Expense Recovery Period, Landlord shall furnish to Tenant a statement
(a Reconciliation Statement showing in reasonable detail the actual or prorated Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses
incurred by Landlord during such Expense Recovery Period, and the parties shall within 30 days thereafter make any
payment or allowance necessary to adjust Tenant s estimated payments of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses, if any,
to the actual Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses as shown by the Reconciliation Statement. Any delay or failure by
Landlord in delivering any Reconciliation Statement shall not constitute a waiver of Landlord s right to require Tenant to pay
Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses pursuant hereto. Any amount due Tenant shall be credited against installments
next coming due under this Exhibit B, and any deficiency shall be paid by Tenant together with the next installment. Should
Tenant fail to object in writing to Landlord s determination of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses within 60 days following
delivery of Landlord s Reconciliation Statement, Landlord s determination of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses for the
applicable Expense Recovery Period shall be conclusive and binding on Tenant for all purposes and any future claims by
Tenant to the contrary shall be barred.
(d) Even though this Lease has terminated and the Tenant has vacated the Premises, when the final
determination is made of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses for the Expense Recovery Period in which this Lease
terminates, Tenant shall within 30 days of written notice pay the entire increase over the estimated Tenant s Share of
Operating Expenses already paid. Conversely, any overpayment by Tenant shall be rebated by Landlord to Tenant not
later than 30 days after such final determination. However, in lieu thereof, Landlord may deliver a reasonable estimate of
the anticipated reconciliation amount to Tenant prior to the Expiration Date of the Term, in which event the appropriate party
shall fund the amount by the Expiration Date.
(e) If, at any time during any Expense Recovery Period, any one or more of the Operating Expenses are
increased to a rate(s) or amount(s) in excess of the rate(s) or amount(s) used in calculating the estimated Tenant s Share
of Operating Expenses for the year, then the estimate of Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses may be increased by written
notice from Landlord for the month in which such rate(s) or amount(s) becomes effective and for all succeeding months by
an amount equal to the estimated amount of Tenant s Share of the increase. Landlord shall give Tenant written notice of
the amount or estimated amount of the increase, the month in which the increase will become effective, Tenant s Share
thereof and the months for which the payments are due. Tenant shall pay the increase to Landlord as part of the Tenant s
monthly payments of estimated expenses as provided in paragraph (b) above, commencing with the month in which
effective.
(f) The term Operating Expenses shall mean and include all Project Costs, as defined in Section (g) below,
and Property Taxes, as defined in Section (h) below.
(g) The term Project Costs shall mean all expenses of operation, management, repair, replacement and
maintenance of the Building and the Project, including without limitation all Common Areas (as defined in Section 6.2 of the
Lease), and shall include the following charges by way of illustration but not limitation: water and sewer charges; insurance
premiums, deductibles, or reasonable premium equivalents or deductible equivalents should Landlord elect to self-insure
any risk that Landlord is authorized to insure hereunder; license, permit, and inspection fees; light; power; window washing;
trash pickup; janitorial services to any interior Common Areas; heating, ventilating and air conditioning; supplies; materials;
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
2
equipment; tools; reasonable fees for consulting services; access control/security costs, inclusive of the reasonable cost of
improvements made to enhance access control systems and procedures; establishment of reasonable reserves for
replacement of the roof of the Building; costs incurred in connection with compliance with any laws or changes in laws
applicable to the Building or the Project; the cost of any capital improvements or replacements (other than tenant
improvements for specific tenants) to the extent of the amortized amount thereof over the useful life of such capital
improvements or replacements (or, if such capital improvements or replacements are anticipated to achieve a cost savings
as to the Operating Expenses, any shorter estimated period of time over which the cost of the capital improvements or
replacements would be recovered from the estimated cost savings) calculated at a market cost of funds, all as determined
by Landlord, for each year of useful life or shorter recovery period of such capital expenditure whether such capital
expenditure occurs during or prior to the Term; costs associated with the maintenance of an air conditioning, heating and
ventilation service agreement, and maintenance of any communications or networked data transmission equipment,
conduit, cabling, wiring and related telecommunications facilitating automation and control systems, remote
telecommunication or data transmission infrastructure within the Building and/or the Project, and any other maintenance,
repair and replacement costs associated with such infrastructure; capital costs associated with a requirement related to
demands on utilities by Project tenants, including without limitation the cost to obtain additional voice, data and modem
connections; labor; reasonably allocated wages and salaries, fringe benefits, and payroll taxes for administrative and other
personnel directly applicable to the Building and/or Project, including both Landlord s personnel and outside personnel; any
expense incurred pursuant to Sections 6.1, 6.2, and 7.2 and Exhibits C and F of the Lease; and reasonable overhead
and/or management fees for the professional operation of the Project. It is understood and agreed that Project Costs may
include competitive charges for direct services (including, without limitation, management and/or operations services)
provided by any subsidiary, division or affiliate of Landlord.
(h) The term Property Taxes shall include any form of federal, state, county or local government or municipal
taxes, fees, charges or other impositions of every kind (whether general, special, ordinary or extraordinary) related to the
ownership, leasing or operation of the Premises, Building or Project, including without limitation, the following: (i) all real
estate taxes or personal property taxes levied against the Premises, the Building or Project, as such property taxes may be
reassessed from time to time; and (ii) other taxes, charges and assessments which are levied with respect to this Lease or
to the Building and/or the Project, and any improvements, fixtures and equipment and other property of Landlord located in
the Building and/or the Project, (iii) all assessments and fees for public improvements, services, and facilities and impacts
thereon, including without limitation arising out of any Community Facilities Districts, Mello Roos districts, similar
assessment districts, and any traffic impact mitigation assessments or fees; (iv) any tax, surcharge or assessment which
shall be levied in addition to or in lieu of real estate or personal property taxes, and (v) taxes based on the receipt of rent
(including gross receipts or sales taxes applicable to the receipt of rent), and (vi) costs and expenses incurred in contesting
the amount or validity of any Property Tax by appropriate proceedings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, general net income
or franchise taxes imposed against Landlord shall be excluded.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
1
EXHIBIT C
UTILITIES AND SERVICES
Tenant shall be responsible for and shall pay promptly, directly to the appropriate supplier, all charges for electricity
metered to the Premises, telephone, telecommunications service, janitorial service, interior landscape maintenance and all
other utilities, materials and services furnished directly to Tenant or the Premises or used by Tenant in, on or about the
Premises during the Term, together with any taxes thereon. Landlord shall make a reasonable determination of Tenant's
proportionate share of the cost of water, gas, sewer, refuse pickup and any other utilities and services that are not separately
metered to the Premises and services, and Tenant shall pay such amount to Landlord, as an item of additional rent, within
10 days after delivery of Landlord's statement or invoice therefor. Alternatively, Landlord may elect to include such cost in
the definition of Project Costs in which event Tenant shall pay Tenant's proportionate share of such costs in the manner set
forth in Section 4.2. Tenant shall also pay to Landlord as an item of additional rent, within 10 days after delivery of Landlord s
statement or invoice therefor, Landlord s standard charges (as hereinafter defined, which shall be in addition to the
electricity charge paid to the utility provider) for after hours usage by Tenant of each HVAC unit servicing the Premises.
 After hours shall mean more than 66 hours of usage during any week during the Term. After hours usage shall be
determined based upon the operation of the applicable HVAC unit during each of the foregoing periods on a non-cumulative basis (that is, without regard to Tenant s usage or nonusage of other unit(s) serving the Premises, or of the
applicable unit during other periods of the Term). As used herein, standard charges shall mean the following charges
for each hour of after hours use (in addition to the applicable electricity charges paid to the utility provider) of the following
described HVAC units: (i) 1.00 per hour for 1-5 ton HVAC units, (ii) 5.00 per hour for 6-9 ton HVAC units, and (ii) 10.00
per hour for HVAC units of greater than 9 tons.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
1
EXHIBIT D
TENANT S INSURANCE
The following requirements for Tenant s insurance shall be in effect during the Term, and Tenant shall also cause any
subtenant to comply with the requirements. Landlord reserves the right to adopt reasonable nondiscriminatory modifications
and additions to these requirements.
1. Tenant shall maintain, at its sole cost and expense, during the entire Term: (i) commercial general liability
insurance with respect to the Premises and the operations of Tenant in, on or about the Premises, on a policy form that is
at least as broad as Insurance Service Office (ISO) CGL 00 01 (if alcoholic beverages are sold on the Premises, liquor
liability shall be explicitly covered), which policy(ies) shall be written on an occurrence basis and for not less than
 1,000,000 combined single limit and 2,000,000 annual aggregate per occurrence for bodily injury, personal injury, death,
and property damage liability; such policy shall include, but not be limited to bodily injury, personal injury, blanket contractual
liability, products/completed operations, broad form property damage liability and independent contractor s liability
coverage; (ii) workers compensation insurance coverage as required by law, together with employers liability insurance
coverage of at least 1,000,000 each employee, each accident and each disease; (iii) with respect to Alterations constructed
by Tenant under this Lease, builder s risk insurance, in an amount equal to the replacement cost of the work; and
(iv) insurance against fire, vandalism, malicious mischief and such other additional perils as may be included in a standard
 special form policy, insuring all Alterations, trade fixtures, furnishings, equipment and items of personal property in the
Premises, in an amount equal to not less than 90 of their replacement cost (with replacement cost endorsement), which
policy shall also include business interruption coverage in an amount sufficient to cover 1 year of loss. In no event shall the
limits of any policy be considered as limiting the liability of Tenant under this Lease.
2. All policies of insurance required to be carried by Tenant pursuant to this Exhibit D shall be written by insurance
companies authorized to do business in the State of California and with a general policyholder rating of not less than A- 
and financial rating of not less than VIII in the most current Best s Insurance Report. The deductible, self-insured retention
or other retained limit under any policy carried by Tenant shall not exceed 25,000 unless approved in writing by Landlord,
and Tenant shall be responsible for payment of such deductible, self-insured retention or retained limit with waiver of
subrogation in favor of Landlord. Landlord may, without any obligation to do so, advance or pay any deductible, self-insured
retention or retained limit due on any claim that may involve it or its officers, directors or employees. Any insurance required
of Tenant may be furnished by Tenant under any blanket policy carried by it or under a separate policy. A certificate of
insurance, certifying that the policy has been issued, provides the coverage required by this Exhibit and contains the
required provisions, together with endorsements acceptable to Landlord evidencing the waiver of subrogation and additional
insured provisions required below, shall be delivered to Landlord prior to the date Tenant is given the right of possession of
the Premises. Proper evidence of the renewal of any insurance coverage shall also be delivered to Landlord not less than
30 days prior to the expiration of the coverage. In the event of a loss covered by any policy under which Landlord is an
additional insured, Landlord shall be entitled to review a copy of such policy.
3. Tenant s commercial general liability insurance shall contain a provision that the policy(ies) shall be primary to
and noncontributory with any insurance or self-insurance carried by Landlord, together with a provision including Landlord
and all entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Landlord, together with their respective owners,
shareholders, partners, members, divisions, officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents, and all of their
respective successors and assigns as additional insureds. It shall not include any exclusions or limitations applicable to the
Additional Insureds that are not applicable to Tenant nor an insured vs. insured exclusion.
4. Tenant s policies described in Subsections 1 (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above shall each contain a waiver by the insurer
of any right to subrogation against Landlord and all entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Landlord,
together with their respective owners, shareholders, partners, members, divisions, officers, directors, employees,
representatives and agents, and all of their respective successors and assigns. Tenant also waives its right of recovery for
any deductible, self-insured retention or retained limit under same policies enumerated above.
5. All of Tenant s policies shall contain a provision that the insurer will not cancel or change the coverage provided
by the policy without first giving Landlord 30 days prior written notice. Tenant shall also name Landlord as an additional
insured on any excess or umbrella liability insurance policy(ies) carried by Tenant.
6. VENDORS AND CONTRACTORS INSURANCE. If Tenant hires any vendor or contractor to complete work on
the Premises; Tenant shall cause such vendor or contractor to comply with the following insurance requirements:
A. Commercial general liability insurance with coverage limits of not less than 1,000,000 combined single limit
for bodily injury, personal injury, death and property damage liability per occurrence or the current limit carried by
vendor or contractor, whichever is greater,
B. Worker's compensation coverage as required by Law, including employer's liability coverage with a limit of
not less than One Million Dollars 1,000,000) each employee, each accident and each disease.
C. Vendor or Contractor and its insurer(s) providing the insurance coverages described in this Section 6 Parts A,
and B above, shall waive any and all rights of recovery against Landlord and all entities controlling, controlled by, or
under common control with Landlord, together with their respective owners, shareholders, partners, members,
divisions, officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents, and all of their respective successors.
D. The commercial general liability insurance policy required in Section 6 Part A, shall name Landlord and all
entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Landlord, together with their respective owners,
shareholders, partners, members, divisions, officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents, and all of their
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
2
respective successors as additional insured for both operations and product completed operations coverage. Such
coverage shall be primary and non-contributory to any insurance or self-insurance carried by Landlord and all entities
controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Landlord.
NOTICE TO TENANT: IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS LEASE, TENANT MUST PROVIDE EVIDENCE
OF THE REQUIRED INSURANCE TO LANDLORD S MANAGEMENT AGENT PRIOR TO BEING AFFORDED ACCESS
TO THE PREMISES.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
1
EXHIBIT E
RULES AND REGULATIONS
The following Rules and Regulations shall be in effect at the Building. Landlord reserves the right to adopt reasonable
nondiscriminatory modifications and additions at any time. In the case of any conflict between these regulations and the
Lease, the Lease shall be controlling.
1. The sidewalks, halls, passages, elevators, stairways, and other common areas shall not be obstructed by
Tenant or used by it for storage, for depositing items, or for any purpose other than for ingress to and egress from the
Premises. Should Tenant have access to any balcony or patio area, Tenant shall not place any furniture other personal
property in such area without the prior written approval of Landlord.
2. Neither Tenant nor any employee or contractor of Tenant shall go upon the roof of the Building without the prior
written consent of Landlord.
3. Tenant shall, at its expense, be required to utilize the third party contractor designated by Landlord for the
Building to provide any telephone wiring services from the minimum point of entry of the telephone cable in the Building to
the Premises.
4. No antenna or satellite dish shall be installed by Tenant without the prior written agreement of Landlord.
5. The sashes, sash doors, windows, glass lights, solar film and/or screen, and any lights or skylights that reflect
or admit light into the halls or other places of the Building shall not be covered or obstructed. If Landlord, by a notice in
writing to Tenant, shall object to any curtain, blind, tinting, shade or screen attached to, or hung in, or used in connection
with, any window or door of the Premises, the use of that curtain, blind, tinting, shade or screen shall be immediately
discontinued and removed by Tenant. Interior of the Premises visible from the exterior must be maintained in a visually
professional manner and consistent with a first class office building. Tenant shall not place any unsightly items (as
determined by Landlord in its reasonable discretion) along the exterior glass line of the Premises including, but not limited
to, boxes, and electrical and data cords. No awnings shall be permitted on any part of the Premises.
6. The installation and location of any unusually heavy equipment in the Premises, including without limitation file
storage units, safes and electronic data processing equipment, shall require the prior written approval of Landlord. The
moving of large or heavy objects shall occur only between those hours as may be designated by, and only upon previous
notice to, Landlord. No freight, furniture or bulky matter of any description shall be received into or moved out of the lobby
of the Building or carried in any elevator other than the freight elevator (if available) designated by Landlord unless approved
in writing by Landlord.
7. Any pipes or tubing used by Tenant to transmit water to an appliance or device in the Premises must be made
of copper or stainless steel, and in no event shall plastic tubing be used for that purpose.
8. Tenant shall not place any lock(s) on any door in the Premises or Building without Landlord s prior written
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Upon the termination of its tenancy, Tenant shall deliver to
Landlord all the keys to offices, rooms and toilet rooms and all access cards which shall have been furnished to Tenant or
which Tenant shall have had made.
9. Tenant shall not install equipment requiring electrical or air conditioning service in excess of that to be provided
by Landlord under the Lease without prior written approval from Landlord.
10. Tenant shall not use space heaters within the Premises.
11. Tenant shall not do or permit anything to be done in the Premises, or bring or keep anything in the Premises,
which shall in any way increase the insurance on the Building, or on the property kept in the Building, or interfere with the
rights of other tenants, or conflict with any government rule or regulation.
12. Tenant shall not use or keep any foul or noxious gas or substance in the Premises.
13. Tenant shall not permit the Premises to be occupied or used in a manner offensive or objectionable to Landlord
or other occupants of the Building by reason of noise, odors and/or vibrations, or interfere in any way with other tenants or
those having business with other tenants.
14. Tenant shall not permit any pets or animals in or about the Building. Bona fide service animals are permitted
provided such service animals are pre-approved by Landlord, remain under the direct control of the individual they serve at
all times, and do not disturb or threaten others.
15. Neither Tenant nor its employees, agents, contractors, invitees or licensees shall bring any firearm, whether
loaded or unloaded, into the Project at any time.
16. Smoking tobacco, including via personal vaporizers or other electronic cigarettes, anywhere within the
Premises, Building or Project is strictly prohibited except that smoking tobacco may be permitted outside the Building and
within the Project only in areas designated by Landlord. Smoking, vaping, distributing, growing or manufacturing marijuana
or any marijuana derivative anywhere within the Premises, Building or Project is strictly prohibited.
17. Tenant shall not install an aquarium of any size in the Premises unless otherwise approved by Landlord.
18. Tenant shall not utilize any name selected by Landlord from time to time for the Building and/or the Project as
any part of Tenant s corporate or trade name. Landlord shall have the right to change the name, number or designation of
the Building or Project without liability to Tenant. Tenant shall not use any picture of the Building in its advertising, stationery
or in any other manner.
19. Tenant shall, upon request by Landlord, supply Landlord with the names and telephone numbers of personnel
designated by Tenant to be contacted on an after-hours basis should circumstances warrant.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
2
20. Landlord may from time to time grant tenants individual and temporary variances from these Rules, provided
that any variance does not have a material adverse effect on the use and enjoyment of the Premises by Tenant.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
1
EXHIBIT F
PARKING
Tenant shall be entitled to the number of vehicle parking spaces set forth in Item 11 of the Basic Lease Provisions,
which spaces shall be unreserved and unassigned, on those portions of the Common Areas designated by Landlord for
parking. Tenant shall not use more parking spaces than such number. All parking spaces shall be used only for parking of
vehicles no larger than full size passenger automobiles, sport utility vehicles or pickup trucks. Tenant shall not permit or
allow any vehicles that belong to or are controlled by Tenant or Tenant s employees, suppliers, shippers, customers or
invitees to be loaded, unloaded or parked in areas other than those designated by Landlord for such activities. If Tenant
permits or allows any of the prohibited activities described above, then Landlord shall have the right, without notice, in
addition to such other rights and remedies that Landlord may have, to remove or tow away the vehicle involved and charge
the costs to Tenant. Parking within the Common Areas shall be limited to striped parking stalls, and no parking shall be
permitted in any driveways, access ways or in any area which would prohibit or impede the free flow of traffic within the
Common Areas. There shall be no parking of any vehicles for longer than a 48-hour period unless otherwise authorized by
Landlord, and vehicles which have been abandoned or parked in violation of the terms hereof may be towed away at the
owner s expense. Nothing contained in this Lease shall be deemed to create liability upon Landlord for any damage to
motor vehicles of visitors or employees, for any loss of property from within those motor vehicles, or for any injury to Tenant,
its visitors or employees, unless ultimately determined to be caused by the sole negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord.
Landlord shall have the right to establish, and from time to time amend, and to enforce against all users all reasonable rules
and regulations (including the designation of areas for employee parking) that Landlord may deem necessary and advisable
for the proper and efficient operation and maintenance of parking within the Common Areas. Landlord shall have the right
to construct, maintain and operate lighting facilities within the parking areas; to change the area, level, location and
arrangement of the parking areas and improvements therein; to restrict parking by tenants, their officers, agents and
employees to employee parking areas; to enforce parking charges (by operation of meters or otherwise); and to do and
perform such other acts in and to the parking areas and improvements therein as, in the use of good business judgment,
Landlord shall determine to be advisable. Any person using the parking area shall observe all directional signs and arrows
and any posted speed limits. In no event shall Tenant interfere with the use and enjoyment of the parking area by other
tenants of the Project or their employees or invitees. Parking areas shall be used only for parking vehicles. Washing,
waxing, cleaning or servicing of vehicles, or the storage of vehicles for longer than 48-hours, is prohibited unless otherwise
authorized by Landlord. Tenant shall be liable for any damage to the parking areas caused by Tenant or Tenant s
employees, suppliers, shippers, customers or invitees, including without limitation damage from excess oil leakage. Tenant
shall have no right to install any fixtures, equipment or personal property in the parking areas. Tenant shall not assign or
sublet any of the vehicle parking spaces, either voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of
Landlord, except in connection with an authorized assignment of this Lease or subletting of the Premises.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
1
EXHIBIT H
LANDLORD S DISCLOSURES
The capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this Exhibit shall have the same definitions as set forth in
the Lease. The provisions of this Exhibit shall supersede any inconsistent or conflicting provisions of the Lease.
1. Landlord has been informed that the El Toro Marine Corps Air Station (MCAS) has been listed as a Federal
Superfund site as a result of chemical releases occurring over many years of occupancy. Various chemicals including jet
fuel, motor oil and solvents have been discharged in several areas throughout the MCAS site. A regional study conducted
by the Orange County Water District has estimated that groundwaters beneath more than 2,900 acres have been impacted
by Trichloroethylene (TCE), an industrial solvent. There is a potential that this substance may have migrated into the ground
water underlying the Premises. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the Santa Ana Regional Water Quality Control
Board, and the Orange County Health Care Agency are overseeing the investigation/cleanup of this contamination. To the
Landlord's current actual knowledge, the ground water in this area is used for irrigation purposes only, and there is no
practical impediment to the use or occupancy of the Premises due to the El Toro discharges.
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

RESHAPE LIFESCIENCES INC-18 Technology-STE 110-L2 3/13/2023- Opp-047769
1
Technology Link
18 Technology
EXHIBIT Y
DocuSign Envelope ID: B966CD56-D004-47EC-A282-964B9CCA451B 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 rsls-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries Reshape Lifesciences, Inc. (Delaware) ReShape Weightloss, Inc. (Delaware) ReShape Lifesciences Netherlands B.V. (Netherlands) ReShape Lifesciences Australia Pty Ltd (Australia) ReShape Costa Rica Sociedad de Responsabilidad Limited (Costa Rica) Obalon Center for Weight Loss, Inc. (Delaware) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 rsls-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-213988, 333-218482, 333-224864, 333-232759, 333-235876, and 333-236062), Form S-3 (Nos. 333-221264, 333-227160, 333-259301, and 333-259303), and Form S-1 (333-229142, 333-232276, and 333-236327) of ReShape Lifesciences Inc. of our report dated April 17, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of ReShape Lifesciences Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ReShape Lifesciences Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ RSM US LLP Irvine, California April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 rsls-20221231xex23d2.htm
 EX-23.2

Exhibit 23.2 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ReShape Lifesciences, Inc. San Clemente, California We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-213988, 333-218482, 333-224864, 333-232759, 333-235876, and 333-236062), Form S-3 (Nos. 333-221264, 333-227160, 333-259301, and 333-259303), and Form S-1 (Nos. 333-260207, 333-229142, 333-232276, and 333-236327) of Reshape Lifesciences, Inc. of our report dated April 8, 2022, except for the effect of the one-for-fifty reverse stock split discussed in Note 4 as to which the date is January 12, 2023 and the impact of the restatement discussed in Note 2 as to which the date is April 17, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. /s/ BDO USA, LLP Costa Mesa, California April 17, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 rsls-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Paul F. Hickey, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ReShape Lifesciences Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Paul F. Hickey Paul F. Hickey President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 rsls-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Thomas Stankovich, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ReShape Lifesciences Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/S/ thomas stankovich Thomas Stankovich Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance 
 Date: April 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 rsls-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of ReShape Lifesciences Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Paul F. Hickey, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/S/ Paul F. Hickey Paul F. Hickey President and Chief Executive Officer 
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 rsls-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of ReShape Lifesciences (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Thomas Stankovich, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/S/ thomas stankovich Thomas Stankovich Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Finance 
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 38
 rsls-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 40
 rsls-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 41
 rsls-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 42
 rsls-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

