<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230628_10-K_edgar_data_1696558_0001213900-23-052460.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6232096</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>193557</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1334874</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1290477</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1722767</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1551600</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-052460.hdr.sgml : 20230628
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230628160529
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-052460
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230628
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230628

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jerash Holdings (US), Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001696558
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	APPAREL & OTHER FINISHED PRODS OF FABRICS & SIMILAR MATERIAL [2300]
		IRS NUMBER:				814701719
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38474
		FILM NUMBER:		231052127

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		260 EAST MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2706
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2125759085

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		260 EAST MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2706
		CITY:			ROCHESTER
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14604

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-052460.txt : 20230628

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_jerashholdings.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation
or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which 
registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock, par value 0.001 per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as computed by reference to the September 30, 2022
closing price reported by Nasdaq, was approximately . 

The number of the registrant s shares of
common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding on June 27, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s proxy statement
for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 17 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 18 

PART II 
 19 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 19 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 19 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 25 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 26 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 26 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 27 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 27 

PART III 
 28 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 28 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 28 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 28 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 28 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 28 

PART IV 
 29 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 29 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 31 
 
 Signatures 
 32 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. Jerash Holdings ),
through its wholly owned operating subsidiaries (together the Group, we, us, or our ),
is principally engaged in the manufacturing and exporting of customized, ready-made sportswear and outerwear from knitted fabric and personal
protective equipment PPE produced in its facilities in the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan Jordan ). Our website
address is http://www.jerashholdings.com. Information available on our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

We are a manufacturer for many well-known brands
and retailers, such as VF Corporation (which owns brands such as The North Face, Timberland, and Vans), New Balance, G-III (which licenses
brands such as Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, DKNY, and Guess), American Eagle, and Skechers. Our production facilities comprise six factories
and five warehouses and we currently employ approximately 5,000 people. The total annual capacity at our facilities was approximately
14 million pieces (average for product categories including t-shirts, polo shirts, pants, shorts, and jackets, and excluding PPE) as of
March 31, 2023. 

Organizational Structure 

Jerash Holdings is a holding company incorporated
in Delaware in January 2016. As of the date of this annual report, Jerash Holdings has the following wholly owned subsidiaries: (i) Jerash
Garments and Fashions Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Jerash Garments ), an entity formed under the laws of Jordan, (ii) Treasure
Success International Limited Treasure Success ), an entity formed under the laws of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
of the People s Republic of China Hong Kong or HK ), (iii) Chinese Garments and Fashions Manufacturing
Co., Ltd. Chinese Garments ), an entity formed under the laws of Jordan and a wholly owned subsidiary of Jerash Garments,
(iv) Jerash for Industrial Embroidery Co., Ltd. Jerash Embroidery ), an entity formed under the laws of Jordan and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Jerash Garments, (v) Al-Mutafaweq Co. for Garments Manufacturing Ltd. Paramount ), an entity formed
under the laws of Jordan and a wholly owned subsidiary of Jerash Garments, (vi) Mustafa and Kamal Ashraf Trading Company (Jordan) for
the Manufacture of Ready-Make Clothes LLC MK Garments ), an entity formed under the laws of Jordan and a wholly owned subsidiary
of Jerash Garments; (vii) Jiangmen Treasure Success Business Consultancy Co., Ltd. Jiangmen Treasure Success ), an entity
incorporated under the laws of the People s Republic of China China or the PRC and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Treasure Success, (viii) Jerash The First Medical Supplies Manufacturing Company Limited Jerash The First ),
an entity formed under the laws of Jordan and a wholly owned subsidiary of Jerash Garments, (ix) Jerash Supplies, LLC Jerash Supplies ),
an entity formed under the laws of the State of Delaware, (x) Kawkab Venus Dowalyah Lisenaet Albesah Kawkab Venus ), a limited
liability company established in Amman, Jordan, and (xi) Ever Winland Limited Ever Winland ), a limited liability company
organized in Hong Kong. As of the date of this annual report, Treasure Success owns 51 of the equity interests in J B International
Limited J B ), a company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong. P. T. Eratex (Hong Kong) Limited Eratex ), a company formed in Hong Kong, owns the remaining 49 . 

1 

This chart reflects our organizational structure as of the date of
this annual report: 

Jerash Garments was established in Jordan on November
26, 2000 and operates out of our factory in Al Tajamouat Industrial City, a Development Zone in Amman, Jordan. Jerash Garments 
principal activities are to house management offices and to operate production lines and printing, sewing, ironing, packing, and quality
control units, as well as house our trims and finished products warehouses. We also operate our factory in Al-Hasa County (as discussed
below) under Jerash Garments. 

Chinese Garments was established in Jordan on
June 13, 2013 and operates out of our factory in Al Tajamouat Industrial City. Chinese Garments principal activities are to house
administration, human resources, finance, and management offices and to operate additional production lines and sewing, ironing, and packing
units, as well as house our trims warehouse. 

Jerash Embroidery was established in Jordan on
March 11, 2013 and operates out of our factory in Al Tajamouat Industrial City. Jerash Embroidery s principal activities are to
perform the cutting and embroidery for our products. 

Paramount was established in Jordan on October
24, 2004 and operates out of our factory in Al Tajamouat Industrial City. Paramount s principal activities are to manufacture garments
per customer orders. 

MK Garments was established in Jordan on January
23, 2003. On June 24, 2021, Jerash Garments and the sole shareholder of MK Garments entered into an agreement, pursuant to which Jerash
Garments acquired all of the outstanding stock of MK Garments. As of October 7, 2021, MK Garments became a subsidiary of Jerash Garments.
MK Garments operates out of our factory in Al Tajamouat Industrial City. MK Garments principal activities are to manufacture garments
per customer orders. 

Treasure Success was established in Hong Kong
on July 5, 2016 and operates in Hong Kong. Treasure Success s primary activities are sales of garments and to employ sales and merchandising
staff and supporting personnel in Hong Kong to support the business of Jerash Garments and its subsidiaries. 

Jiangmen Treasure Success was established in Jiangmen
City of Guangdong Province in the PRC on August 28, 2019 and operates in the PRC. Jiangmen Treasure Success s primary activities
are to provide support in sales and marketing, sample development, merchandising, procurement, and other areas. 

Jerash The First was established in Jordan on
July 6, 2020 and operate out of our factory in Al-Hasa County. Jerash The First s principal activities are to manufacture PPE products. 

Jerash Supplies was formed in Delaware on November
20, 2020. Jerash Supplies is engaged in the trading of PPE products. 

Kawkab Venus was established in Amman, Jordan,
on January 15, 2015 with a declared capital of JOD 50,000. It holds land with factory premises, which are leased to MK Garments. On July
14, 2021, Jerash Garments and the sole shareholder of Kawkab Venus entered into an agreement, pursuant to which Jerash Garments acquired
all of the outstanding stock of Kawkab Venus. Apart from the land and factory premises, Kawkab Venus had no other significant assets or
liabilities and no operation activities or employees at the time of acquisition, so the acquisition was accounted for an asset acquisition.
As of August 21, 2022, Kawkab Venus became a subsidiary of Jerash Garments. 

2 

Ever Winland was organized in Hong Kong on December
3, 2020. It holds office premises, which are leased to Treasure Success. On June 22, 2022, Treasure Success and the shareholders of Ever
Winland entered into an agreement, pursuant to which Treasure Success acquired all of the outstanding stock of Ever Winland. Apart from
the office premises used by Treasure Success, Ever Winland had no other significant assets or liabilities and no operating activities
or employees at the time of this acquisition, so this transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition. As of August 29, 2022, Ever
Winland became a subsidiary of Treasure Success. 

J B is a joint venture company established
in Hong Kong on January 10, 2023. On March 20, 2023, Treasure Success and Eratex entered into a Joint Venture and Shareholders 
Agreement, pursuant to which Treasure Success acquired 51 of the equity interests in J B on April 11, 2023. J B engages in the
business of garment trading and manufacturing for orders from customers. 

Products 

As a garment manufacturing group, we specialize
in manufacturing sportswear and outerwear. Our sportswear and outerwear product offering consists of jackets, polo shirts, t-shirts, pants,
and shorts. Our primary product offering in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was shorts, pants, and vests, which accounted for approximately
49 of our total shipped pieces. In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, our primary product offering was jackets, which accounted for
approximately 35 of our total shipped pieces. 

In response to high demand for PPE due to the
COVID-19 pandemic, we started manufacturing PPE in 2020. Our PPE product offering consists of branded (washable) and disposable face masks,
medical scrubs, protective coveralls, and surgical gowns. In order to advance our PPE market development efforts, we incorporated a new
entity, Jerash The First, which received temporary permission from Jordan s Food and Drug Administration to manufacture and export
non-surgical PPE. Our production facility for PPE needs to meet certain structural requirements before we can receive a permanent permission
and we are still planning the production facility. In September 2020, we successfully registered as a medical device manufacturing facility
with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the sale and export of our PPE products to the United States. We also received an ISO 13485
designation covering the manufacturing, packing, and selling of medical supplies. The sale and export of PPE products did not contribute
to our total revenue in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Manufacturing and Production 

Our production facilities are located in Al Tajamouat
Industrial City and in Al-Hasa County in the Tafilah Governorate of Jordan. 

Our production facilities in Al Tajamouat Industrial
City comprise five factories and five warehouses. Effective as of January 1, 2019, the government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan converted
Al Tajamouat Industrial City into a Development Zone. Following this change, we continued to operate under benefits similar to the Qualifying
Industrial Zone designation, but were subject to a 10 corporate income tax plus a 1 social contribution. Starting from January 1, 2020,
the corporate income tax rate increased to 14 plus a 1 social contribution. On January 1, 2021, the corporate income tax rate increased
to 16 plus a 1 social contribution. On January 1, 2022, the corporate income tax rate increased to 18 or 20 plus a 1 social contribution.
Effective January 1, 2023, we have been subject to a 19 or 20 corporate income tax rate plus a 1 social contribution. Currently, the
first factory, which we own, employs approximately 1,400 people. Its primary functions are to house our management offices, as well as
production lines, trims warehouse, and printing, sewing, ironing, and packaging units. The second factory, which we lease, employs approximately
1,400 people. Its primary function is to house our administrative and human resources personnel, merchandising and accounting departments,
embroidery, printing, additional production lines, trims and finished products warehouses, and sewing, ironing, packing and quality control
units. The third factory, which we lease, employs approximately 200 people. Its primary functions are to perform the cutting for our products.
The fourth factory (under Paramount), which we lease, currently employs approximately 1,100 people. Its primary functions are to house
additional production lines. The fifth factory (under MK Garments) currently employs approximately 600 people. Its primary function is
to manufacture garments for orders from customers. 

3 

Our production facility in Al-Hasa County in the
Tafilah Governorate of Jordan comprises a factory, which currently employs approximately 300 people and its primary functions are to manufacture
garment products per customer orders. We commenced the construction of this factory in 2018 and we started operations in November 2019.
This is a joint project with the Jordanian Ministry of Labor and the Jordanian Education and Training Department. According to our agreement
with these government agencies, we used this factory without paying rent through December 2022. We have continued to use the factory without
paying rent since January 2023 as new arrangements with the Jordanian Ministry of Labor are still being made. See Item 2. Properties 
below for more information regarding this factory. 

In 2015, we commenced a project to build a 4,800
square-foot workshop in the Tafilah Governorate of Jordan, which was originally intended to be used as a sewing workshop for Jerash Garments.
Construction was temporarily suspended in March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and was subsequently completed and ready for use as
of September 30, 2021 and the building is now used as a dormitory to house management and supervisory staff who work at the factory in
Al-Hasa County. 

In April 2021, we commenced a construction on
a 189,000 square-foot housing facility for our multi-national workforce, situated on a 49,000 square-foot site owned by us, in Al Tajamouat
Industrial City. We anticipate the completion and occupancy of the new building for August 2023. To meet increasing demand, we are also
completing plans to construct an additional project on a nearby separate 133,000 square-foot parcel that we purchased in 2019 for 1.2
million, with 2/3 of the land allocated for our seventh factory and 1/3 for housing. We have resumed our work with engineering consultants
on the architectural design of the building with the consideration of business growth potential bought about by the new business collaboration
with Busana Apparel Group. 

Total annual capacity at our existing facilities
was approximately 14 million pieces (average for product categories including t-shirts, polo shirts, pants, shorts, and jackets, and excluding
PPE) as of March 31, 2023. Our production flow begins in the cutting department of our factory. Then the product is sent to the embroidery
department for embroidery if applicable. From there, the product moves to be processed by the sewing unit, finishing department, quality
control, and finally the ironing and packing units. 

We do not have long-term supply contracts or arrangements
with our suppliers. Most of our ultimate suppliers for raw materials, such as fabric, zippers, and labels, are designated by customers
and we purchase such materials on a purchase order basis. 

Employees 

As of March 31, 2023, we had an aggregate of approximately
5,500 employees located in Jordan, Hong Kong, the People s Republic of China, and the United States of America, all of which are
full-time employees. 

Customers 

The following table outlines the dollar amount
and percentage of total sales to our customers for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 fiscal 2023 and March 31, 2022 fiscal 2022 ). 

Fiscal 2023 
 Fiscal 2022 

Sales 
 
 Sales 

(USD, in 
 thousands) 
 
 (USD, in 
 thousands) 

VF Corporation (1) 
 82,661 
 59.9 
 96,450 
 67.3 
 
 New Balance 
 24,124 
 17.5 
 34,506 
 24.1 
 
 Jiangsu Guotai Huasheng Industrial Co (HK)., Ltd 
 9,454 
 6.8 
 3,245 
 2.3 
 
 Dynamic 
 8,175 
 5.9 
 2,235 
 1.6 
 
 G-III 
 5,589 
 4.0 
 2,758 
 1.9 
 
 Classic 
 1,596 
 1.2 
 - 
 0 
 
 Soriana 
 954 
 0.7 
 1,487 
 1.0 
 
 Others 
 5,510 
 4.0 
 2,674 
 1.8 
 
 Total 
 138,063 
 100.0 
 143,355 
 100.0 

(1) 
 Most of our products are sold under The North Face and Timberland brands owned by VF Corporation. 

4 

In fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, we depended on
a few key customers for our sales, and most of our sales in fiscal 2023 and 2022 were to one customer, VF Corporation. 

We started producing garments for VF Corporation
in 2012. Most of the products we manufacture are sold under The North Face and Timberland brands which are owned by VF Corporation. Currently,
we manufacture primarily outerwear for The North Face. Approximately 60 and 67 of our sales in fiscal 2023 and 2022 were derived from
the sale of manufactured products to VF Corporation, respectively. We are not party to any long-term contracts with VF Corporation or
our other customers, and our sales arrangements with our customers do not have minimum purchase requirements. As is common in our industry,
VF Corporation and our other customers place purchase orders with us after we complete detailed sample development and approval processes
that we and our customers have agreed upon for their purchase of the relevant manufactured garments. It is through the sample development
and approval processes that we and VF Corporation and our other customers agree on the purchase and manufacture of the garments. For fiscal
2023, VF Corporation issued approximately 10,500 purchase orders to us in amounts ranging from approximately 6 to 372,000. For fiscal
2022, VF Corporate issued approximately 9,500 purchase orders to us in amounts ranging from approximately 5 to 684,000. 

Our customers are in the retail industry, which
is subject to substantial cyclical variations. Consequently, there can be no assurance that sales to current customers will continue at
the current rate or at all. In addition, our annual and quarterly results may vary, which may cause our profits and the market price of
our common stock to decline. 

We continue to seek to expand and strengthen our
relationship with our current customers and other brand names. However, we cannot assure you that these brands will continue to buy our
products in the same volumes or on the same terms as they did in the past or that we will be successful in expanding our relationship
with other brand names. 

Competition 

The markets for the manufacturing of sportswear
and outerwear are highly competitive. The competition in those markets is focused primarily on the price and quality of the product and
the level of customer service. Our products compete with products of other apparel manufacturers in Asia, Israel, Europe, the United States,
and South and Central America. 

Competition with other manufacturers in the clothing
industry focuses on reducing production costs, reducing supply lead time, design, product quality, and efficiency of supply to the customer.
Since production costs depend to a large extent on labor costs, in recent years most production in the industry has been moved to countries
where labor costs are low. Some of our competitors have lower cost bases, longer operating histories, larger customer bases, and other
advantages over us which allow them to compete with us. As described in more detail under Conditions in Jordan 
below, we are able to sell our products manufactured at our facilities in Jordan to the United States free from customs duties and import
quotas under certain conditions. These favorable terms enable us to remain competitive on the basis of price. According to the Association
Agreement between the European Union (the EU and Jordan, which came into force in May 2002, and the joint initiative on
rules of origin reviewed and improved in December 2018 by the EU and Jordan, goods manufactured by us in Jordan that are subsequently
shipped to EU countries are shipped free from customs duties. 

5 

Conditions in Jordan 

Our manufacturing facilities are located in Jordan.
Accordingly, we are directly affected by political, security, and economic conditions in Jordan. 

From time to time Jordan has experienced instances
of civil unrest, terrorism, and hostilities among neighboring countries, including Syria and Israel. A peace agreement between Israel
and Jordan was signed in 1994. Terrorist attacks, military activity, rioting, or civil or political unrest in the future could influence
the Jordanian economy and our operations by disrupting operations and communications and making travel within Jordan more difficult and
less desirable. Political or social tensions also could create a greater perception that investments in companies with Jordanian operations
involve a high degree of risk, which could adversely affect the market and price for our common stock. 

Jordan is a constitutional monarchy, but the King
holds wide executive and legislative powers. The ruling family has taken initiatives that support the economic growth of the country.
However, there is no assurance that such initiatives will be successful or will continue. The rate of economic liberalization could change,
and specific laws and policies affecting manufacturing companies, foreign investments, currency exchange rates, and other matters affecting
investments in Jordan could change as well. 

Trade Agreements 

Because of the United States-Jordan Free Trade
Agreement, which came into force on December 17, 2001, and was implemented fully on January 1, 2010, and the Association Agreement between
the EU and Jordan, which came into force in May 2002, we are able to sell our products manufactured at our facilities in Jordan to the
U.S. free from customs duties and import quotas under certain conditions and to EU countries free from customs duties. 

Income Tax Incentives 

Effective January 1, 2019, Jordan s government
converted the geographical area where Jerash Garments and its subsidiaries are located from a Free Zone to a Development Zone. Development
Zones are industrial parks that house manufacturing operations in Jordan. In accordance with applicable law, Jerash Garments and its subsidiaries
began paying corporate income tax in Jordan at a rate of 10 plus 1 social contribution. Starting from January 1, 2020, the corporate
income tax rate in Jordan increased to 14 plus 1 social contribution. Effective January 1, 2021, this rate increased to 16 plus 1 
social contribution. On January 1, 2022, this rate further increased to 18 or 20 plus 1 social contribution. On January 1, 2023, this
rate further increased to 19 or 20 plus a 1 social contribution. For more information, see Note 2 Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies Income and Sales Taxes. 

In addition, Jerash Garments and its subsidiaries
are subject to local sales tax of 16 . However, Jerash Garments was granted a sales tax exemption from the Jordanian Investment Commission
for the period June 1, 2015 to June 1, 2018 that allowed Jerash Garments to make purchases with no sales tax charge. This exemption was
extended to February 5, 2024. 

Government Regulation 

Our manufacturing and other facilities in Jordan
and our subsidiaries outside of Jordan are subject to various local regulations relating to the maintenance of safe working conditions
and manufacturing practices. Management believes that we are currently in compliance in all material respects with all such regulations.
We are not subject to governmental approval of our products or manufacturing process. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

The following are factors that could have a significant
impact on our operations and financial results and could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in
any forward-looking statements. 

6 

Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry 

We rely on one key customer for most of
our revenue. We cannot assure you that this customer or any other customer will continue to buy our products in the same volumes or on
the same terms. 

Our sales to VF Corporation (which owns brands
such as The North Face, Timberland, and Vans), directly and indirectly, accounted for approximately 60 and 67 of our total sales in
fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. From an accounting perspective, we are considered the principal in our arrangement with VF
Corporation. We bear the inventory risk before the specified goods are transferred to a customer, and we have the right to determine the
price and to change our product during the sample development process with customers in which we determine factors including material
usage and manufacturing costs before confirming orders. Therefore, we present the sales and related manufacturing activities on a gross
basis. 

We are not party to any long-term contracts with
VF Corporation or our other customers, and our sales arrangements with our customers do not have minimum purchase requirements. As is
common in our industry, VF Corporation and our other customers place purchase orders with us after we complete detailed sample development
and approval processes. It is through these sample development and approval processes that we and VF Corporation agree on the purchase
and manufacture of the garments in question. From April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022, VF Corporation issued approximately 9,500 purchase
orders to us in amounts ranging from approximately 5 to 684,000. From April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023, VF Corporation issued approximately
10,500 purchase orders to us in amounts ranging from approximately 6 to 372,000. 

We cannot assure you that our customers will continue
to buy our products at all or in the same volumes or on the same terms as they have in the past. The failure of VF Corporation to continue
to buy our products in the same volumes and on the same terms as in the past may significantly reduce our sales and our earnings. 

A material decrease in the quantity of sales made
to our principal customers, a material adverse change in the terms of such sales or a material adverse change in the financial condition
of our principal customers could significantly reduce our sales and our earnings. 

We cannot assure you that VF Corporation will
continue to purchase our merchandise at the same historical rate, or at all, in the future, or that we will be able to attract new customers.
In addition, because of our reliance on VF Corporation as our key customer and their bargaining power with us, VF Corporation has the
ability to exert significant control over our business decisions, including prices. 

Any adverse change in our relationship with
VF Corporation and its The North Face and Timberland brands, or with their strategies or reputation, would have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations. 

Most of our products are sold under The North
Face and Timberland brands, which are owned by VF Corporation. Any adverse change in our relationship with VF Corporation would have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, our sales of those products could be materially and adversely affected
if the image, reputation, or popularity of either VF Corporation, The North Face, or Timberland were to be negatively impacted. 

If we lose our key customer and are unable
to attract new customers, then our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

If our key customer, VF Corporation, fails to
purchase our merchandise at the same historical rate, or at all, we will need to attract new customers and we cannot assure you that we
will be able to do so. We do not currently invest significant resources in marketing our products, and we cannot assure you that any new
investments in sales and marketing will lead to the acquisition of additional customers or increased sales or profitability consistent
with prior periods. If we are unable to attract new customers or customers that generate comparable profit margins to VF Corporation,
then our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

If we lose our larger brand name customers,
or the customers fail to purchase our products at anticipated levels, our sales and operating results will be adversely affected. 

Our results of operations depend to a significant
extent upon the commercial success of our larger brand name customers. If we lose these customers, these customers fail to purchase our
products at anticipated levels, or our relationships with these customers or the brands and retailers they serve diminishes, it may have
an adverse effect on our results and we may lose a primary source of revenue. In addition, we may not be able to recoup development and
inventory costs associated with these customers and we may not be able to collect our receivables from them, which would negatively impact
our financial condition and results of operations. 

7 

If the market share of our customers declines,
our sales and earnings may decline. 

Our sales can be adversely affected in the event
that our direct and indirect customers do not successfully compete in the markets in which they operate. In the event that the sales of
one of our major customers decline for any reason, regardless of whether it is related to us or to our products, our sales to that customer
may also decline, which could reduce our overall sales and our earnings. 

Our financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows in fiscal 2020 and 2021 were adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

In December 2019, COVID-19 was first identified
in Wuhan, China. Less than four months later, on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic the
first pandemic caused by a coronavirus. The outbreak has reached more than 160 countries, including Jordan and the United States, resulting
in the implementation of significant governmental measures, including lockdowns, closures, quarantines, and travel bans, intended to control
the spread of the virus. On March 17, 2020, the country of Jordan announced a shutdown of non-essential activities as part of its proactive
national efforts to limit the spread of COVID-19. On April 4, 2020, we resumed operations of our main production facilities in Al Tajamouat
Industrial City under the condition that only migrant workers, living in dormitories in Al Tajamouat Industrial City, were allowed to
go to work in the factories under strict hygienic precautionary measures, pursuant to an approval from the Jordanian government dated
April 1, 2020. Our Al-Hasa factory was also allowed to restart operation on April 26, 2020. Eventually, local employees were also allowed
to resume work starting June 1, 2020. 

Owing to the national shutdown in Jordan between
March 18 and March 31, 2020, the shipment of approximately 1.6 million of our orders which were scheduled to be shipped by March 31,
2020, the end of fiscal 2020, was postponed. We shipped these orders in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. There was also loss of productivity
in the shutdown period which negatively impacted our first quarter and full year profitability in fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2022, our production
facilities resumed full operation with additional medical and hygienic measures in place. The COVID-19 pandemic did not materially adversely
affect our business operations and condition and operating results for fiscal 2023. The Company currently expects that its operation results
for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024 would not be significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. However, there is still significant
uncertainty around the breadth and duration of business disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as its impact on the U.S.
and international economies. Given the dynamic nature of these circumstances, should there be resurgence of COVID-19 cases globally and
should the U.S. government or the Jordan government implement new restrictions to contain the spread, the Company s business would
be negatively impacted. 

We may require additional financing to fund
our operations and capital expenditures. 

As of March 31, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents
of approximately 17.8 million and restricted cash of approximately 1.6 million. There can be no assurance that our available cash, together
with resources from our operations, will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital expenditures. In addition, our cash position
may decline in the future, and we may not be successful in maintaining an adequate level of cash resources. 

Pursuant to a facility letter (the SCBHK
facility dated June 15, 2018 issued to Treasure Success by Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited SCBHK ),
SCBHK offered to provide an import facility of up to 3,000,000 to Treasure Success. The SCBHK facility covers import invoice financing
and pre-shipment financing under export orders with a combined limit of 3,000,000. SCBHK charges interest at 1.3 per annum over SCBHK s
cost of funds. In consideration for arranging the SCBHK facility, Treasure Success paid SCBHK HKD50,000. We were informed by SCBHK on
January 31, 2019 that the SCBHK facility had been activated. As of March 31, 2022, there was no outstanding amount under the SCBHK
facility. In June 2022, we were informed by SCBHK that the facility was cancelled due to persistently low usage and zero loan outstanding. 

8 

Pursuant to the DBS facility letter dated January
12, 2022, DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited DBSHK provided a bank facility of up to 5.0 million to Treasure Success. Pursuant
to the agreement, DBSHK agreed to finance cargo receipt, trust receipt, account payable financing, and certain type of import invoice
financing up to an aggregate of 5.0 million. The DBSHK facility bears interest at 1.5 per annum over Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate HIBOR for HKD bills and 1.3 per annum over DBSHK s cost of funds for foreign currency bills. The facility is guaranteed
by Jerash Holdings and became available to the Company on June 17, 2022. 

In addition, we may be required to seek additional
debt or equity financing in order to support our growing operations. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on satisfactory
terms, or at all, and any new equity financing could have a substantial dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. If we cannot obtain
additional financing, we may not be able to achieve our desired sales growth, and our results of operations would be negatively affected. 

We may have conflicts of interest with our
affiliates and related parties, and in the past we have engaged in transactions and entered into agreements with affiliates that were
not negotiated at arms length. 

We have engaged, and may in the future engage,
in transactions with affiliates and other related parties. These transactions may not have been, and may not be, on terms as favorable
to us as they could have been if obtained from non-affiliated persons. While an effort has been made and will continue to be made to obtain
services from affiliated persons and other related parties at rates and on terms as favorable as would be charged by others, there will
always be an inherent conflict of interest between our interests and those of our affiliates and related parties. Through his wholly owned
entity Merlotte Enterprise Limited, Mr. Choi, our chairman, chief executive officer, president, treasurer, and a significant stockholder,
has an indirect ownership interest in Jiangmen V-Apparel Manufacturing Limited, with which we have entered into, or in the future may
enter into, agreements or arrangements. See also Note 11 Related Party Transactions. If we engage in related party
transactions on unfavorable terms, our operating results will be negatively impacted. 

We are dependent on a product segment comprised
of a limited number of products. 

Presently, we generate revenue primarily from
manufacturing and exporting sportswear and outerwear. A shift in demand from such products may reduce the growth of new business for our
products, and reduce existing business in those products. If demand in sportswear and outerwear were to decline, we may endeavor to expand
or transition our product offerings to other segments of the clothing retail industry. There can be no assurance that we would be able
to successfully make such an expansion or transition, or that our sales and margins would not decline in the event we made such an expansion
or transition. 

Our revenue and cash requirements are affected
by the seasonal nature of our business. 

A significant portion of our revenue is received
during the first six months of our fiscal year, or from April through September. A majority of our VF Corporation orders are derived from
winter season fashions, the sales of which occur in the spring and summer and are merchandized by VF Corporation during the autumn months
(September through November). As such, the second half of our fiscal year reflect lower sales in anticipation of the spring and summer
seasons. In addition, due to the nature of our relationships with customers and our use of purchase orders to conduct our business, our
revenue may vary from period to period. 

Changes in our product mix and the geographic
destination of our products or source of our supplies may impact our cost of goods sold, net income, and financial position. 

From time to time, we experience changes in the
product mix and the geographic destination of our products. To the extent our product mix shifts from higher revenue items, such as jackets,
to lower revenue items, such as pants, our cost of goods sold as a percentage of gross revenue will likely increase. In addition, if we
sell a higher proportion of products in geographic regions where we do not benefit from free trade agreements or tax exemptions, our gross
margins will fall. If we are unable to sustain consistent product mix and geographic destinations for our products, we could experience
negative impacts to our financial condition and results of operations. 

9 

Our direct and indirect customers are in
the clothing retail industry, which is subject to substantial cyclical variations and could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations. 

Our direct and indirect customers are in the clothing
retail industry, which is subject to substantial cyclical variations and is strongly affected by any downturn or slowdown in the general
economy. Factors in the clothing retail industry that may influence our operating results from quarter to quarter include: 

the volume and timing of customer orders we receive during the quarter; 

the timing and magnitude of our customers marketing campaigns; 

the loss or addition of a major customer or of a major retailer nomination; 

the availability and pricing of materials for our products; 

the increased expenses incurred in connection with introducing new products; 

currency fluctuations; 

political factors that may affect the expected flow of commerce; and 

delays caused by third parties. 

In addition, uncertainty over future economic
prospects could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Many factors affect the level of consumer spending in the
clothing retail industry, including, among others: 

general business conditions; 

interest rates; 

the availability of consumer credit; 

taxation; and 

consumer confidence in future economic conditions. 

Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including
our products, may decline during recessionary periods and also may decline at other times when disposable income is lower. Consequently,
our customers may have larger inventories of our products than expected, and to compensate for any downturn they may reduce the size of
their orders, change the payment terms, limit their purchases to a lower price range, and try to change their purchase terms, all of which
may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The clothing retail industry is subject
to changes in fashion preferences. If our customers misjudge a fashion trend or the price which consumers are willing to pay for our products
decreases, our revenue could be adversely affected. 

The clothing retail industry is subject to changes
in fashion preferences. We design and manufacture products based on our customers judgment as to what products will appeal to consumers
and what price consumers would be willing to pay for our products. Our customers may not be successful in accurately anticipating consumer
preferences and the prices that consumers would be willing to pay for our products. Our revenue will be reduced if our customers are not
successful, particularly if our customers reduce the volume of their purchases from us or require us to reduce the prices at which we
sell our products. 

10 

If we experience product quality or late
delivery problems, or if we experience financial problems, our business will be negatively affected. 

We may from time to time experience difficulties
in making timely delivery of products of acceptable quality. Such difficulties may result in cancellation of orders, customer refusal
to accept deliveries, or reductions in purchase prices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will not experience difficulties with manufacturing our products. 

We face intense competition in the worldwide
apparel manufacturing industry. 

We compete directly with a number of manufacturers
of sportswear and outerwear. Some of these manufacturers have lower cost bases, longer operating histories, larger customer bases, greater
geographical proximity to customers, or greater financial and marketing resources than we do. Increased competition, direct or indirect,
could reduce our revenue and profitability through pricing pressure, loss of market share, and other factors. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to compete successfully with existing or new competitors, as the market for our products evolves and the level of competition
increases. We believe that our business will depend upon our ability to provide apparel products of good quality and meeting our customers 
pricing and delivery requirements, and our ability to maintain relationships with our major customers. There can be no assurance that
we will be successful in this regard. 

We may not be successful in integrating acquired businesses. 

Our growth and profitability could be adversely
affected if we acquire businesses or assets of other businesses and are unable to integrate the business or assets into our current business.
To grow effectively, we must find acquisition candidates that meet our criteria and successfully integrate the acquired business into
ours. If acquired businesses do not achieve expected levels of production or profitability, we are unable to integrate the business or
assets into our business, or we are unable to adequately manage our growth following the acquisition, our results of operations and financial
condition would be adversely affected. 

Our results of operations are subject to fluctuations in currency
exchange rates. 

Exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar
and Jordanian Dinar JOD ), Hong Kong dollar, or Chinese Yuan CNY ), as well as inflation in Jordan, Hong Kong,
or the PRC, may negatively affect our earnings. A substantial majority of our revenue and a substantial portion of our expenses are denominated
in U.S. dollars. However, a significant portion of the expenses associated with our Jordanian, Hong Kong, or PRC operations, including
personnel and facilities-related expenses, are incurred in JOD, Hong Kong dollars, or CNY, respectively. Consequently, inflation in Jordan,
Hong Kong, or the PRC will have the effect of increasing the dollar cost of our operations in Jordan, Hong Kong, or the PRC, respectively,
unless it is offset on a timely basis by a devaluation of JOD, Hong Kong dollar, or CNY, as applicable, relative to the U.S. dollar. We
cannot predict any future trends in the rate of inflation in Jordan, Hong Kong, or the PRC or the rate of devaluation of JOD, Hong Kong
dollar, or CNY, as applicable, against the U.S. dollar. In addition, we are exposed to the risk of fluctuation in the value of JOD, Hong
Kong dollar, and CNY vis-a-vis the U.S. dollar. There can be no assurance that JOD or Hong Kong dollar will remain effectively pegged
to the U.S. dollar. Any significant appreciation of JOD, Hong Kong dollar, or CNY against the U.S. dollar would cause an increase in our
JOD, Hong Kong dollar, or CNY expenses, as applicable, as recorded in our U.S. dollar denominated financial reports, even though the expenses
denominated in JOD, Hong Kong dollars, or CNY, as applicable, will remain unchanged. In addition, exchange rate fluctuations in currency
exchange rates in countries other than Jordan where we operate and do business may also negatively affect our earnings. 

We are subject to the risks of doing business
abroad. 

All of our products are manufactured outside the
United States, at our subsidiaries production facilities in Jordan. Foreign manufacturing is subject to a number of risks, including
work stoppages, transportation delays and interruptions, political instability, foreign currency fluctuations, economic disruptions, expropriation,
nationalization, the imposition of tariffs and import and export controls, changes in governmental policies (including U.S. policies towards
Jordan), and other factors, which could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we may be subject to risks associated with
the availability of and time required for the transportation of products from foreign countries. The occurrence of certain of these factors
may delay or prevent the delivery of goods ordered by customers, and such delay or inability to meet delivery requirements would have
a severe adverse impact on our results of operations and could have an adverse effect on our relationships with our customers. 

11 

Our ability to benefit from the lower labor costs
in Jordan will depend on the political, social, and economic stability of Jordan and in the Middle East in general. We cannot assure you
that the political, economic, or social situation in Jordan or in the Middle East in general will not have a material adverse effect on
our operations, especially in light of the potential for hostilities in the Middle East. The success of the production facilities also
will depend on the quality of the workmanship of laborers and our ability to maintain good relations with such laborers in these countries.
We cannot guarantee that our operations in Jordan or any new locations outside of Jordan will be cost-efficient or successful. 

Our business could suffer if we violate
labor laws or fail to conform to generally accepted labor standards or the ethical standards of our customers. 

We are subject to labor laws issued by the Jordanian
Ministry of Labor for our facilities in Jordan. In addition, many of our customers require their manufacturing suppliers to meet their
standards for working conditions and other matters. If we violate applicable labor laws or generally accepted labor standards or the ethical
standards of our customers by, for example, using forced or indentured labor or child labor, failing to pay compensation in accordance
with local law, failing to operate our factories in compliance with local safety regulations, or diverging from other labor practices
generally accepted as ethical, we could suffer a loss of sales or customers. In addition, such actions could result in negative publicity
and may damage our reputation and discourage retail customers and consumers from buying our products. 

Our products may not comply with various
industry and governmental regulations and our customers may incur losses in their products or operations as a consequence of our non-compliance. 

Our products are produced under strict supervision
and controls to ensure that all materials and manufacturing processes comply with the industry and governmental regulations governing
the markets in which these products are sold. However, if our controls fail to detect or prevent non-compliant materials from entering
the manufacturing process, our products could cause damages to our customers products or processes and could also result in fines
being incurred. The possible damages, replacement costs, and fines could significantly exceed the value of our products and these risks
may not be covered by our insurance policies. 

We depend on our suppliers for machinery
and maintenance of machinery. We may experience delays or additional costs satisfying our production requirements due to our reliance
on these suppliers. 

We purchase machinery and equipment used in our
manufacturing process from third-party suppliers. If our suppliers are not able to provide us with maintenance or additional machinery
or equipment as needed, we might not be able to maintain or increase our production to meet any demand for our products, which would negatively
impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are a holding company and rely on dividends,
distributions, and other payments, advances, and transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. 

We are a holding company that does not conduct
any business operations of our own. As a result, we rely on cash dividends and distributions and other transfers from our operating subsidiaries
to meet our obligations. The deterioration of income from, or other available assets of, our operating subsidiaries for any reason could
limit or impair their ability to pay dividends or other distributions to us, which in turn could adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. 

Periods of sustained economic adversity
and uncertainty could negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Disruptions in the financial markets, such as
what occurred in the global markets in 2008, may adversely impact the availability and cost of credit for our customers and prospective
customers, which could result in the delay or cancellation of customer purchases. In addition, disruptions in the financial markets may
have an adverse impact on regional and world economies and credit markets, which could negatively impact the availability and cost of
capital for us and our customers. These conditions may reduce the willingness or ability of our customers and prospective customers to
commit funds to purchase our services or products, or their ability to pay for our services after purchase. These conditions could result
in bankruptcy or insolvency for some customers, which would impact our revenue and cash collections. These conditions could also result
in pricing pressure and less favorable financial terms to us and our ability to access capital to fund our operations. 

12 

Risks Related to Operations in Jordan 

We are affected by conditions to, and possible
reduction of, free trade agreements. 

Because of the United States-Jordan Free Trade
Agreement and the Association Agreement between the EU and Jordan, we are able to sell our products manufactured at our facilities in
Jordan to the U.S. free from customs duties and import quotas under certain conditions and to EU countries free from customs duties. If
there is a change in such benefits or if any such agreements were terminated, our profitability may be reduced. 

Former President Donald Trump expressed antipathy
towards trade agreements, and took a starkly protectionist approach that included withdrawal and renegotiation of trade agreements and
trade wars with China and U.S. allies alike. President Joe Biden has expressed no desire to withdraw from existing agreements, presumably
indicating that his policy will be less protectionist than former President Donald Trump s. On the other hand, President Biden s
Buy American plan will make it harder for foreign manufacturers to sell goods in the U.S. and his insistence on strong labor provisions
in trade agreements will likely prevent them from being implemented or protect U.S. industries when they are. It remains unclear what
specifically President Biden would or would not do with respect to trade agreements, tariffs, and duties relating to products manufactured
in Jordan. If President Biden takes action or publicly speaks out about the need to terminate or re-negotiate existing free trade agreements
on which we rely, or in favor of restricting free trade or increasing tariffs and duties applicable to our products, such actions may
adversely affect our sales and have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Our results of operations would be materially
and adversely affected in the event we are unable to operate our principal production facilities in Jordan. 

All of our manufacturing process is performed
in a complex of production facilities located in Jordan. We have no effective back-up for these operations and, in the event that we are
unable to use the production facilities located in Jordan as a result of damage or for any other reason, our ability to manufacture a
major portion of our products and our relationships with customers could be significantly impaired, which would materially and adversely
affect our results of operation. 

Our operations in Jordan may be adversely
affected by social and political uncertainties or change, military activity, health-related risks, or acts of terrorism. 

From time to time, Jordan has experienced instances
of civil unrest, terrorism, and hostilities among neighboring countries, including Syria and Israel. A peace agreement between Israel
and Jordan was signed in 1994. Terrorist attacks, military activity, rioting, or civil or political unrest in the future could influence
the Jordanian economy and our operations by disrupting operations and communications and making travel within Jordan more difficult and
less desirable. In late May 2018, protests about a proposed tax bill began throughout Jordan. On June 5, 2018, King Abdullah II of Jordan
responded to the protests by removing and replacing Jordan s prime minister. If political uncertainty rises in Jordan, our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be negatively impacted. 

Political or social tensions also could create
a greater perception that investments in companies with Jordanian operations involve a high degree of risk, which could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. We do not have insurance for losses and interruptions caused by terrorist attacks, military conflicts,
and wars, which could subject us to significant financial losses. The realization of any of these risks could cause a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

13 

We may face interruption of production and
services due to increased security measures in response to terrorism. 

Our business depends on the free flow of products
and services through the channels of commerce. In response to terrorists activities and threats aimed at the United States, transportation,
mail, financial, and other services may be slowed or stopped altogether. Extensive delays or stoppages in transportation, mail, financial,
or other services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Furthermore, we
may experience an increase in operating costs, such as costs for transportation, insurance, and security as a result of the activities
and potential delays. We may also experience delays in receiving payments from payors that have been affected by the terrorist activities.
The United States economy in general may be adversely affected by terrorist activities and any economic downturn could adversely impact
our results of operations, impair our ability to raise capital, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 

We are subject to regulatory and political
uncertainties in Jordan. 

We conduct substantially all of our business and
operations in Jordan. Consequently, government policies and regulations, including tax policies, in Jordan will impact our financial performance
and the market price of our common stock. 

Jordan is a constitutional monarchy, but the King
holds wide executive and legislative powers. The ruling family has taken initiatives that support the economic growth of the country.
However, there is no assurance that such initiatives will be successful or will continue. The rate of economic liberalization could change,
and specific laws and policies affecting manufacturing companies, foreign investments, currency exchange rates, and other matters affecting
investments in Jordan could change as well. A significant change in Jordan s economic policy or any social or political uncertainties
that impact economic policy in Jordan could adversely affect business and economic conditions in Jordan generally and our business and
prospects. 

If we violate applicable anti-corruption
laws or our internal policies designed to ensure ethical business practices, we could face financial penalties and reputational harm that
would negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to anti-corruption and anti-bribery
laws in the United States and Jordan. Jordan s reputation for potential corruption and the challenges presented by Jordan s
complex business environment, including high levels of bureaucracy, red tape, and vague regulations, may increase our risk of violating
applicable anti-corruption laws. We face the risk that we, our employees, or any third parties such as our sales agents and distributors
that we engage to do work on our behalf may take action determined to be in violation of anti-corruption laws in any jurisdiction in which
we conduct business, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA ). Any violation of the FCPA or any similar
anti-corruption law or regulation could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil or criminal penalties, and curtailment of operations
that might harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Our stockholders may face difficulties in
protecting their interests and exercising their rights as a stockholder of ours because we conduct substantially all of our operations
in Jordan and certain of our officers and directors reside outside of the United States. 

Certain of our officers and directors reside outside
the United States. Therefore, our stockholders may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments,
or bringing original actions in any of these jurisdictions based upon U.S. laws, including the federal securities laws or other foreign
laws against us, our officers, and directors. Furthermore, we conduct substantially all of our operations in Jordan through our operating
subsidiaries. Because the majority of our assets are located outside the United States, any judgment obtained in the United States against
us or certain of our directors and officers may not be collectible within the United States. 

14 

Risk Factors Relating to our Securities 

If we fail to comply with the continuing
listing standards of the Nasdaq, our common stock could be delisted from the exchange. 

If we were unable to meet the continued listing
requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), our common stock could be delisted from the Nasdaq. Any such delisting
of our common stock could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and the efficiency of the trading market for, our common stock,
not only in terms of the number of shares that can be bought and sold at a given price, but also through delays in the timing of transactions
and less coverage of us by securities analysts, if any. Also, if in the future we were to determine that we need to seek additional equity
capital, being delisted from Nasdaq could have an adverse effect on our ability to raise capital in the public or private equity markets. 

Future sales and issuances of our common
stock or rights to purchase common stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could
cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We may issue additional securities in the future.
Pursuant to our amended and restated 2018 Stock Incentive Plan, we may issue up to 1,784,250 shares of common stock to certain members
of our management and key employees. 

Future sales and issuances of our common stock
or rights to purchase our common stock could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. We may sell common stock, convertible
securities, and other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If
we sell any such securities, our stockholders may be materially diluted. New investors in any future transactions could gain rights, preferences,
and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or reports about us, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, our stock price and
trading volume of our common stock could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will be
influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our industry, and our market. If no analyst
elects to cover us and publish research or reports about us, the market for our common stock could be severely limited and our stock price
could be adversely affected. In addition, if one or more analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we
could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. If one or more
analysts who elect to cover us issue negative reports or adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, the market
price of our common stock could decline. 

15 

The requirements of being a public company,
including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), may strain our resources, increase our costs,
and distract management, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner. 

We are required to comply with the laws, regulations,
requirements, and certain corporate governance provisions under the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Complying with these statutes,
regulations, and requirements occupies a significant amount of time of our board of directors and management, significantly increases
our costs and expenses, and makes some activities more time-consuming and costly. As a reporting company, we are: 

instituting a more comprehensive compliance function; 

preparing and distributing periodic and current reports under the federal securities laws; 

establishing and enforcing internal compliance policies, such as those related to insider trading; and 

involving and retaining outside counsel and accountants to a greater degree than before we became a reporting company. 

Our ongoing compliance efforts will increase general
and administrative expenses and may divert management s time and attention from the development of our business, which may adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

During the course of the audit of our consolidated
financial statements, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to effectively
implement and maintain our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our ability to accurately
and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud may be adversely affected, and investor confidence and the market price of our
common stock may be adversely impacted. 

We have been required to evaluate our internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act beginning with the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2019. The process of designing and implementing internal controls over financial reporting may divert our internal
resources and take a significant amount of time and expense to complete. 

In connection with the preparation and external
audit of our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we identified certain material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting and have formulated plans for remedial measures. See Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
Measures that we implement may not fully address the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and we may not
be able to conclude that the material weaknesses have been fully remedied. 

Failure to correct the material weaknesses and
other control deficiencies or failure to discover and address any other control deficiencies could result in inaccuracies in our consolidated
financial statements and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and make related regulatory
filings on a timely basis. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, as well as the trading
price of our common stock, may be materially and adversely affected. Due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting as described above, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March
31, 2023. This could adversely affect the market price of our common stock due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of
our reporting processes. 

The reduced disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors, which may lead to volatility and a decrease in the
market price of our common stock. 

For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth
company, we may take advantage of exemptions from reporting requirements that apply to other public companies that are not emerging growth
companies. Investors may find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions, which include not being required
to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If investors find our
common stock less attractive as a result of exemptions and reduced disclosure requirements, there may be a less active trading market
for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile or may decrease. 

We are currently operating in a period of
economic uncertainty and capital market disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical
tensions. 

U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility
and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. On
February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported. Although the length and impact of the ongoing
military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility
in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, and supply chain interruptions. 

16 

The military conflict in Ukraine has led to sanctions
and other penalties being levied by the United States, European Union, and other countries against Russia. Additional potential sanctions
and penalties have also been proposed and/or threatened. Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the
global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially making it more difficult
for us to obtain additional funds. In addition, in managing an organization operating globally, we are subject to the risks and challenges
related to the potential to subject our business to materially adverse consequences should the situation escalate beyond its current scope,
including, among other potential impacts, the geographic proximity of the situation relative to the Middle East, where a material portion
of our business is conducted. 

Although our business has not been materially
impacted by the ongoing military conflict between Russian and Ukraine to date, it is impossible to predict the extent to which our operations,
or those of our suppliers and manufacturers, will be impacted in the short and long term, or the ways in which the conflict may impact
our business. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions, and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but
could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described in this annual report. 

We may be adversely affected by the effects
of inflation and a potential recession. 

Inflation has the potential to adversely affect
our liquidity, business, financial condition, and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are
unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices we charge our customers. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted
in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, shipping costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor,
weakening exchange rates, and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we have experienced and may continue to experience, cost
increases. In addition, poor economic and market conditions, including a potential recession, may negatively impact market sentiment,
decreasing the demand for sportswear and outerwear, which would adversely affect our operating income and results of operations. If we
are unable to take effective measures in a timely manner to mitigate the impact of the inflation as well as a potential recession, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties . 

Jerash Garments owns an industrial building of
approximately 89,300 square feet and two pieces of land totaling approximately 181,000 square feet in Al Tajamouat Industrial City. We
lease additional space totaling approximately 448,000 square feet in industrial buildings in Al Tajamouat Industrial City. In addition,
we lease space for our workers in dormitories located inside and outside of Al Tajamouat Industrial City. 

Treasure Success leased its office space in Hong
Kong from Ever Winland pursuant to a tenancy agreement dated February 26, 2021. The tenancy agreement had a term from February 26, 2021
to February 25, 2023, with a rent in the amount of HK 119,540 (approximately 15,326) per month. On August 29, 2022, Ever Winland became
a subsidiary of Treasure Success. See Item 1. Business Organizational Structure. 

In 2015, we commenced a project to build a 4,800
square-foot workshop in the Tafilah Governorate of Jordan, which was previously intended to be used as a sewing workshop for Jerash Garments,
but which we now use as a dormitory to house management and supervisory staff who work at the factory in Al-Hasa County as discussed below.
Construction was temporarily suspended in March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic but subsequently completed and ready for use as of September
30, 2021. 

In 2018, we commenced another project to build a 54,000 square-foot
factory in Al-Hasa County in the Tafilah Governorate of Jordan, which started operation in November 2019. This project is a joint project
with the Jordanian Ministry of Labor and the Employment and Training Department in Jordan. Pursuant to the agreement between these parties
and us, we guaranteed up to JOD112,500 (approximately 159,000) for this project and agreed to employ at least 500 workers for the first
12 months following the completion of the project, which requirement we have complied with. The Ministry of Labor financed the building
of the factory and the Employment and Training Department supported 50 of the workers salaries, as well as transportation and
social security costs in the first 12 months following the completion of the project. We used the factory without paying rent through
December 2022. We have continued to use the factory without paying rent since January 2023 as new arrangements with the Jordanian Ministry
of Labor are still being made. 

17 

In April 2021, we commenced construction on a
189,000 square-foot housing facility for our multi-national workforce, situated on a 49,000 square-foot site owned by us, located in Al
Tajamouat Industrial City. We anticipate the completion of the construction and the subsequent occupancy of the new building by August
2023. To meet increasing demand, we were also finalizing plans to construct an additional project on a nearby separate 133,000 square-foot
parcel that we purchased in 2019 for 1.2 million, with 2/3 of the land allocated for the establishment of our seventh factory and 1/3
for housing purposes. We have resumed to work with engineering consultants to proceed with the architectural design of these buildings. 

On July 1, 2020, Jiangmen Treasure Success and
Jiangmen V-Apparel Manufacturing Limited entered into a factory lease agreement, which was a replacement of a previous lease agreement
dated August 31, 2019. The new lease has a one-year term with monthly rent amount of CNY28,300 (approximately 4,100) for additional office
space and sample production purposes. On April 30, 2021, the factory lease agreement between Jiangmen Treasure Success and Jiangmen V-apparel
Manufacturing Limited was terminated. 

On January 1, 2021, Jiangmen Treasure Success
entered a factory lease agreement with an independent third party. The lease has a five-year term with monthly rent amount of CNY50,245
(approximately 7,300) for the first year, CNY60,270 (approximately 8,800) for the second year, and 5 further annual increments starting
from the third year. 

On June 24, 2021, we entered into an agreement
through Jerash Garments to acquire all of the stock of an existing garment manufacturing business in order to operate our fifth manufacturing
facility in Al Tajamouat Industrial City located in Amman, Jordan. This acquisition increased Jerash s annual capacity from 12 million
pieces to 14 million pieces. The new facilities are an existing garment manufacturing operation adjacent to Jerash s four largest
manufacturing centers. Jerash assumed ownership of all of the machinery and equipment owned by MK Garments through the acquisition. 

On July 14, 2021, Jerash Garments and the sole
shareholder of Kawkab Venus entered into an agreement, pursuant to which Jerash Garments acquired all of the outstanding stock of Kawkab
Venus. Apart from the land and factory premises, Kawkab Venus had no other significant assets or liabilities and no operation activities
or employees at the time of acquisition, so the acquisition was accounted for an asset acquisition. As of August 21, 2022, Kawkab Venus
became a subsidiary of Jerash Garments. 

We believe the real property that we own and lease
is sufficient to conduct our operations as they are currently conducted. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently involved in any material
legal proceedings. From time-to-time we are, and we anticipate that we will be, involved in legal proceedings, claims, and litigation
arising in the ordinary course of our business and otherwise. The ultimate costs to resolve any such matters could have a material adverse
effect on our financial statements. We could be forced to incur material expenses with respect to these legal proceedings, and in the
event that there is an outcome in any that is adverse to us, our financial position and prospects could be harmed. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

18 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock has been traded and quoted on
the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol JRSH since May 4, 2018. Before that, our stock was not traded on any stock exchange.
As of June 27, 2023, there were 12,294,840 shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 41 stockholders of record. 

Since November 2018, the Board of Directors of
Jerash Holdings has declared a quarterly cash dividend payable to holders of its common stock. Subject to the discretion of the Board
of Directors and applicable law, we currently expect to continue declaring comparable quarterly cash dividends in the future. 

For information on securities authorized for issuance
under our existing equity compensation plan, see Item 12 under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

On June 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of Jerash
Holdings authorized a share repurchase program, under which the Company may repurchase up to 3.0 million of its outstanding shares of
common stock. The share repurchase program expired on March 31, 2023. 

Total share repurchases under the share repurchase
program for the three months ended March 31, 2023 are as follows: 

Period 
 Total number 
 of shares 
 purchased 
 Average 
 price paid 
 per share 
 Total number of shares 
 purchased as part of the 
 publicly announced 
 program 
 Approximate dollar value of 
shares still available to be 
 purchased under the program 
 (in millions) 
 
 01/01/2023 - 01/31/2023 
 - 
 - 
 156,593 
 2.2 
 
 02/01/2023 - 02/28/2023 
 29,270 
 4.74 
 185,863 
 2.1 
 
 03/01/2023 - 03/31/2023 
 53,615 
 4.82 
 239,478 
 0 
 
 Total 
 82,885 
 4.79 
 239,478 
 0 

During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and
2022, we did not have sales of unregistered securities other than those already disclosed in the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q in the
fiscal years 2023 and 2022 and current reports on Form 8-K. 

Item 6. [Reserved]. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere
in this filing. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

Seasonality of Sales 

A significant portion of our revenue is received
during the first six months of our fiscal year. The majority of our VF Corporation orders are derived from winter season fashions, the
sales of which occur in Spring and Summer and are merchandized by VF Corporation during the months of September through November. As such,
the second half of our fiscal years reflect lower sales in anticipation of the spring and summer seasons. One of our strategies is to
increase sales with other customers where clothing lines are stronger during the spring months. This strategy also reflects our current
plan to increase our number of customers to mitigate our current concentration risk with VF Corporation. 

19 

Results of Operations 

The following table presents certain information from our statements
of income and comprehensive income for fiscal 2023 and 2022 and should be read, along with all of the information in this management s
discussion and analysis, in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this filing. 

(All amounts, other than percentages, in thousands
of U.S. dollars) 

Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

As of 
 
 As of 
 Year over Year 
 
 Statement of Income Data: 
 Amount 
 Sales 
 Amount 
 Sales 
 Amount 

Revenue 
 138,063 
 100 
 143,355 
 100 
 (5,292 
 (4 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 116,273 
 84 
 116,023 
 81 
 250 
 - 
 
 Gross profit 
 21,790 
 16 
 27,332 
 19 
 (5,542 
 (20 
 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 17,375 
 13 
 16,843 
 12 
 532 
 3 
 
 Other expenses, net 
 (331 
 0 
 (45 
 0 
 (286 
 636 
 
 Net income before taxation 
 4,084 
 3 
 10,444 
 7 
 (6,360 
 (61 
 
 Income tax expense 
 1,664 
 1 
 2,524 
 2 
 (860 
 (34 
 
 Net income 
 2,420 
 2 
 7,920 
 5 
 (5,500 
 (69 

Revenue. Revenue decreased by approximately
 5.3 million, or 4 , to approximately 138.1 million in fiscal 2023 from approximately 143.4 million in fiscal 2022. This slight decrease
was mainly due to a decline in export sales to two major U.S. customers. Despite receiving orders from new customers and observing an
increase in shipments to other existing customers, these efforts were not enough to offset the shortfall in sales. 

The following table outlines the dollar amount
and percentage of total sales to our customers for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

(All amounts, other than percentages, in thousands
of U.S. dollars) 

Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2023 
 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2022 

Sales 
 
 Sales 

Amount 
 
 Amount 

VF Corporation (1) 
 82,661 
 59.9 
 96,450 
 67.3 
 
 New Balance 
 24,124 
 17.5 
 34,506 
 24.1 
 
 Jiangsu Guotai Huasheng Industrial Co (HK)., Ltd 
 9,454 
 6.8 
 3,245 
 2.3 
 
 Dynamic Design Enterprise, Inc 
 8,175 
 5.9 
 2,235 
 1.6 
 
 G-III 
 5,589 
 4.0 
 2,758 
 1.9 
 
 Classic 
 1,596 
 1.2 
 - 
 0 
 
 Soriana 
 954 
 0.7 
 1,487 
 1.0 
 
 Others 
 5,510 
 4.0 
 2,674 
 1.8 

Total 
 138,063 
 100.0 
 143,355 
 100.0 

(1) 
 A large portion of our products are sold under The North Face and Timberland brands owned by VF Corporation. 

20 

Revenue by Geographic Area 

(All amounts, other than percentages, in thousands
of U.S. dollars) 

Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 Year over Year 
 
 Region 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 

United States 
 122,318 
 89 
 136,068 
 95 
 (13,750 
 (10 
 
 Hong Kong 
 9,474 
 7 
 3,280 
 2 
 6,194 
 189 
 
 Jordan 
 4,892 
 3 
 1,950 
 1 
 2,942 
 151 
 
 Others 
 1,379 
 1 
 2,057 
 2 
 (678 
 (33 
 
 Total 
 138,063 
 100 
 143,355 
 100 
 (5,292 
 (4 

Since January 2010, all apparel manufactured in
Jordan can be exported to the U.S. without customs duty being imposed, pursuant to the United States-Jordan Free Trade Agreement entered
into in December 2001. This free trade agreement provides us with substantial competitiveness and benefit that allowed us to expand our
garment export business in the U.S. 

The decrease of approximately 10 in sales to the U.S. during fiscal
year ended March 31, 2023 was mainly attributable to the decrease in the export sales to two major customers in the U.S. due to challenges
related to inflation, which impacted customer demand for new orders. 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, aggregate
sales to Jordan, Hong Kong, and other locations, such as mainland China, increased significantly by 116 from approximately 7.3 million
to 15.7 million. This surge in sales can be attributed to receiving more orders from these regions to fill up the production capacity
released from the decrease in shipments to the aforementioned two major customers in the U.S. 

Cost of goods sold . Our cost
of goods sold experienced a slight increase of approximately 0.3 million to approximately 116.3 million in fiscal 2023 from approximately
 116.0 million in fiscal 2022, despite th e decrease in sales. As a percentage
of revenue, the cost of goods sold increased by approximately 3 percentage points to 84 in fiscal 2023 from 81 in fiscal 2022. The increase
in the cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue was primarily attributable to a lower proportion of export orders to our two major
customers in the U.S., which typically generated higher profit margin for the company. 

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we purchased
approximately 11 of our garments from one major supplier. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, we purchased approximately 20 and
11 of our garments and raw materials from two major suppliers, respectively. 

Gross profit margin . Our gross profit
margin was approximately 16 in fiscal 2023, representing a decrease by approximately 3 percentage points from 19 in fiscal 2022. The
decrease in gross profit margin was primarily influenced by a lower proportion of export orders from our two major customers in the U.S.,
which typically generated higher profit margin. 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses . 
Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased by approximately 3 from approximately 16.8 million in fiscal 2022 to approximately
 17.4 million in fiscal 2023. The increase was mainly attributable to (i) the acquisition of MK Garments, resulting in higher headcounts,
and (ii) increased travelling costs for migrant workers. 

Other expenses, net . Other
expenses, net were approximately 0.3 million in fiscal 2023 and other expenses, net was approximately 45,000 in fiscal 2022. The increase
in other expenses was primarily due to the increase in net interest expenses. 

21 

Taxation. Income tax expenses for
the fiscal 2023 were approximately 1.7 million, compared to income tax expenses of approximately 2.5 million for fiscal 2022. The effective
tax rate for fiscal 2023 increased to 40.7 , compared to 24.2 for fiscal 2022. The increase in the effective tax rate mainly resulted
from lower operating profit in Jordanian companies, operating loss in Jerash Holdings during the fiscal year, increases in the foreign
statutory tax rates, and prior year adjustments. In addition, the higher corporate income tax rate in Jordan, which increased from a combined
rate of 17 to 20 or 21 since January 1, 2023. 

Net income. Net income for fiscal
2023 decreased by 69.4 to approximately 2.4 million, compared to approximately 7.9 million for fiscal 2022. The decrease in net income
was mainly attributable to lower sales to two of our major export customers. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Jerash Holdings is a holding company incorporated
in Delaware. As a holding company, we rely on dividends and other distributions from our Jordanian and Hong Kong subsidiaries to satisfy
our liquidity requirements. Current Jordanian regulations permit our Jordanian subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of their accumulated
profits, if any, determined in accordance with Jordanian accounting standards and regulations. In addition, our Jordanian subsidiaries
are required to set aside at least 10 of their respective accumulated profits each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds. These
reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. We have relied on direct payments of expenses by our subsidiaries (which generate revenue)
to meet our obligations to date. To the extent payments are due in U.S. dollars, we have occasionally paid such amounts in JOD to an entity
controlled by our management capable of paying such amounts in U.S. dollars. Such transactions have been made at prevailing exchange rates
and have resulted in immaterial losses or gains on currency exchange but no other profit. 

As of March 31, 2023, our cash balance was approximately
 17.8 million and restricted cash was approximately 1.6 million, compared to cash of approximately 25.2 million and restricted cash
of approximately 1.4 million as of March 31, 2022. The decrease in total cash was primarily due to (i) the acquisition of Ever Winland
and Kawkab Venus for approximately 5.1 million and 2.2 million, respectively (ii) investment in the construction of a new dormitory
building and extension of one of our major factory buildings, and purchases of property, plant, and machinery, which amounted to a total
of approximately 5.8 million, (iii) dividends distribution of 2.5 million, and (iv) a share repurchase program totaling 1.2 million. 

Our current assets as of March 31, 2023 were approximately
 57.3 million, and our current liabilities were approximately 14.4 million, which resulted in a current ratio of approximately 4.0:1.
Our current assets as of March 31, 2022 were approximately 69.9 million, and our current liabilities were approximately 14.1 million,
which resulted in a current ratio of approximately 4.9:1. The decrease in current assets were primarily due to (i) reduced accounts receivable
resulting from the adoption of supply chain financing programs for two of our major customers, which shortened the payment lead time from
90 days to around 10 days, and (ii) decreased cash due to the investment in the construction of a new dormitory building, the extension
in one of our major factory buildings, and the acquisition in Ever Winland and Kawkab Venus. The primary driver in the increase in current
liabilities was the increased accounts payable due to the increase in inventory levels with credit terms from suppliers. 

We had net working capital of 42.8 million and
 55.7 million as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Based on our current operating plan, we believe that cash on hand and cash
generated from operation will be sufficient to support our working capital needs for the next 12 months from the date of this Annually
Report. 

Since May and October 2021, we have participated
in supply chain financing programs of two of our major customers, respectively. The programs allow us to receive early payments for approved
sales invoices submitted by us through the bank the customer cooperates with. For any early payments received, we are subject to an early
payment charge imposed by the customer s bank, for which the rate is London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus a
spread. The arrangement allows us to have better liquidity without the need to incur administrative charges and handling fees as in bank
financing. 

We have funded our working capital needs from
operations. Our working capital requirements are influenced by the level of our operations, the numerical and dollar volume of our sales
contracts, the progress of execution on our customer contracts, and the timing of accounts receivable collections. 

22 

Credit Facilities 

DBS Facility Letter 

Pursuant to the DBS facility letter dated January
12, 2022, DBSHK provided a bank facility of up to 5.0 million to Treasure Success. Pursuant to the agreement, DBSHK agreed to finance
cargo receipt, trust receipt, account payable financing, and certain type of import invoice financing up to an aggregate of 5.0 million,
subject to certain financial covenants. The DBSHK facility bears interest at 1.5 per annum over Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate HIBOR for HKD bills and 1.3 per annum over DBSHK s cost of funds for foreign currency bills. The facility is guaranteed by Jerash Holdings
and became available to the Company on June 17, 2022. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had nil outstanding under this DBSHK facility. 

Capital Bank of Jordan Credit Facility 

Jerash Garments recently received documents from
Capital Bank of Jordan for a credit facility of 10 million. Our board of directors has reviewed the documents and approved to enter into
the credit facility on June 1, 2023. Execution is still in process and the credit facility is not effective as of the date of this annual
report. Details of the credit facility will be provided after execution is complete and the facility is effective. 

Fiscal Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

The following table sets forth a summary of our
cash flows for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

(All amounts in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

For the fiscal years ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 10,807 
 8,963 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (13,775 
 (8,673 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (3,953 
 3,289 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 (250 
 144 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash 
 (7,171 
 3,723 
 
 Cash and restricted cash, beginning of year 
 26,583 
 22,860 
 
 Cash and restricted cash, end of year 
 19,412 
 26,583 
 
 Supplemental disclosure information 

Cash paid for interest 
 768 
 211 
 
 Income tax paid 
 1,748 
 1,762 
 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Equipment obtained by utilizing long-term deposit 
 237 
 322 
 
 Acquisition of Kawkab Venus by utilizing long-term deposit 
 500 
 - 
 
 Right of use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease obligations 
 191 
 1,022 

Operating Activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately 10.8 million
in fiscal 2023, compared to net cash provided by operating activities of approximately 9.0 million in fiscal 2022. The increase in net
cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to the following factors: 

an increase in inventory of 4.4 million during fiscal 2023, compared to an increase of 3.2 million during fiscal 2022; 

a decrease in accounts receivable of 8.8 million during fiscal 2023, compared to a decrease of 0.8 million in fiscal 2022; 

a decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 0.3 million, compared to an increase of 0.9 million in fiscal 2022; 

an increase in advance to suppliers of 0.2 million, compared to a decrease of 1.7 million in fiscal 2022; 

an increase in accounts payable of 0.9 million during fiscal 2023, compared to a decrease of 3.1 million in fiscal 2022; and 

a decrease of net income to 2.4 million during fiscal 2023 from a net income of 7.9 million in fiscal 2022. 

23 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was approximately
 13.8 million and 8.7 million for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in net cash used in investing activities was mainly
attributable to (i) the acquisition of Ever Winland and Kawkab Venus, amounting to 5.1 million and 2.2 million, respectively, (ii) 5.1
million of payments for construction in progress, including the building of a dormitory building and an extension in one of our major
factory buildings, and (iii) 0.7 million used for the acquisition of plant and machinery. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing activities was approximately 4.0 million
for fiscal 2023, mainly due to dividend payments of approximately 2.5 million and payments for a share repurchase program of approximately
 1.2 million this fiscal year. There was a net cash inflow of 3.3 million in fiscal 2022 resulting from the net proceeds of 6.3 million
in a placement completed in October 2021 and outflows of dividend payments of approximately 2.4 million and repayments of short-term
loans of approximately 0.6 million. 

Statutory Reserves 

In accordance with the corporate Law in Jordan,
Jerash Holdings subsidiaries in Jordan are required to make appropriations to certain reserve funds, based on net income determined
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of Jordan. Appropriations to the statutory reserve are required to be 10 
of net income until the reserve is equal to 100 of the entity s share capital. Jiangmen Treasure Success is required to set aside
10 of its net income as statutory surplus reserve until such reserve is equal to 50 of its registered capital. These reserves are not
available for dividend distribution. The statutory reserve was 410,847 and 379,323 as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The following table provides the amount of our
statutory reserves, the amount of restricted net assets, consolidated net assets, and the amount of restricted net assets as a percentage
of consolidated net assets, as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

(All amounts, other than percentages, in thousands
of U.S. dollars) 

As of March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Statutory Reserves 
 411 
 379 
 
 Total Restricted Net Assets 
 411 
 379 
 
 Consolidated Net Assets 
 68,234 
 69,304 
 
 Restricted Net Assets as Percentage of Consolidated Net Assets 
 0.60 
 0.55 

Total restricted net assets accounted for approximately
0.60 of our consolidated net assets as of March 31, 2023. As our subsidiaries in Jordan are only required to set aside 10 of net profits
to fund the statutory reserves, we believe the potential impact of such restricted net assets on our liquidity is limited. 

Capital Expenditures 

We had capital expenditures of approximately 13.8 million and 8.7
million in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. For the year ended March 31, 2023, our capital expenditures included investments in additional
plant and machinery, the construction of a dormitory and factory expansion, the acquisition of Kawkab Venus, and the acquisition of Ever
Winland, which totaled approximately 0.7 million, 5.1 million, 2.2 million, and 5.1 million, respectively. For the year ended March
31, 2022, payments for the construction of a dormitory and factory expansion amounted to 2.1 million, and payments for the acquisition
of all the share capital of MK Garment was 2.7 million. 

24 

In 2018, we commenced another project to build
a 54,000 square-foot factory in Al-Hasa County in the Tafilah Governorate of Jordan, which started operation in November 2019 with
approximately 240 workers. This project was constructed in conjunction with the Jordanian Ministry of Labor and the Jordanian Education
and Training Department. 

On August 7, 2019, we completed a transaction to acquire 12,340 square
meters (approximately three acres) of land in Al Tajamouat Industrial City, Jordan, from a third party to construct a dormitory for our
employees with aggregate purchase price JOD863,800 (approximately 1,218,303). Management has revised the plan to construct both dormitory
and production facilities on the land in order to capture the increasing demand for our capacity. We are conducting engineering design
and study on this project with the business growth potential bought about by the new business collaboration with Busana Apparel Group.
On February 6, 2020, we completed a transaction to acquire 4,516 square meters (approximately 48,608 square feet) of land in Al Tajamouat
Industrial City, Jordan, from a third party to construct a dormitory for our employee with aggregate purchase price JOD313,501 (approximately
 442,162). We expect to spend approximately 8.2 million in capital expenditures to build the dormitory. Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic,
management decided to put on hold the construction project in fiscal 2021 to retain financial resources to support our operations, and
also to wait and see how the global economy and customer demand recover after the outbreak. The preparation work resumed in early 2021
and construction work commenced in April 2021. The dormitory is expected to be completed and ready for use in August 2023. 

We project that there will be an aggregate of
approximately 2.6 million and 8.5 million of capital expenditures in the fiscal years ending March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively,
for further enhancement of production capacity to meet future sales growth. We expect that our capital expenditures will increase in the
future as our business continues to develop and expand. We have used cash generated from operations of our subsidiaries to fund our capital
commitments in the past and anticipate using such funds to fund capital expenditure commitments in the future. 

Off-balance Sheet Commitments and Arrangements 

We have not entered into any other financial guarantees
or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. In addition, we have not entered into any derivative contracts
that are indexed to our own shares and classified as stockholders equity, or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial
statements. 

For Management s Discussion and Analysis
of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022,
filed with the SEC on June 27, 2022. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We prepare our financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted by the United States of America, which require us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions
that affect our reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and any related disclosures. Although there were
no material changes made to the accounting estimates and assumptions in the past two years, we continually evaluate these estimates and
assumptions based on the most recently available information, our own historical experience, and various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances. Since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual
results could differ from our expectations as a result of changes in our estimates. 

We believe that certain accounting policies involve
a higher degree of judgment and complexity in their application and require us to make significant accounting estimates. The policies
that we believe are the most critical to understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations are
summarized in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to our audited financial statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 3 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
in the notes to our audited financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

25 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

JERASH HOLDINGS (US), INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Marcum LLP, PCAOB ID # F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Friedman LLP, PCAOB ID # F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Fiscal Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 F-25 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

Stockholders of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. (the Company as of March 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive
income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March
31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016 (such date
takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP by effective September 1, 2022). 

June 28, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

Stockholders of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. (the Company as of March 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2022, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
year ended March 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on
our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor from 2016 to 2022. 

June 27, 2022 

F- 3 

JERASH HOLDINGS (US), INC., 

AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Bills receivable 
 
 -

Tax recoverable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Investment deposits 
 -

Advance to suppliers, net 

Total Current Assets 

Restricted cash non-current 

Long-term deposits 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Right of use assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Credit facilities 
 -
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable current 

Other payables 

Deferred revenue 
 
 -

Amount due to a related party 
 -

Operating lease liabilities current 

Total Current Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities non-current 

Income tax payable non-current 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 15) 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, and none shares as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 
 -

Statutory reserve 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) gain 

Total Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

JERASH HOLDINGS (US), INC., 

AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenue, net 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross Profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Stock-based compensation expenses 

Total Operating Expenses 

Income from Operations 

Other Income (Expenses): 

Interest expenses 

Other income, net 

Total other expenses, net 

Net income before provision for income taxes 

Income tax expenses 

Net Income 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): 

Foreign currency translation (loss) income 

Comprehensive Income Attributable to Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. s Common Stockholders 

Earnings Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders: 

Basic and diluted

Weighted Average Number of Shares 

Basic 

Diluted 

Dividend per share 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

JERASH HOLDINGS (US),
INC., 

AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury 
 Statutory 
 Retained 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Stock 
 Reserve 
 Earnings 
 Gain (Loss) 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at March 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock-based compensation expense for the restricted stock units issued under stock incentive plan 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cashless exercise of warrants 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issued net of stock issuance costs of 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Dividend payments 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Statutory Reserve 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Foreign currency translation gain 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at March 31, 2022 
 - 
 -

-

Balance at March 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock-based compensation expense for the restricted stock units issued under stock incentive plan 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stocks upon vesting of restricted stock units 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Share repurchase 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Dividend payments 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Statutory Reserve 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Foreign currency translation loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at March 31, 2023 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

JERASH HOLDINGS (US), INC., 

AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation
 expenses 

Bad debt expense 
 - 

Amortization of operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Changes in operating assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Bills receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other
 current assets 

Advance to suppliers 

Deferred tax assets 

Changes in operating liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other payables 

Deferred revenue 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 

Income tax payable, net
 of recovery 

Net cash provided by
 operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES 

Purchases of property,
 plant and equipment 

Payments for construction
 of properties 

Acquisition of MK Garments 
 - 

Acquisition of Ever Winland 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of Kawkab Venus 

Payment for long-term deposits 

Net cash used in investing
 activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES 

Dividend payment 

Share repurchase 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment from short-term
 loan 

Repayment to a related
 party 

Proceeds from short-term
 loan 
 
 - 
 
 Net proceeds from issuance
 of common stock 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided
 by financing activities 

EFFECT
 OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH 

NET
 (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH,
 AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 

CASH,
 AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF THE YEAR 

CASH, AND RESTRICTED CASH,
 END OF THE YEAR 

LESS: NON-CURRENT RESTRICTED
 CASH 

CASH, END OF THE YEAR 

Supplemental
 disclosure information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Income tax paid 

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities 

Equipment obtained by utilizing
 long-term deposit 

Acquisition of Kawbab Venus
 by utilizing long-term deposit 
 
 - 
 
 Right of use assets obtained
 in exchange for operating lease obligations 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

JERASH HOLDINGS (US), INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Jordanian Dinar JOD (approximately US ). 

Jerash for Industrial Embroidery Company Jerash
Embroidery and Chinese Garments and Fashions Manufacturing Company Limited Chinese Garments were both established
in Amman, Jordan, as limited liability companies on March 11, 2013 and June 13, 2013, respectively, each with a declared capital of JOD
 . Jerash Embroidery and Chinese Garments are wholly owned subsidiaries of Jerash Garments. 

Al-Mutafaweq Co. for Garments Manufacturing Ltd. Paramount is a contract garment manufacturer that was established in Amman, Jordan, as a limited liability company on
October 24, 2004 with a declared capital of JOD . On December 11, 2018, Jerash Garments and the sole shareholder of Paramount entered
into an agreement pursuant to which Jerash Garments acquired all of the outstanding shares of stock of Paramount. Jerash Garments assumed
ownership of all of the machinery and equipment owned by Paramount. Paramount had no other significant assets or liabilities and no operating
activities or employees at the time of this acquisition, so this transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition. As of June 18,
2019, Paramount became a subsidiary of Jerash Garments. 

Jerash The First for Medical Supplies Manufacturing
Company Limited Jerash The First was established in Amman, Jordan, as a limited liability company on July 6, 2020, with
a registered capital of JOD . Jerash The First is engaged in the production of medical supplies in Jordan and is a wholly owned
subsidiary of Jerash Garments. 

Mustafa and Kamal Ashraf Trading Company (Jordan)
for the Manufacture of Ready-Make Clothes LLC MK Garments is a garment manufacturer that was established in Amman, Jordan,
as a limited liability company on January 23, 2003 with a declared capital of JOD . On June 24, 2021, Jerash Garments and the sole
shareholder of MK Garments entered into an agreement, pursuant to which Jerash Garments acquired all of the outstanding stock of MK Garments.
As of October 7, 2021, MK Garments became a subsidiary of Jerash Garments. 

Kawkab Venus Dowalyah Lisenaet Albesah Kawkab
Venus was established in Amman, Jordan, as a limited liability company on January 15, 2015 with a declared capital of JOD .
It holds land with factory premises, which are leased to MK Garments. On July 14, 2021, Jerash Garments and the sole shareholder of Kawkab
Venus entered into an agreement, pursuant to which Jerash Garments acquired all of the outstanding stock of Kawkab Venus. Apart from the
land and factory premises, Kawkab Venus had no other significant assets or liabilities and no operation activities or employees at the
time of acquisition, so the acquisition was accounted for an asset acquisition. As of August 21, 2022, Kawkab Venus became a subsidiary
of Jerash Garments. 

Treasure Success International Limited Treasure
Success was organized on July 5, 2016 in Hong Kong, the People s Republic of China China ), as a limited liability
company for the primary purpose of employing staff from China to support Jerash Garments operations and is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Jerash Holdings. 

Ever Winland Limited Ever Winland was organized in Hong Kong, China, as a limited liability company. It holds office premises, which are leased to Treasure Success. On
June 22, 2022, Treasure Success and the shareholders of Ever Winland entered into an agreement, pursuant to which Treasure Success acquired
all of the outstanding stock of Ever Winland. Apart from the office premises used by Treasure Success, Ever Winland had no other significant
assets or liabilities and no operating activities or employees at the time of this acquisition, so this transaction was accounted for
as an asset acquisition. As of August 29, 2022, Ever Winland became a subsidiary of Treasure Success. 

F- 8 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS (CONTINUED) 

million Hong Kong Dollars HKD (approximately million)
to provide support in sales and marketing, sample development, merchandising, procurement, and other areas. Treasure Success owns 
of the equity interests in Jiangmen Treasure Success. 

Jerash Supplies, LLC Jerash Supplies was formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 20, 2020. Jerash Supplies is engaged in the trading of personal protective
equipment products and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jerash Holdings. 

The Company is engaged primarily in the manufacturing
and exporting of customized, ready-made sportwear and outerwear and personal protective equipment PPE produced in its
facilities in Jordan and sold in the United States, Jordan, and other countries. 

F- 9 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Property and buildings 
 
 - years 
 
 Equipment and machinery 
 
 - years 
 
 Office and electronic equipment 
 
 - years 
 
 Automobiles 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

F- 10 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or in interim periods if indicators of potential
impairment exist, based on the one reporting unit. The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether
it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. When performing the quantitative impairment test, the Company compares
the fair value of its only reporting unit with the carrying amounts. The Company would recognize an impairment charge for the amount by
which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit s fair value. The Company concluded that no impairment of its goodwill occurred
for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

F- 11 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

and nil as of March 31, 2023 and 2022.
For the fiscal years ended March 31 2023 and 2022, there was no revenue recognized from performance obligations related to prior periods.
As of March 31, 2023, deferred revenue was expected to be recognized within fiscal 2024. 

and nil receipts in advance from a customer. The Company recorded the receipts in advance as deferred revenue on the consolidated balance
sheet as of March 31, 2023. These advances arose from early settlements from a customer s supply chain program that arranged for
payments in accordance to estimated shipment dates before March 31, 2023 while the actual shipments dates were after the fiscal year end. 

and for the
fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

F- 12 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Income and Sales Taxes (continued) 

on purchases. Jerash Garments was granted a sales tax exemption from the Jordanian Investment Commission for
the period from June 1, 2015 to June 1, 2018 that allowed Jerash Garments to make purchases with no sales tax charge. The exemption has
been extended to February 5, 2024. 

likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement
are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company has elected to classify interest and penalties related
to unrecognized tax benefits, if and when required, as part of income tax expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.
No significant uncertainty in tax positions relating to income taxes were incurred during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

US 1=JOD 

US 1=HKD 
 
 US 1=HKD 

US 1=CNY 
 
 US 1=CNY 
 
 Average rate 
 
 US 1=JOD 
 
 US 1=JOD 

US 1=HKD 
 
 US 1=HKD 

US 1=CNY 
 
 US 1=CNY 

F- 13 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

F- 14 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

and of the Company s cash was on deposit at financial institutions in Jordan, where there currently is no rule or regulation
requiring such financial institutions to maintain insurance to cover bank deposits in the event of bank failure. As of March 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively, and of the Company s cash was on deposit at financial institutions in China. Cash maintained
in banks within China of less than CNY million (equivalent to per bank are covered by deposit insurance regulation 
promulgated by the State Council of the People s Republic of China. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and
 of the Company s cash was on deposit at financial institutions in Hong Kong, which are insured by the Hong Kong Deposit
Protection Board subject to certain limitations. While management believes that these financial institutions are of high credit quality,
it also continually monitors their credit worthiness. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and of the Company s
cash was on deposit in the United States and are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to . 

and , and and of
the Company s total revenue, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, four end-customer accounts for , , , and , respectively,
of the Company s total accounts receivable balance. As of March 31, 2022, one end-customer accounted for of the Company s
total accounts receivable balance. 

F- 15 

NOTE 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

of its garments from one major supplier. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the Company purchased
approximately and of its garments from two major suppliers, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, accounts payable to the Company s
one major supplier accounted for of the total accounts payable balance. As of March 31, 2022, accounts payable to the Company s
three major suppliers accounted for , , and of the total accounts payable balance, respectively. 

F- 16 

Less: allowances for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

Work-in-progress 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had
 nil inventory valuation reserve as the Company arranged its inventory based on and with actual orders received, respectively.
 and of inventories held on hand were associated with unfulfilled sales orders, respectively. 

Less: allowances for doubtful accounts 
 -
 
 -

Advance to suppliers, net 

operating leases for manufacturing
facilities and offices. Some leases include one or more options to renew, which is typically at the Company s sole discretion. The
Company regularly evaluates the renewal options, and, when it is reasonably certain of exercise, it will include the renewal period in
its lease term. New lease modifications result in measurement of the right of use ROU assets and lease liability. The
Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. ROU assets and
related lease obligations are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over the lease term. 

All of the Company s leases are classified as operating leases
and primarily include office space and manufacturing facilities. 

F- 17 

NOTE 7 LEASES (CONTINUED) 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Operating lease liabilities non-current 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The weighted average remaining lease terms and
discount rates for all of operating leases were as follows as of March 31, 2023: 

Weighted average discount rate 

During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and
2022, the Company incurred total operating lease expenses of and , respectively. 

The following is a schedule, by fiscal years, of maturities of lease
liabilities as of March 31, 2023: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Less: prepayments 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Property and buildings (3) 

Equipment and machinery 

Office and electric equipment 

Automobiles 

Leasehold improvements 

Subtotal 

Construction in progress (1)(2) 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 

(approximately and the entire balance was recorded as construction in
progress. The estimated construction cost is revised to approximately JOD (approximately million). The project is expected
to be completed and ready to use in fiscal 2024. 

F- 18 

NOTE 8 PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT, NET (CONTINUED) 

square meters (approximately square feet) in Al Tajamouat
Industrial City, Jordan, which was acquired by the Company in 2020. The dormitory is expected to cost million. Through March 31,
2023, the Company had spent approximately JOD million (approximately million) for the construction. The dormitory is expected
to be completed and ready for use in fiscal 2024. 

million (approximately million), which are classified as property
and buildings. Kawkab Venus holds land with factory premises, which are classified as land and property and buildings of approximately
 and approximately million, respectively. Ever Winland and Kawkab Venus only contain fixed assets (buildings and land) and
neither of these two entities have any other assets or liabilities, operations, or employees as of the acquisition date, so the acquisitions
of Ever Winland and Kawkab Venus were accounted as asset acquisitions. 

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
depreciation expenses were and , respectively. 

shares of preferred stock,
par value of per share, authorized; none were issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. The preferred stock can be
issued by the Board of Directors of Jerash Holdings (the Board of Directors in one or more classes or one or more series
within any class, and such classes or series shall have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations,
preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of such rights as the Board of Directors may determine from time to
time. 

Common Stock 

The Company had and shares
of common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

On June 24, 2021, the Board of Directors approved
the grant of Restricted Stock Units RSUs under the Plan to 32 executive officers and employees of the Company,
with a one-year vesting period. All RSUs were vested and additional shares were issued on June 30, 2022. 

On June 13, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized
a share repurchase program, under which the Company may repurchase up to million of its outstanding shares of common stock. The share
repurchase program was effective through March 31, 2023. As of March 31, 2023, shares had been repurchased at market rate with
a total consideration of . 

Statutory Reserve 

In accordance with the Corporate Law in Jordan,
Jerash Garments, Jerash Embroidery, Chinese Garments, Paramount, Jerash The First, and MK Garments and Kawkab Venus are required to make
appropriations to certain reserve funds, based on net income determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of
Jordan. The statutory reserves are not distributable in the form of cash dividends to the Company and can be used to
make up cumulative prior-year losses. 

Dividends 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the
Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share of common stock on February 3, 2023, November 4, 2022, August 5, 2022,
and May 16, 2022, respectively. The cash dividends of , , , and were paid in full on February 21, 2023,
November 28, 2022, August 24, 2022, and June 3, 2022, respectively. 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, the
Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share of common stock on February 4, 2022, November 2, 2021, August 5, 2021,
and May 14, 2021, respectively. The cash dividends of , , , and were paid in full on February 22, 2022,
November 29, 2021, August 24, 2021, and June 2, 2021, respectively. 

F- 19 

; risk-free interest rate is to ; and the expected
volatility is to . For fiscal 2023, warrants expired. There were warrants outstanding as of March 31, 2023 with
a weighted average exercise price of . All of the outstanding warrants were fully vested and exercisable as of March 31, 2023 and
2022. The remaining warrants expired on . 

All stock warrants activities are summarized as follows: 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Expired 

Stock warrants outstanding at March 31, 2023 

Stock Options 

On March 21, 2018, the Board of Directors adopted
the Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), pursuant to which the Company may grant various types
of equity awards. shares of common stock of the Company were reserved for issuance under the Plan. In addition, on July 19,
2019, the Board of Directors approved an amendment and restatement of the Plan, which was approved by the Company s stockholders
at its annual meeting of stockholders on September 16, 2019. The amended and restated Plan increased the number of shares reserved for
issuance under the Plan by , to , among other changes. On March 31, 2023, the Company had of shares remaining available
for future issuance under the Plan. 

On April 9, 2018, the Board of Directors approved
the issuance of nonqualified stock options under the Plan to 13 executive officers and employees of the Company in accordance
with the Plan at an exercise price of per share, and a term of . The fair value of these options was estimated as of the
grant date using the Black-Scholes model with the major assumptions that expected terms are ; risk-free interest rate is ;
and the expected volatility is . 

On August 3, 2018, the Board of Directors granted
the Company s then Chief Financial Officer and Head of U.S. Operations a total of nonqualified stock options under the Plan
in accordance with the Plan at an exercise price of per share and a term of years. The fair value of these options was estimated
as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes model with the major assumptions that the expected terms are years; risk-free interest
rate is ; and the expected volatility is . 

On November 27, 2019, the Board of Directors granted
the Company s Chief Financial Officer nonqualified stock options under the amended and restated Plan in accordance with the
amended and restated Plan at an exercise price of per share and a term of years. All these outstanding options became fully vested
and exercisable in May 2020. The fair value of the options was estimated as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes model with the major
assumptions of the expected term of years; risk-free interest rate of ; expected volatility of ; and dividend yield of . 

All these outstanding options were fully vested and exercisable. As
of March 31, 2023, there were stock options outstanding. The weighted average remaining life of the options is within . 

All stock option activities are summarized as
follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Stock options outstanding at March 31, 2023 

F- 20 

NOTE 10 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (CONTINUED) 

RSUs under the Plan to 32 executive officers and employees of the Company, with a one-year vesting period. The fair
value of these RSUs on June 24, 2021 was , based on the market price of the Company s common stock as of the date of the
grant. On June 30, 2022, all RSUs were vested. 

On February 9, 2023, the Board of Directors approved the grant of 
RSUs under the Plan to 37 executive officers and employees of the Company, with a two-year vesting period. The fair value of these RSUs
on February 15, 2023 was , based on the market price of the Company s common stock as of the date of the grant. As of
March 31, 2023, there were unrecognized stock-based compensation expenses to be recognized in the future. RSUs were forfeited
during the fiscal year and RSUs remained as of March 31, 2023. 

Total expenses related to the RSU issued were
 and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Multi-Glory Corporation Limited Multi-Glory 

Jiangmen V-Apparel Manufacturing Limited 

Victory Apparel (Jordan) Manufacturing Company Limited Victory Apparel 

a. Related party lease and purchases
agreement 

On July 1, 2020, Jiangmen Treasure Success and Jiangmen V-Apparel Manufacturing
Limited entered into a factory lease agreement for office and sample production purposes in Jiangmen, China from Jiangmen V-Apparel Manufacturing
Limited for a monthly rent in the amount of CNY (approximately ). The lease had a one-year term and could be renewed with
a one-month notice. On April 30, 2021, the factory lease agreement between Jiangmen Treasure Success and Jiangmen V-apparel Manufacturing
Limited was terminated. 

b. Consulting agreements 

On January 12, 2018, Treasure Success and Yukwise
entered into a consulting agreement, pursuant to which Mr. Choi will serve as Chief Executive Officer and provide high-level advisory
and general management services for per annum. The agreement renews automatically for one-month terms. This agreement became
effective as of January 1, 2018. Total consulting fees under this agreement were for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and
2022. 

On January 16, 2018, Treasure Success and Multi-Glory
entered into a consulting agreement, pursuant to which Multi-Glory will provide high-level advisory, marketing, and sales services to
the Company for per annum. The agreement renews automatically for one-month terms. The agreement became effective as of January
1, 2018. Total consulting fees under this agreement were for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

c. Borrowings from a related party 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had outstanding balances
due to Victory Apparel of nil and , respectively. These advances were non-interest bearing and due on demand. The outstanding
balance as of March 31, 2022 was repaid in the first quarter of fiscal 2023. 

F- 21 

million to Treasure Success pursuant to a facility
letter dated June 15, 2018. Pursuant to the agreement, SCBHK agreed to finance import invoice financing and pre-shipment financing of
export orders up to an aggregate of million. The SCBHK facility bears interest at per annum over SCBHK s cost of funds.
As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had nil outstanding amount in import invoice financing under the SCBHK facility. In June 2022,
the Company was informed by SCBHK that the facility was cancelled due to persistently low usage and loan outstanding. 

Starting from May and October 2021, the Company
has participated in a financing program with customers, in which the Company may receive early payments for approved sales invoices
submitted by the Company through the bank the customer cooperates with. For any early payments received, the Company is subject to an
early payment charge imposed by the customer s bank, for which the rate is based on London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus a spread. In certain scenarios, the Company submits the sales invoice and receives payments prior to the shipment of the relative
products. In that case, instead of recording the cash receipts as a reduction to accounts receivables, the Company records the cash receipts
as receipts in advance from a customer until products are entitled to transfer. The Company records the early payment charge in interest
expenses on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the early payment charge
was and , respectively. 

On January 12, 2022, DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited DBSHK offered to provide a banking facility of up to million to Treasure Success pursuant to a facility letter dated January 12, 2022.
Pursuant to the facility, DBSHK agreed to finance cargo receipt, trust receipt, account payable financing, and certain type of import
invoice financing up to an aggregate of million, with certain financial covenants. The DBSHK facility bears interest at per
annum over Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate HIBOR for HKD bills and per annum over DBSHK s cost of funds for
foreign currency bills. The facility is guaranteed by Jerash Holdings and became available to the Company on June 17, 2022. 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the
Company had nil outstanding amount under the DBSHK facility. The DBSHK facility is reviewed annually. 

RSUs, warrants, and stock options
were outstanding. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, and warrants and stock options were excluded
from the EPS calculation, respectively, as they were anti-dilutive. 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic earnings per share (weighted-average shares) 

Dilutive securities unexercised warrants and options 

Denominator for diluted earnings per share (adjusted weighted-average shares) 

Basic and diluted earnings per share

and 
of total revenue. Based on management s assessment, the Company has determined that it has only one operating segment as defined
by ASC 280. 

F- 22 

NOTE 14 SEGMENT REPORTING (CONTINUED) 

Hong Kong 

Jordan 

Others 

Total 

and of long-lived assets were located
in Jordan and Hong Kong, respectively, as of March 31, 2023. 

million (approximately ). On December 9, 2020, shareholders of Jiangmen Treasure Success approved to increase
its registered capital to HKD million (approximately million). The Company s subsidiary, Treasure Success, as a shareholder
of Jiangmen Treasure Success, is required to contribute HKD million (approximately million) as paid-in capital in exchange for
 ownership interest in Jiangmen Treasure Success. As of March 31, 2023, Treasure Success had made capital contribution of HKD million
(approximately million). Pursuant to the articles of incorporation of Jiangmen Treasure Success, Treasure Success is required to
complete the remaining capital contribution before December 31, 2029 as Treasure Success available funds permit. 

Contingencies 

From time to time, the Company is a party to various
legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company accrues costs associated with these matters when they become probable
and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Legal costs incurred in connection with loss contingencies are expensed as incurred. The Company s
management does not expect any liability from the disposition of such claims and litigation individually or in the aggregate would not
have a material adverse impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act (the Tax Act was enacted. The Tax Act imposed tax on previously untaxed accumulated earnings and profits E P of foreign subsidiaries (the Toll Charge ). The Toll Charge is based in part of the amount of E P held in cash and other
specific assets as of December 31, 2017. The Toll Charge can be paid over an eight-year period, starting in 2018, and will not accrue
interest. Additionally, under the provisions of the Tax Act, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, the foreign earnings
of Jerash Garments and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. taxation at the Jerash Holdings level under the new Global Intangible Low-Taxed
Income GILTI regime. 

F- 23 

NOTE 16 INCOME TAX (CONTINUED) 

Income tax payable non-current 

The provision for income taxes consisted of the
following: 

Foreign 

Total 

U.S. state and local 

Foreign 

Total Current Tax 

Deferred tax: 

U.S. federal 

() 
 
 Total deferred tax 

() 
 
 Total tax 

Effective tax rates 

A reconciliation of the effective tax rate was as follows: 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Non-deductible expenses 

Non-taxable income 

Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income 

Tax Credits 

Foreign tax rate differential 

Valuation Allowance 

Provision to return adjustments 

Total 

F- 24 

NOTE 16 INCOME TAX (CONTINUED) 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net operating losses carried forward 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is
considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022,
the allowance for deferred tax assets was nil . 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company had cumulative book-tax basis differences
in its foreign subsidiaries of approximately million. The Company has not recorded a U.S. deferred tax liability for the book-tax
basis in its foreign subsidiaries as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S.
federal jurisdiction, and various states and foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal,
state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to April 1, 2016. 

per share, payable on June 9, 2023, to stockholders of record as of the close of business as of June
2, 2023. 

J B International Limited J B is a joint venture company established in Hong Kong on January 10, 2023. On March 20, 2023, Treasure Success and P. T. Eratex (Hong Kong)
Limited entered into a Joint Venture and Shareholders Agreement, pursuant to which Treasure Success acquired of the equity
interests in J B on April 11, 2023. J B engages in the garment trading and manufacturing business for orders from customers. 

Jerash Garments recently received documents from
Capital Bank of Jordan for a credit facility of million. Our board of directors has reviewed the documents and approved to enter into
the credit facility on June 1, 2023. Execution is still in process and the credit facility has not been effective as of the date of this
annual report. 

F- 25 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

There has been no change in independent accountants
for our Company during the two most recent fiscal years or any subsequent interim period except as previously reported in our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022. There have been no disagreements of the type required to be disclosed by
Item 304(b) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rule 15d-15(e)) are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive
officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of March 31, 2023, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of that date due to certain material
control weaknesses, including: 

- We failed to maintain effective controls over period-end
financial reporting, specifically related to income taxes and the reconciliation of account level balances that resulted in errors; and 

- There were ineffective information technology general controls
in the areas of privileged user access and the review of user access over certain information technology systems that support our financial
reporting processes. 

We have formulated plans to address the above
weaknesses by: 

- improving multi-level checking and documentation of account
level balance reconciliation; 

- working with external professional consultants to strengthen
our work and review on U.S. tax issues; and 

- rolling out a password control mechanism to exercise control
and checking on the work of the privileged user access for all information technology systems supporting our financial reporting processes. 

We will implement the above initiatives as soon
as practicable to address the identified weaknesses. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management s annual report on internal
control over financial reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our
financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

26 

Our management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), has assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth
in the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) . 

Based on the assessment using those criteria,
management concluded that, as of March 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to certain material
control weaknesses, including: 

- We failed to maintain effective controls over period-end
financial reporting, specifically related to income taxes and the reconciliation of account level balances that resulted in errors; and 

- There were ineffective information technology general controls
in the areas of privileged user access and the review of user access over certain information technology systems that support our financial
reporting processes. 

We have formulated plans to address the above
weaknesses by: 

- improving the checking and documentation of account level
balance reconciliation; 

- working with external professional consultant to strengthen
our work and review on US tax issues; and 

- rolling out a password control mechanism to exercise control
and checking on the work of the privileged user access for all information technology systems supporting our financial reporting processes. 

We will implement the above initiatives will as
soon as practicable to address the identified weaknesses. 

Attestation report of the registered public
accounting firm. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Our management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as the term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

27 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

In response to this Item, the information set
forth in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed within 120
days following the end of our fiscal year, under the headings Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors, Our Executive
Officers, Section 16(a) Compliance, and Corporate Governance Practices and Policies is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

In response to this Item, the information set
forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Executive Compensation and Corporate Governance Practices and
Policies is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table provides information regarding
shares outstanding and available for issuance under our existing equity compensation plans as of June 27, 2023. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 150,000 
 6.25 
 1,029,150 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 150,000 
 6.25 
 1,029,150 

For additional information concerning our equity
compensation plans, see the discussion in Note 10 Stock-Based Compensation. 

The remainder of the information required by this
Item is set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Executive Compensation Equity Compensation Plan Information 
and Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

In response to this Item, the information set
forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate
Governance Practices and Policies Board and Committee Independence is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

In response to this Item, the information set
forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement under the heading Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm Matters Relating to the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is incorporated herein by reference. 

28 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) Financial Statements 

We have filed the financial statements in Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(b) Exhibits 

The following is a list of all exhibits filed
or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Location 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1, filed with the SEC on September 19, 2018 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 24, 2019 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Certificate for Common Stock 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form S-1, filed with the SEC on June 27, 2017 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on June 28, 2019 

10.1+ 
 
 Unified Work Contract for Migrant Workers, dated May 1, 2023, by and between Jerash Garments and Fashions Manufacturing Company Limited and Wei Yang 
 
 File herewith 

10.2+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated January 12, 2018, by and between Treasure Success and Yukwise Limited 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 16, 2018 

10.3+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated January 16, 2018, by and between Treasure Success and Multi-Glory Corporation Ltd. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Form S-1, filed with the SEC on January 18, 2018 

10.4+ 
 
 Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 19, 2019 

10.5+ 
 
 Form of Option Award Notice and Agreement (Employee) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2018 

10.6+ 
 
 Form of Option Award Notice and Agreement (Consultant) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 23, 2018 

29 

10.7+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated November 27, 2019 by and between Jerash Holdings and Gilbert K. Lee 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 2, 2019 

10.8 
 
 Director Offer Letter dated June 15, 2020 by and between Jerash Holdings and Bill Korn 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 15, 2020 

10.9+ 
 
 Option Award Agreement dated November 27, 2019 by and between Jerash Holdings and Gilbert K. Lee 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 2, 2019 

10.10+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 15, 2020 

10.11 
 
 Factory Lease Agreement dated January 1, 2021 between Jiangmen Treasure Success and Guangdong Huadian Technology Industry Co., Ltd. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021 

10.12+ 
 
 Letter of Employment dated April 22, 2022 between Treasure Success and Choi Lin Hung 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2022 

10.13+ 
 
 Letter of Employment dated April 22, 2022 between Treasure Success and Ng Tsze Lun 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2022 

10.14 
 
 Facility Letter dated January 12, 2022 by and between Treasure Success and DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on June 27, 2022 

10.15 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated June 22, 2022 by and between Treasure Success and Wong Bing Lun and Chow Lai Ming 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on June 27, 2022 

10.16+ 
 
 Joint Venture and Shareholder s Agreement dated March 20, 2023 by and between Treasure Success and P.T. Eratex 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2023 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on June 29, 2020 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. 
 
 Filed herewith 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 
 Filed herewith 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Friedman LLP 
 
 Filed herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 

30 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished herewith 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished herewith 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 Filed herewith 

+ 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement. 

In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release No. 34-47986, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 herewith are deemed to accompany this Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

JERASH HOLDINGS (US), INC. 

Date: June 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Gilbert K. Lee 

Name: 
 Gilbert K. Lee 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
below on June 28, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Choi Lin Hung 
 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Treasurer 
 
 Choi Lin Hung 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Gilbert K. Lee 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and 
 
 Gilbert K. Lee 
 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Wei Yang 
 
 Vice President, Secretary, and Director 
 
 Wei Yang 

/s/ Bill Korn 
 
 Director 
 
 Bill Korn 

/s/ Ibrahim H. Saif 
 
 Director 
 
 Ibrahim H. Saif 

/s/ Mak Chi Yan 
 
 Director 
 
 Mak Chi Yan 

32 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 f10k2023ex10-1_jerash.htm
 UNIFIED WORK CONTRACT FOR MIGRANT WORKERS, DATED MAY 1, 2023, BY AND BETWEEN JERASH GARMENTS AND FASHIONS MANUFACTURING COMPANY LIMITED AND WEI YANG

Exhibit 10.1 

Unified Work Contract for Migrant Workers 

Jordan Garments, Accessories Textiles Exporters
Association 

 Association of Owners of Factories, Workshops and
Garments 

 General Trade Union of Workers in Textile, Garment
and Clothing Industry 

First Party 

Employer: 
 Jerash Garments Fashions Manufacturing Co. Ltd 
 
 Represented by Mr. / Ms.: 
 Ala a Nawaf Awaisheh 
 
 Address: 
 Al-Tajamouat Industrial Estate 
 
 Telephone: 
 [ ] 

Second Party 

Employee: 
 Wei Yang 
 
 Date of Birth (Day/ Month/ Year) : 
 1 Oct 1982 
 
 Nationality: 
 Chinese 
 
 Passport number: 
 [ ] 
 
 Address: 
 Abdun -Amman 
 
 Telephone: 
 [ ] 

The two parties have agreed under this contract that the Second Party
(hereinafter referred to as worker shall work for the First Party (hereinafter referred to as employer under
the supervision and management of the First Party for a wage in accordance with the following terms and conditions: 

1. Drafting of Contract 

This contract has been drafted in
_______ Arabic and in selected by the worker as a language that he understands and in three original copies signed by the two
parties. Each party shall keep a copy of the contract. A copy shall also be kept with the Ministry of Labor for the purposes of
issuing a work permit. 

2. Term of Contract 

The two parties have agreed that the term of this contract shall be
3 years during which work permits shall be issued in accordance with the procedures in place at the Ministry of Labor. The term of the
contract shall commence as of the date of the arrival of the worker in the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan (hereinafter referred to as Jordan ).
The employer, at his own expense, shall complete the legal requirements, including the issuance of a residency permit and a work permit
for the worker. 

3. Type and Place of Work 

A. The worker shall be employed in the profession of Administration. The worker shall undertake to perform his duties and responsibilities according to the nature of his work and under the supervision and management of the employer or someone on his behalf. 

B. The main location of work of the worker shall be at the enterprise of the employer in the area of Amman. The employer may relocate the worker to other branches of the enterprise within Jordan provided that the worker is informed in writing of the relocation decision one week prior to the relocation and that this shall not affect his financial entitlements. 

4. Employment and Travel Arrangements 

A. The employer shall undertake to complete the conditions of employment and travel arrangements without the worker incurring any fee or expenses except the official expenses that he incurs in his home country in accordance with the laws there. The worker shall confirm his knowledge that he is not obliged to pay any fee to any entity except the official expenses in his home country. 

B. The employer shall: 

1. Receive the worker at the place of his arrival in Jordan and transport him from the place of arrival to the place of work free of charge. 

2. Provide the worker with an air travel ticket from his home country to Jordan upon recruitment and another free air travel ticket to his home country upon the end of the work relationship while taking into consideration Paragraph 3 below of this clause. 

3. Taking into consideration the provisions of Article 29 of the Labor Law, if the worker terminates the work relationship before completing the term of the contract, the employer shall not cover the full cost of the air travel ticket from Jordan to the home country of the worker. In this case, the employer shall cover a percentage of the cost of the air travel ticket equivalent to the period in which the worker spent of the total term of the work contract. 

2 

5. Wage and Working Hours/Obligations of Employer 

In return for the work performed by the worker, the employer shall
fulfill the following obligations and provide the following benefits: 

A. Monetary Wage: The
worker shall be paid a monthly wage of 3500 Jordanian dinars, while taking into consideration the conditions of the collective agreements
signed between the Jordan Garments, Accessories Textiles Exporters Association, the Association of Owners of Factories, Workshops
and Garments, and the General Trade Union of Workers in Textile, Garment and Clothing Industry, including the provisions related to annual
increases and incentives stipulated in these agreements. 

B. In-Kind Wage: The
employer shall provide food and accommodation to the worker as follows: 

1. Three meals daily in reasonable quantity and quality to provide adequate nutrition. 

2. Free transportation to the worker to and from the place of residence to worksites if the place of residence is 1 km or more away from the premises of the factory while taking into consideration the terms of the collective agreements signed between the Jordan Garments, Accessories Textiles Exporters Association, the Association of Owners of Factories, Workshops and Garments, and the General Trade Union of Workers in Textile, Garment and Clothing Industry. 

3. Shared accommodation of the worker according to the conditions stipulated in relevant legislation that governs the standards of worker accommodation in Jordan. 

C. Working Hours: Regular
working hours shall be 8 hours a day or 48 hours a week, excluding the time taken for meals and breaks. 

D. Payment: The employer
shall pay the wage, bonuses, incentives, overtime, and any other entitlements that are part of the concept of wage within not more than
seven days of the date of entitlement either in cash or through bank or electronic transfer as agreed on between the two parties. 

E. Cash and in-kind 
 wage shall be subject to tax and social security deductions, as well as any other legal deductions, in the percentages and according
to the conditions stipulated in relevant legislation. 

6. Overtime and Incentives 

A. Overtime (if any) shall be optional. If the worker agrees to work
overtime, the wages for this work shall be calculated as follows: 

1. If he works overtime during weekdays more than the daily or weekly
working hours, he shall receive a wage of not less than 125 of his regular wage. 

2. If he works on the day of his weekly holiday or during religious
or official holidays, he shall receive an additional wage of not less than 150 of his regular wage. 

3 

B. Incentives: 

1 . The worker shall be informed of the value of incentives of work
and production and the method of payment of these incentives in writing. 

2. The value of the incentives shall be clearly noted in the monthly
wage statement of the worker. 

7. Wage Statement and Overtime: Upon payment
of the wage, the employer shall provide the worker with a detailed monthly statement that includes the name of the worker, the amount
of the wage, allowances, increases, any other benefits, legal deductions, and the number of overtime hours that the worker worked and
the amount of money corresponding to this. 

8. Leaves 

A. Annual Leave: 
The worker shall be entitled to a 14-day paid annual leave for every year of service. The annual leave shall be increased to 21 days
if the worker spends five successive years with the employer. Weekly holidays and religious and official holidays shall not be
calculated as part of annual leave. 

B. Sick Leave: The
worker shall be entitled to a 14-day paid sick leave within one year with full wage based on a report by the doctor approved by the enterprise.
The leave may be renewed for another 14 days with full wage if he is hospitalized based on a report by the doctor approved by the enterprises
whose number of workers is less than 20 workers. As for enterprises whose number of workers is more than 20 workers, a medical committee
shall be authorized for the purpose of approving medical reports. 

C. Weekly Holiday: 
The worker shall be entitled to one fully paid day for rest every week and it shall be on Friday. (If the nature of work requires that
the holiday be a day other than Friday, the day approved by the enterprise shall be specified as the day of weekly holiday must be fixed
and not changeable). 

D. Paternity Leave: 
The worker shall be entitled to a three-day paid paternity leave. 

9. Social Security: The provisions of
the Social Security Law and its amendments, and the regulations and instructions issued pursuant thereto, shall be applied in connection
to contributions, entitlements, work injuries, and other types of insurance relevant to the worker. 

10. Health Care 

The employer shall undertake the following: 

A. Make arrangements for a preliminary medical examination and routine
medical checkups in accordance with the Instructions on Medical Examinations of Workers issued pursuant to the Jordanian Labor Law and
the official form issued by the Ministry of Labor concerning these examinations. 

4 

B.
In emergency cases, the medical staff of the employer must refer the worker to a specialized doctor or hospital expeditiously and without
delay so that the worker may receive the necessary medical care and proper treatment at the expense of the employer. 

11.
Work Permits, Residency Permit, and Identity Card Documents 

The
employer must: 

A.
Not withhold any of the identification documents of the worker, including the passport, residency permit, and work permit while observing
the procedures for renewing the work permit and residency. 

B.
Obtain the work and residency permits of the worker throughout the duration of the work relationship without letting the worker incur
any costs, even if the contract is prematurely terminated. 

12.
Non-Discrimination 

The
employer must not discriminate between the worker and other workers on the ground of race, color, sex, religion, political opinion, nationality,
or social origin. 

13.
Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 

The
employer must respect the worker s right to freedom of association, as stipulated by the Jordanian Labor Law and its amendments.
This includes the right to join the General Trade Union of Workers in Textile, Garment and Clothing Industry in Jordan without
harassment, interference, or prejudice to any of his rights. 

14.
Disciplinary Measures 

A.
The employer may take disciplinary measures or impose fines against the worker, as stipulated in the list of penalties approved by the
Minister of Labor or someone whom he authorizes. 

B.
The worker must be informed of the terms of the bylaw of the factory that is approved by the Ministry of Labor. 

15.
Confidentiality 

The
worker shall undertake not to disclose any confidential information related to commercial, financial, or technical information at the
enterprise of the employer for any reason whatsoever, whether during the term of the employment relationship or after its end. The employer
may terminate the work of the worker if he discloses such information and he may take legal action against him to seek compensation for
the losses he caused. Confidential information includes all non-public information concerning commercial, financial, or technical aspects
of the business of the employer, which, if disclosed, could be used by competitors of the employer. 

5 

16.
Termination of Work Contract 

A.
The work contract shall end in any of the following cases: 

1
.. If the two parties agree to end it. 

2.
If the term of the work contract ends or the work itself ends. 

3.
If the worker dies or is unable to work due to illness or disability, as proven by a medical report issued by a medical authority. 

4.
If the worker meets the conditions of old-age retirement as stipulated in the Social Security Law unless the two parties agree otherwise. 

B.
If the employer terminates the work contract before its term has ended, or the worker terminates the work contract for one of the reasons
set out in Article 29 of the Jordanian Labor Law, the worker shall be entitled to all the rights and dues specified in the contract,
including wage, benefits, and other amounts due to the worker in accordance with the law for the remainder of the term of the contract
provided that the contract has not been terminated in accordance with Article 28 of the Jordanian Labor Law. 

C.
If the worker terminates the work contract for reasons that are not within the provisions of Article 29 of the Jordanian Labor Law, the
employer may claim compensation for the losses he incurred due to the termination of the contract. The competent court shall determine
the value of the compensation provided that it shall not exceed half of the wage of the worker for the remaining period of the contract. 

17.
Termination Settlement 

Upon
the end of the contractual relationship, the worker shall be entitled to a prompt settlement of all outstanding payments, including wage
and overtime payments, which should be completed within seven days of the worker s last day of work. The employer shall provide the worker
with accommodation and meals until travel arrangements are finalized. 

18.
Death 

The
employer and worker agree that in the event of the death of the worker during the term of the work contract: 

A.
The employer shall notify the embassy of the worker s home country within 24 hours and cover the costs of the body s repatriation to
his home country. 

B.
The employer shall pay all outstanding dues of the worker to his heirs or any authorized person with an official power of attorney certified
by the home country of the worker, and the embassy of his home country shall be notified. 

6 

19.
Settlement of Disputes 

A.
The worker may file a complaint with the labor union committee that is mediating between the worker and employer to settle the dispute.
If the labor union committee fails to settle the dispute within five days, the worker may have recourse to the General Trade Union of
Workers in Textile, Garment and Clothing Industry to resolve the complaint. If the worker does not wish to refer the matter to the union,
he may file the complaint with the Ministry of Labor or the wage authority or court of peace, depending on the nature of the dispute
and the provisions governing this. 

B.
The courts of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan shall have jurisdiction to decide on any dispute arising in relation to the application,
implementation or interpretation of this contract. Claims shall be filed before the competent court located in the place of employment. 

20.
Labor Law 

The
provisions of the Labor Law shall apply to the two parties where no explicit stipulation is mentioned in this contract. 

21.
Declaration 

The
employer and worker declare that they fully understand the provisions of this contract. Both parties signed the contract and each kept
a copy of it. 

Signature
 of Employer 

/s/
 Ala a Nawaf Awaisheh 

Date:
 1/5/2023 (date, month, year) 

Signature
 of Worker 

/s/
 Wei Yang 

Date:
 1/5/2023 (date, month, year) 

7 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex21-1_jerash.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF JERASH HOLDINGS (US), INC

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Place of Incorporation 
 
 Treasure Success International Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Jerash Garments and Fashions Manufacturing Co., Ltd. 
 
 Jordan 
 
 Chinese Garments and Fashions Manufacturing Co., Ltd. 
 
 Jordan 
 
 Jerash for Industrial Embroidery Company Limited 
 
 Jordan 
 
 Al-Mutafaweq Co. for Garments Manufacturing Ltd. 
 
 Jordan 
 
 Jerash The First Medical Supplies Manufacturing Company Limited 
 
 Jordan 
 
 Mustafa and Kamal Ashraf Trading Company (Jordan) for the Manufacture of Ready-Make Clothes LLC 
 
 Jordan 
 
 Kawkab Venus Dowalyah Lisenaet Albesah 
 
 Jordan 
 
 Jiangmen Treasure Success Business Consultancy Co., Ltd. 
 
 PRC 
 
 Jerash Supplies, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Ever Winland Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 J B International Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex23-1_jerash.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statements of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-258447 and File No. 333-264265) and the Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-223916 and File No. 333-255028) of our report dated June 28, 2023 with respect to our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. as of March 31, 2023 and for the year ended March 31, 2023, which report
is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

 Marcum llp 

 Marlton, New Jersey 

 June 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 f10k2023ex23-2_jerash.htm
 CONSENT OF FRIEDMAN LLP

Exhibit 23.2 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statements of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-258447 and File No. 333-264265) and the Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (File No. 333-223916 and File No. 333-255028) of our report dated June 27, 2022, with respect to our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. as of March 31, 2022 and for the year ended March 31, 2022, which report
is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. for the year ended March 31, 2022. We resigned as auditors
on September 20, 2022 and, accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements
for the periods after the date of our resignation. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

Friedman LLP 

 New York, New York 

 June 28, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2023ex31-1_jerash.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Choi Lin Hung, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 28,
2023 

/s/ Choi Lin Hung 

Choi Lin Hung 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
Chief Executive Officer, President, and Treasurer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2023ex31-2_jerash.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gilbert K. Lee, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: June 28,
2023 

/s/ Gilbert K. Lee 

Gilbert K. Lee 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer 
and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2023ex32-1_jerash.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. (the Company ), for the purposes
of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 28,
2023 

/s/ Choi Lin Hung 

Choi Lin Hung 

Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
Chief Executive Officer, President, and Treasurer 
(Principal Executive Officer and Director) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter
63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2023ex32-2_jerash.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Jerash Holdings (US), Inc. (the Company ), for the purposes
of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: June 28,
2023 

/s/ Gilbert K. Lee 

Gilbert K. Lee 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer 
and Principal Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter
63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 jrsh-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 jrsh-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 jrsh-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 jrsh-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 jrsh-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

