<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230417_10-K_edgar_data_1286648_0001903596-23-000319.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8866656</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1081718</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2126232</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2651553</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1256672</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1520617</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>24</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001903596-23-000319.hdr.sgml : 20230417
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230417171410
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001903596-23-000319
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230417

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GZ6G Technologies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001286648
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO TELEPHONE COMMUNICATIONS [4812]
		IRS NUMBER:				200452700
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51007
		FILM NUMBER:		23824721

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 TECHNOLOGY DRIVE, BLDG B
		STREET 2:		SUITE NO. B123
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 872-1965

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 TECHNOLOGY DRIVE, BLDG B
		STREET 2:		SUITE NO. B123
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NANOSENSORS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040409

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001903596-23-000319.txt : 20230417

10-K
 1
 f10k_gz6gtechnolog.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

(Commission
File Number) 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 
 ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s telephone
number, including area code) 

N/A 

 (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange 
 on
 which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, 0.001 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . 

As
of April 14, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock
outstanding. 

GZ6G
 Technologies Corp. 
 TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 16 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 16 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 17 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 17 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 17 

PART II 

Item
 5 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 18 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 23 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplemental Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 24 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 24 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 25 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 25 

PART
 III 

Item
 10 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 26 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 29 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 31 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 33 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 38 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 39 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form
 10-K Summary 

SIGNATURES 
 42 

i 

PART
I 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), references to the Company, the registrant, 
 we, our or us refer to GZ6G Technologies Inc. unless the context otherwise indicates. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if
they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Securities Act, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements include any expectation of earnings,
revenue or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; factors
that may affect our operating results; statements related to adding employees; statements related to potential benefits of acquisitions;
statements related to future capital expenditures; statements related to future economic conditions or performance; statements as to
industry trends and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts or statements of assumptions underlying any of the
foregoing. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, anticipate, 
 believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, will, plan, project, seek, should, 
 target, will, would, and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management.
Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the
timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified and discussed in our prospectus on Form
S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on February 7, 2023 starting on page 7, Risk Factors ,
and the risks discussed in our other SEC filings. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report.
Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of such statements. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include statements about: 

our
 ability to achieve profitability; 

our
 competitive position and the effect of competition in our industry; 

our
 ability to retain and attract new customers; 

our
 ability to penetrate existing markets and develop new markets for our services; 

our
 ability to retain or hire qualified accounting and other personnel; 

our
 ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property and operate our business without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of
 others; 

our
 ability to maintain the security and reliability of our systems; 

our
 estimates with regard to our future performance and total potential market opportunity; 

our
 estimates regarding our anticipated results of operations, future revenue, location growth, capital requirements and our needs for
 additional financing; and 

our
 goals and strategies, including those related to revenue and location growth. 

1 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Company
Overview 

GZ6G Technologies Corp. GZ6G , we 
or the Company is an emerging smart city technology growth company that provides wireless and monetization enterprise
level smart solutions to cities and large venues that require multiple types of products, services and third-party solutions to fulfil
client needs. We were incorporated in Nevada on December 23, 2003, and are headquartered at 1 Technology Drive, Bldg B ,
Irvine, CA 92618, Suite no. B123. 

GZ6G is a smart solutions technology provider focused on providing smart solutions advisory services,
developing and acquiring early stage wireless 5G/6G and beyond technologies that meet certain core application requirements that deliver
potential enterprise smart city solutions. Types of Products include IPTV technologies, digital displays technologies, VR, AI, data analytics
software and wireless security tools for Stadiums, Airports, Universities and Smart City Projects. Our Mission: create shareholder value
by creating a family of wireless technology companies specializing in vertical markets that support subsidiary business units with necessary
skill sets to deliver value added smart Solutions to partners and customers. 

A
wireless Internet of Things (IoT) technology company and its subsidiaries and divisions, GZ6G Technologies Corp (GZ6G) is focused on
acquiring, developing and overseeing innovative wireless IoT technology companies for the emerging 5G and Wi-Fi6 marketplaces, including
target markets such as stadiums, airports, universities, racetracks, casinos, and smart city projects. 

Our
controlled subsidiary, Green Zebra Media Corp (GZMC) is one such innovative provider of wireless hardware gateways, communications, marketing
and sponsorship, data analytics platforms and CRM technology. Our products are used for stadiums, cities, airports, universities and
hospitality markets. 

The
focus of our operations are contracts which can most efficiently, and cost effectively, bring revenue generating operations through partnerships
with venues and industries that must adapt to the new 5G and WiFi6 environment. 

Beyond
that, GZ6G and controlled entities are establishing a global command center to offer our customer base scale and agility, speed the launch
of wireless, digital services and data analytics services, and seamlessly connect customers to world class experiences. It
is our intent that wireless IT network managed services and data center initiative for clients and partners will monitor cutting edge
Wireless IT networks with the ability to dispatch technicians as necessary to ensure continuous functionality of our Wi-Fi networks. 

In
June 2018 GZ6G entered into a five-year written Master Service Agreement (MSA) vendor agreement with Lumen Technologies Corp (Lumen)
(F/K/A CenturyLink) wherein GZ6G will provide enterprise level smart technology sales and marketing support to help Lumen enterprise
sales teams nationally. The Agreement is non-exclusive with GZ6G acting as a supplier of software, license to use the software,
service of the software, packaging and shipping the software, and installation of the software, as well as hosting services for the software.
Due to existing relationships Lumen has with Venues, Stadiums, and Smart City target markets we are able to leverage Lumen s relationships
for introduction and exposure into those target markets. 

The
first of these projects for the Company was the city of West Des Moines, Iowa s new Recplex sport venue project. The Company finalized
a wireless hardware installation to recognize 130k in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2021. IT sponsorship managed service
revenue will begin as the West Des Moines Recplex opens for the public in the current year. 

In
July 2022, the Company signed an exclusive, strategic partnership with Major League Baseball MLB team, the Texas Rangers.
In December 2022, as amended January 2023, the Company signed a sponsorship and services agreement with the Kansas City Royals Baseball
Club. 

Green
Zebra will be managing sponsorship opportunities within the venue across IPTV (internet protocol television) and fans mobile devices
during live games and other events. When a stadium guest logs into the venue s Wi-Fi network, Green Zebra s interface launches
to provide fans with quick and secure Internet access on their mobile devices including relevant messaging, such as food and merchandise
discounts, and urgent updates such as stadium or security information across the venue s IPTVs. 

In
addition, sponsorship opportunities are provided across Wi-Fi networks operated through Green Zebra s managed service solutions.
This allows for a smart connected ecosystem and monetization prospects for sponsors to promote their brand to a captive audience. Green
Zebra will manage the networks within the live event facilities and their respective Wi-Fi networks and redirect web pages enabling sponsor
ads to be seen across diverse platforms. 

In
September 2022, the Company s GZ Networks division entered into an engagement agreement with an Orange County, California-based
real estate chain, RE/MAX, as its IT service provider. This Orange County engagement will provide an opportunity to service other
RE/MAX locations as the environment is similar office to office. This new partnership is one of several opportunities GZ Networks
has been cultivating for small to medium size businesses (SMBs). 

2 

The
initial focus on the Southern California region gives the GZ Networks senior management team the opportunity to train and prepare team
members for enterprise accounts. With a quickly expanding roster of potential clients for enterprise accounts, GZ6G and GZ Networks are
working quickly to enhance in-house expertise as an IT service provider in order to prepare for larger enterprise accounts as the opportunities
arise. 

Along
with IT services offered to clients, GZ Networks offers a package of robust security services intended to protect sensitive customer
and staff data from cyber-attacks for key service providers such as law offices, bank buildings, hotels, bars, and restaurants. The GZ
Networks team of business advisors examine current business structures in place and provide analysis and suggestions to secure and optimize
networks. HIPAA compliance allows further security where needed for hospitals, doctor s offices, and healthcare facilities to safeguard
patient data. 

Green Zebra Smart Networks opened its new technology
managed service center in Irvine, California in 2021 to support monthly recurring revenue for enterprise accounts. In addition,
the office has hired staff to sell remote IT networking services to small to medium companies that require an outsourced IT networking
solution. Costs for staffing and equipping this office has been approximately 1.45 million and 0.52 million in the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We will continue to expand our staff as needed and as funds are available; however,
the office currently is equipped with the necessary hardware and software, including state of the art security measures, in order to
use this office as the Company s showroom and headquarters. 

Green
Zebra Smart Networks (GZSN) Division Overview 

GZ6G
Technologies Corp (GZ6G), offers enterprise level IT and wireless networking services to national accounts while GZSN division, located
in Irvine, CA, offers local enterprise level IT and wireless network technology consulting service, business technology infrastructure
strategy and planning services, as well as IT networking hardware security cloud software products and services. In addition,
GZSN will provide businesses with monthly remote managed and monitoring service to the Orange County, California markets. 

Green
Zebra Smart Networks offers innovative solutions to help midsize business owners, post Covid, to upgrade, manage and provide remote work
force IT technology infrastructure. GZSN services will provide opportunities to reduce IT infrastructure costs, reduce business
labor costs by offering a local IT monitoring and managed service (MSP) solution that provides remote network engineering support. 

Vision 

Green
Zebra Smart Networks plans to open the first of three IT Wireless MSP offices. We plan on revolutionizing the wireless managed
service provider market (MSP) by focusing on the local business market that needs wireless IoT and remote network technology upgrades
enabling businesses to grow with advanced security tools and network infrastructure technologies to operate their business much more
efficiently with cloud technologies and resources. 

Marketing 

Starting
July 5, 2021, we began aggressively advertising Green Zebra Smart Network services to small to medium size businesses that need IT infrastructure
upgrades, remote networking services and cloud security solutions in Orange County, Ca. Advertising initially for lead generation through
social media, email marketing, and digital marketing campaigns to drive product and service awareness to create Green Zebra Smart Networks
as the IT authority in the local market. 

GZSN intends to provide educational videos and blogs on cyber security technology and the benefits of having Green Zebra Smart Networks
as their trusted technology advisors, to encourage businesses to become our clients. 

GZ6G
Sales Methods: We intend to use the following methods to drive and increase sales: 

Digital
 Marketing 

Social
 Media Marketing 

Inside
 Sales teams 

Channel
 Partners 

3 

Revenue
Model 

We
are unable to provide an estimated revenue for GZ6G at this time; however, our Green Zebra Smart Network Irvine, California local office
has begun generating recurring revenue in the middle of 2022. We began onboarding clients in the fourth quarter of 2021. 

Clients,
when they are signed up, will incur recurring 5,000 monthly fees for IT security monitoring services and Local CCNA Cisco
Certified Network Associate) engineering with remote troubleshooting support capabilities and senior IT network engineers. 

Additional
non-recurring business revenue would be generated from IT infrastructure network Upgrades purchased from our smart solutions advisors. 

GZ6G Technology
 Expertise Is Helping Build Smarter Businesses. Wireless, Managed Services, Artificial Intelligence, data analytics. Smarter Business.
Developer Tools. Enterprise Technology for the federal government, stadiums, airports, universities, and the entertainment industry. 

GZ6G s Subsidiaries and Divisions will focus
on 4 core areas of expertise to support the GZ6G Enterprise smart solutions: 1. Wireless networking, security managed Services;
2. Data Center Services; 3. IOT software development; 4. Marketing, advertising, sponsorship services. We expect each subsidiary
or division to operate on its own until GZ6G requires the expertise to fulfil all or part of GZ6G technologies enterprise smart solutions
products and services as required by contracts. 

GZ6G
Technologies Corp. Green Tech and its operating subsidiary, Green Zebra Media Corp work together to offer a fully integrated
wireless infrastructure solution for enterprise opportunities, while Green Zebra Media focuses on innovative digital marketing, advertising
sponsorship and monetization services for their clients. Green Zebra Media will provide digital marketing, monetization and marketing
support services that are missing Wireless communications Networks, IoT applications, and location-based engagement types of technology. 

While
there are many competitors that offer Wireless Networking technology platforms, there are few that provide a on premise wireless gateway
communication ad servers and digital marketing monetization support solutions together. The emerging industry requires assistant
to maximize the client s return on investment. 

Green
Zebra Networks (GZN) division will provide both managed services support for wireless networks hardware, software for enterprise level
clients. In addition, GZN wireless technology will provide proprietary and licensed technology solutions. 

Green
Zebra Labs (GZSL) a new division being created to support GZ6G s Enterprise smart solutions software integration services for Smart
City Venues, in addition to creating new IoT software venue applications that support the smart city initiatives and venue specific data
analytics and artificial intelligence applications. The Green Zebra Smart Labs Software team provides the client with a trusted
external IoT software development team to assist with future smart city solution integration opportunities. 

The
mission of GZ6G s management team is to build a family of smart solutions service companies that work together to minimizes the
competition while lowering the risk to enter the 5G Wi-Fi 6 marketplace. Venue owners need additional help using integrated
technical support service, however, offering a digital marketing and monetization solution has created a competitive advantage that connects
and engage communities with relevant information, offering and managing monetizing solutions will subsidize the expensive wireless technology
infrastructure costs. 

4 

Offering
an integrated approach digital marketing solution, sponsorship revenue, IT wireless networking and Software expertise together expedite
the decision process for all stakeholders, our telecommunication, wireless and agency partners allow us to expand our reach, capabilities
and resources. 

GZ6G
provides an enterprise state-of-the art Wi-Fi Media and communication Platform (hardware and software) to monetize and scale to any size
venue and/or audience. Our Green Zebra Networks engineering team works with the Venue s IT engineering team to install Wireless
communications platforms. Green Zebra Networks will provide an engineering team to install the Wi-Fi platform into the venue Wi-Fi network,
providing WiFi monetization hardware (Green Zebra Media hub) that connects to the customer s Wi-Fi network system. Every Wi-Fi
Media server is embedded with Communication and data analytics software to create monetization and communication. This capability transforms
a single location into a powerful, media-rich communications network throughout the venue location. 

This
WIFI Media Server platform creates user engagement when users access Wi-Fi, enabling digital marketing teams to empower businesses, engage
communities and enable mobile users with relevant local information, accessed as a cloud or on-premises solution. 

In
addition, Green Zebra Media teams signs long term contracts to secure digital marketing and sponsorship assets monetize venue opportunities,
supporting the venue team with marketing strategies, planning, and implementation services, brand user engagement services, digital
marketing and design services, communication software and Wi-Fi ad servers. 

Currently, GZ6G technologies has secured two partnerships
with MLB teams the Kansas City Royals and the Texas Rangers and is working on securing a number of enterprise projects that were delayed
in 2020 and 2021 as a result of COVID-19 but have resumed operation in fiscal 2022. These additional projects include several NCAA universities,
National Football League, and cities located in the United States. 

Further,
the Company has entered into a contract with US Federal Contractor Registration (USFCR), whereby the Company will be provided with assistance
to qualify and help with federal contract procurement services and writing contracts for System for Award Management (SAM) projects. 

GZ6G
has future plans to roll up several complementary companies in the wireless, Wi-Fi security IoT and digital marketing sectors. GZ6G is
able to provide wireless and digital promotion rights for certain events including WiFi media network advertising rights and the development
of smart venue wireless networks and software engagement technology products for airports, stadiums, campuses and cities in the United
States and International markets. 

Additional revenue sources Wi-Fi as
a revenue center 

The
use of Wi-Fi networks in high-density areas is the most efficient manner to ensure consistent wireless connectivity. Two trends are converging
today to propel upgrades and new deployments of Wi-Fi networks, including 5G and WiFi6. First, consumer demand for wireless connectivity
continues to grow, overwhelming many wireless and Wi-Fi networks. Secondly, many large entities are seeking new digital media avenues
to obtain exposure to target markets through online impressions , particularly when they have access to a captive audience.
GZ6G is uniquely positioned to facilitate the convergence of these two trends. Additionally, GZ6G is developing future Wi-Fi networks
that can integrate the Internet of Things (IoT) and significantly enhance network utility and user experiences. 

The
greater use of wireless devices (smartphones, tablets) and the emergence of IoT places has increased demand even further on wireless
networks. Large network companies promote the 5G network deployment, but there are limitations to its effectiveness, particularly in
high-density areas. Wi-Fi networks remain the best network deployment plan for airports, businesses, universities, transport hubs and
city locations where there are high-density network demands. 

Existing
Wi-Fi technology can significantly improve wireless performance at airports, transport hubs, convention centers, resorts, and stadiums.
The future of Wi-Fi is even more exciting. New developments by GZ6G will significantly enhance network throughput and allow for apps
to reside on a venue s network rather than the cloud. The result is much faster response and the ability to customize apps to serve
local businesses, communities and users of the network. 

The
GZ6G total solution turns the Wi-Fi cost center into a revenue center by (a) deploying a state-of-the-art Wi-Fi broadcast network with
customized software for enhanced user experience and (b) obtaining sponsors who desire exposure to consumers and businesses in high-density
areas. This combination can easily justify Wi-Fi network deployment today. 

5 

Additionally,
GZ6G plans to vertically integrate its operational model, providing both software and hardware as well as full support services to its
customer base. 

GZ6G
is installing Wi-Fi networks in high-density use areas and is partnering with other technology companies and host entities (stadiums,
universities, airports, resorts) for the GZ6G total solution. GZ6G has established strategic relationships with (a) network companies
that are pitching the GZ6G solution; (b) established Wi-Fi networks that need upgrading; and (c) a range of potential sponsors in a variety
of industries. 

The Company has generated limited revenue to date
and has only recently entered into its first strategic partnership, sponsorship and services agreements with two large venues and one
smaller Enterprise client. We expect to continue to finalize contracts throughout 2023 to expand our revenue base. Recurring revenues
will not be generated from our projects until the installation of our products are complete (anticipated in 2023) and sponsorship and
marketing opportunities are able to be monetized. 

The
Company currently has four divisions that will implement actions to correspond with the above services. 

Market
Opportunity 

GZ6G
Technologies is in a unique position to grow rapidly as a smart solution provider for strategic partners in the 5G Wi-Fi 6 industry
with strategic public partners. 

We
have been preparing, developing and building relationships to scale 5G Wi-Fi 6 emerging markets since winning the New York City
connectivity challenge at Governors Island in the Spring of 2018. We established a s relationship with Lumen s smart
solutions consulting team (formerly CenturyLink). GZ6G is in a unique position to grow rapidly as a smart solution provider in
the 5G Wi-Fi 6 industry. 

In
addition, GZ6G is seeking strategic acquisition opportunities to scale revenue, leadership and customer base by expanding the customer
base and product lines in four core business areas: wireless networking and managed services locations, Smart IoT Software Applications,
Data Center facilities, Digital marketing Agencies opportunities. We expect to continue creating strategic partnerships that can
help scalable a diverse sales force and product offering target markets local to global. 

5G
 Wi-Fi 6 plus is creating what s called the (4th) next generation industrial revolution that is going to create faster and
faster high-speed internet that will create more innovations opportunities that are directed at auto, delivery, entertainment, medical
industry and sensors technologies. 

GZ6G has been preparing, developing and building
relationships to scale 5G Wi-Fi 6 emerging markets since winning the New York City connectivity challenge at Governors Island in
the Spring of 2018. We established a relationship with Lumen s smart solutions consulting team (formerly CenturyLink)
and also have a few other trusted strategic partnership opportunities. GZ6G is in a unique position to grow rapidly as a smart
solution provider in the 5G Wi-Fi 6 industry. 

GZ6G
plans to take advantage of early acquisition opportunities to scale the Gz6G business model. It is our belief that most of the existing
industry is not preparing for the future change that s being created by the new high-speed capabilities coming to market. 

We
will continue to focus on wireless infrastructure, IoT software and marketing to scale revenue opportunities, leadership and customer
base by expanding the customer base and product lines in four core business areas: wireless networking and managed services locations,
Smart IoT Software Applications, Data Center facilities, Digital marketing Agencies opportunities. We expect to continue creating
strategic partnerships that can help scalable a diverse sales force and product offering target markets local to global. 

6 

Target
Markets: 

Cities,
 Airports, Stadiums, Universities, and Hospitality Markets Globally 

Target
Acquisitions: 

Advertising
 agencies, IT Network Related Companies, IoT software applications. 

Barriers
to Market 

With
any emerging market there are any number of challenges that exist, as the market matures and flattens out. We don t see this
happening any time soon, quite the opposite over the last few years we have had a chance to figure out a few things during the development
and testing periods. 

Emerging
Smart solutions technology Expertise 

 Lack
of qualified and experiences staff will number one challenge to bringing smart solutions to market. 

Competitive
Landscape -Telecommunication companies are talking about the 5G and Wi-Fi 6 connective speeds and required infrastructure requirements
with various other technologies. Connectivity is a commodity between all of them, they are and will be looking for alternative
product and service providers to differentiate themselves. 

Overall
 Smart Solutions product offering 

Diverse
 teams are required 

Go-To-Market
Strategies 

Smart
Solutions Technology 

GZ6G
technologies going forward marketing strategy for 2023 will primarily be focused on global strategic partners relationships where our
products and services complement each other s product, services and support offerings to enterprise clients. 

This
partnership approach reduces barriers to market lowers the risk while establishing brand value and trust with clients and customers. 
Access to our target markets are more receptive when working with their trusted partners at this stage of our growth. 

This
partnership approach reduces barriers to market lowers the risk while establishing brand value and trust with clients and customers. 

The Company will look to scale up divisional offices
in local markets as part of our marketing and support strategy going forward. Our plans include local and regional support centers for
large venue city, stadium, airport and university accounts. 

Technology
Monetization Marketing Strategy 

The
Green Zebra Media sponsor advertising division primarily focuses on various types of brand advertisers and agencies that represent brand
advertisers that are interested in reaching targeted venue or multiple venue customers. 

Certain
sponsors are willing to contribute more per venue to be the exclusive sponsor for particular events or for several events, or for a period
of time at one venue. Sponsorship companies are in the following industries: 

Types
of Venue Sponsor Industry 

Airline
 industry 

Technology
 Industry 

7 

Healthcare
 Industry 

Sports
 Industry 

Entertainment
 Industry 

Hospitality
 industry 

Beverages 

Potential
Sponsorship Commitments 

Potential
Sponsorship opportunities are in the following industries: 

Airlines 

 Beverages 

 Casinos 

 Hotels 

 Restaurants 

 Consumer
Retail 

Go-To-Market
Strategies for Target Markets 

GZ6G
Technologies is looking at strategic acquisition opportunities that would allow for infrastructure, development and consumer target market
opportunities; as well as teaming up with partnerships that can help create a diverse sales force that focuses on target markets. 

University
and Stadium Market 

 The
university and stadium market is best addressed through existing commitments and partnerships; for instance, with our partner, Lumen
(f/k/a CenturyLink). GZ6G Technologies total solution to Wi-Fi installations is very attractive to strategic partners. As a result, some
of the strategic partners have integrated the GZ6G Technologies solutions into their product/service offerings. 

Airport
Market 

 The
airport market is addressed with the direct sales force and ongoing relationships. GZ6G Technologies will leverage the relationships
that key partners have with airports. The GZ6G Technologies total solution for installing, managing and monetizing Wi-Fi installations
in airports is attractive to partners managing existing Wi-Fi networks. 

City
Market 

 GZ6G
Technologies will address the city market with a direct sales force. GZ6G Technologies has installed a Wi-Fi network on Governors Island
New York during the connectivity challenge (2018 with Fibreless). Moving forward GZ6G will continue to work alongside their partners
to leverage the success of that installation to attract additional city Wi-Fi installations. 

Industry
Overview 

Wi-Fi
technology enables wireless users to use internet and telecom services in a high-density environment. Without Wi-Fi in areas where there
is a high concentration of wireless users, response time degrades, phone calls get dropped, internet connectivity may be
intermittent and user experience suffers. For this reason, Wi-Fi deployment is critical for internet and telecom networks in many geographical
footprints. 

The
market for Wi-Fi equipment worldwide was 15.6 billion in 2022, according to industry research by MarketsandMarkets, Inc. This describes
a compound annual growth of 21.2 through 2022. Such growth is driven by the use of wireless devices including smart phones, tablets
and development of the IoT market. Approximately 67 of the worldwide wireless equipment market is in the US. MarketWatch reports
the Global Wireless Connectivity market, including chips and devices will reached 31.8 billion in 2022. 

8 

The
primary drivers for the deployment of Wi-Fi networks are increasing bandwidth demand from businesses, universities, smart city projects,
and consumers. With the integration of more images and videos for internet users, demand for greater network bandwidth increases. The
weakest link in broadband networks is the wireless connection to the end user. The latest Wi-Fi network technologies address this weak
link in a cost-effective manner. 

The
primary constraints to deploying Wi-Fi networks has been poor-user experiences in high-density areas, security and privacy concerns.
Users with multiple applications on smart phones, or with multiple devices (smart phone and tablet or laptop) place high demands on wireless
networks. Bandwidth intensive applications that include video and GPS create greater demands on wireless networks. 

How
does the host/network manager (airport, smart city, business, university) of Wi-Fi decide to improve network capabilities? Wi-Fi networks
provide critical connectivity services to users, and bandwidth demand from users creates the need to upgrade the networks. Security on
Wi-Fi networks is improving, but bandwidth is lacking. Wi-Fi network users are demanding more bandwidth while traveling, when at sporting
events, when spending time downtown or in commercial districts, and when at resorts, or on university campuses. 

Current
Operations 

GZ6G
provides a total solution for high-density use areas with: 

(1)
state of the art Wi-Fi hardware deployment to address the requirements of all wireless users, in a specific venue 

 (2)
custom software that enables an enhanced user experience and secure, easy network access 

 (3)
ability to integrate security system or expand Wi-Fi footprint 

 (4)
automatic portals for any device in the area 

 (5)
the ability to monetize the Wi-Fi network deployment for the host entity. 

GZ6G
Technologies Target Markets 

 GZ6G
is focusing on high-density use venues where (1) internet connectivity demand is high and likely to grow, (2) the host venue recognizes
the benefit of providing Wi-Fi broadcasting service, and (3) venues where sponsors are interested in consumer exposure. The target venues
include universities, professional sports stadiums and racetracks, airports, resorts and smart-city projects. 

Hardware
and Software Solutions Today 

 GZ6G
Technologies installs state-of-the-art Wi-Fi equipment designed to meet the projected high-density use demands for the location. Equipment
manufacturers may include Cisco, Cradle Point, D-Link, Juniper, Linksys. Software may include products that are customizable from Brick
 Mobile, Cloud4Wi, Purple Wifi, Panasonic, Socifi, Tanaza. 

Wi-Fi
network installation is customized to ensure the correct internet connectivity and speed is available throughout the venue. GZ6G has
developed the software tools that are customized for the host/network manager to easily manage the network through the use of dashboards,
which may include integrating additional components such as a security system. The software tools (broadcasting system) allow for the
host to create pop up notices to remind users of important items regarding safety, first aid, ancillary services and special offers.
The network manager gathers data to understand characteristics of user demands on the network. The host/network venue manager may also
design features which provide information to users to enhance their time while in the area, such as discounts to affiliated stores or
restaurants, notices of services at the facility such as food outlets, retail items, special benefits to repeat customers, or notice
of where emergency healthcare is available. The host venue can customize the user interface on the network and as new supplementary services
become available, such as a new food venue or new emergency management procedures, the customer interface can be changed. 

9 

Company
Offerings 

GZ6G
Technologies focus on leading wireless marketing CRM technology smart solutions provider, offering closed loop security gateways,
wireless marketing and sponsorship CRM platform solutions, and deep data analytic solutions for the hospitality, stadiums, airports,
universities, and cities. This customized approach to marketing will allow clients to elevate the interaction between the venue and the
consumers on their platform. The second division will work with sponsors for unique marketing opportunities within the venue and for
the venue. 

The
future vision for the Company is the inclusion of four main divisions. 

10 

11 

The
parent company, GZ6G Technologies, provides enterprise technology and expertise consulting together to build smarter cities and venues
of the future which would oversee the operational excellence of its four existing and planned complimentary subsidiaries under the publicly
listed entity. 

GZ6G s
Subsidiaries and Divisions will diversify its business model by establishing 4 core areas of business expertise to support the overall
GZ6G Enterprise customer smart solutions: 

1. 
 Green
 Zebra Network: Wireless networking, security managed Services; 

2. 
 Green
 Zebra Data Center Services: Tier 3 Enterprise center optimize for end users, managed services, cloud data 

3. 
 Green
 Zebra Smart Labs: Smart IOT software development services and applications 

4. 
 Green
 Zebra Media: Marketing, advertising, sponsorship services. 

Green
Zebra Networks (GZN) operates as a stand-alone division that offers IT Wireless networking, hardware, implementation and managing services
support and solutions in local to national business. GZ6G would subcontract the GZN division when Networking and managed services related
products and services are required. 

FiBox
Pro Appliance Gateway Solution: 

GZN
 provides a smart appliance Network gateway device called FiBoxPro gateway that creates a closed loop local communication and monetization
 service. GZN will provide the configuration and managed services. These IT technical teams will also provide technical
 support and communication with internal and external teams. 

Green
Zebra Data Center (GZDC): offering Tier 3 Enterprise data center solutions to optimize end users, managed services, cloud data. 

Green
Zebra Media, Corp (GZMC) operates as an independent advertising company that offers traditional advertising, digital marketing, digital
advertising and sponsorship GZ6G subcontracts GZMC services when advertising and sponsorship services are required to help monetize venues
and the FiBox Pro Product. 

Green
Zebra Smart Labs (GZSL) Division 

 This
division will offer software development services for various types of Smart Solution cloud products and services. GZSL will integration
services for third party technologies. This division will be responsible for being the leading provider for in-venue wireless venue and
user engagement, marketing, advertising platforms and data analytics. 

The
software division develops and support various API application support services for Smart solution broadcasting systems, data analytics
and artificial intelligent application needs. 

Data
Analytics Software development and R D support. 

 CRM,
API software development, artificial intelligence (AI), research and development (R D) platform integration solutions and more. 

Current
GZ6G development projects: 

VenuTrax
 an in-venue and Saas platform cloud data analytics and artificial intelligent engine used to help venue owners communicate
 and monetization relevant information regarding user insights. 

CastWifi
 An in Venue or cloud WIFI interactive broadcasting technology that allows public venue wireless networks to broadcast live
 content to their user audience in a closed loop setting like a similar to IPTV technology but over Wi-Fi. 

Green
Zebra Media, Corp (GZMC) operates as an independent advertising company that offers traditional advertising, digital marketing, digital
advertising and sponsorship services in addition to supporting GZ6G smart solutions customers and partners with agency services that
include advertising, marketing, sponsorship sales agency, and platform support team; this division will be broken into two main operations. 

12 

GZ6G
Technologies envisions the creation of wireless fiber-speed networks to meet the demands of wireless consumers and businesses.
High-speed wireless networks enable the establishment of Wi-Fi networks in any location to meet demands of wireless users, and expand
the content capabilities of hosts and sponsors, regardless of the distance to fiber rings. 

GZ6G
is an IoT company made up of four different supportive channels: 

Infrastructure 

Software
 Development 

Cyber
 Security 

Data
 Management 

We
are in the process of developing a global command center that will allow us to monitor all of our venues in one central place. 
We will have technical engineers available in case any of the networks go down in any of the venues at any time. We will be able
to remotely navigate any issues arising at the venues so that service will be virtually uninterrupted. 

Practice
areas can either function independently to address a client s specific functional IoT needs, or be combined to provide brands with
a holistic service offering that will handle all of their needs. 

From
banner and social media advertisements and advertorials, to website and shopping portal purchase engagements, and product procurement,
we will support venues in all of their touch points and engagement opportunities with their end audience. 

We
will offer the following core services: 

We
define venue as our target client, it can be a point of interest within a city, or it could be the city itself. Venues are a specific
geographical location, such as a city, airport, university, stadium, racetrack, casino, or hospitality location (trade center, hotel
etc.). When a venue connects to the network it is called a closed loop communication solution. 

Qualify
 Our infrastructure team goes into a new venue to ensure that they have the right infrastructure or bandwidth in place. This also
means the team will be looking at whether the venue has the appropriate Wi-Fi capabilities in place, so the equipment will sync. Qualify
also means that an evaluation has been completed to ensure that the venue has the correct Wi-Fi speed so marketing materials such as
videos, graphics and content will present itself correctly. 

The
new GZ6G Wi-Fi broadcast network facilitates the Internet of Things to function in a way that it was projected to do years ago. Several
possibilities with Wi-Fi apps are as follows: 

Instantly
 receive best location for emergency first aid with a selected route, walking or driving. Information on where closest drinking fountain,
 first aid station, among other things, is located. 

Police
 can receive optimal path to particular location and control any security cameras in different locations. 

Consumers
 receive information on where street parking is available in real time and which parking structures have spaces available. 

Travelers
 can be notified of flight changes, allowing more restaurant time. 

Real
 time information on shortest food lines at a stadium. 

13 

3-D
 images of museum, real-time information on lines at any venue. 

Cameras
 showing crowd at outdoor restaurant or parks. Control of access can change. 

Security
 system cameras only available to certain parties such as police or other security personnel. 

Short
 term restaurant or store specials when customer traffic is low. 

All
of this and more is possible with apps that do not require downloads from the cloud. It s all available instantly because it is
on the venue network. Each venue network can control which apps are available to which group of users, such that security cameras can
be available to a select group. The possible apps are endless, and each venue network can customize its network page as it sees fit. 

Our
team will possess core capabilities and skill sets that help our clients execute on targeted growth plans that tap into the trillion-dollar
tech market. We will serve clients across a wide range of industries and geographies. 

Our
growth will be through a multi-prong plan: (1) growing an in-house sales team; (2) leveraging strategic partners who are advisors to
decision makers and owners of companies and will be conduits for introductions; and (3) client referrals. 

We
will build a core team of product developers, creative designers, sales professionals and account managers under each practice area to
service existing and new clients. Our philosophy is to develop repeatable software platforms around common business
needs that can be productized to allow for us to scale development of new projects and grow revenues without relying on building large
development teams. 

Our
expertise is IoT; we will help companies become relevant, agile and competitive in a global consumer commerce environment. We will
offer the ability for worldwide marketing and advertising through our developed software and available wifi at our venues. Consumers
want to be able to shop, among other things, anytime and anywhere, and on any device; our expertise allows for us to put our brands right
in front of this consumer activity. 

The
global information technology industry is experiencing global growth and US companies have to be prepared to be competitive on a global
marketplace. 

The
next generation Wi-Fi broadcast networks will bring fiber-like bandwidth capabilities to a wireless network. Additional benefits
of the GZ6G Wi-Fi broadcast network development is the ability to (a) wirelessly connect to fiber that may be at a distance from the
facility, and (b) install high-speed bandwidth wireless to serve a community at a lower cost and much shorter deployment timeframe compared
to fiber installations. 

Employees
and Consultants 

Including
our CEO, President and Director, Mr. William Coleman Smith, along with our two independent Directors, we have a total of 14 full time
employees. Mr. Rohan Potange continues to act as our Interim Chief Technology Officer. 

Rohan
Potange, Interim Chief Technology Officer 

Rohan
Potange has more than 13 years of experience in technology consulting, project management, operations, finance, strategic marketing,
business expansion, and innovative product development. As a software industry expert, his responsibilities at GZ6G Technologies
Corp. encompass expanding and managing the teams responsible for the development of VenuTrax for GZ6G Technologies Green
Zebra Smart Labs division. VenuTrax will be a state-of-the-art logic management solution cloud (SaaS) platform intended to
provide venues the ability to directly communicate with customers using 5G Wi-Fi 6, as well as offer business
intelligence such as data analytics and artificial intelligence for monetization purposes. 

14 

Mr.
Potange is also the Chief Executive Officer for GZ6G Technologies partner, Internet Soft, a digital transformation consultancy, and software
development company that provides cutting-edge engineering solutions. Internet Soft assists Fortune 500 companies and enterprise clients
solve complex issues that always emerge during their digital evolution journey. Internet Soft helps Green Zebra Smart Labs scale up workforce
and technologies to meet the demand for the emerging 5G Wi-Fi 6 industry. 

Mr.
Potange s strong communication and mentoring skills allows him to lead teams in a way that promotes internal and external business
relationships and strengthens customer confidence. 

Mr.
Potange received his Master s in Computer Science from Savitribai Phule Pune University located in Pune, India. 

The
Company works with legal counsel, an accounting firm and an auditing firm on an as needed basis. The Company is looking to hire
technical, marketing and software development engineers/staff as soon as finances allow. We intend to add additional staff as we grow.
Any such additions will be made at the discretion of management and to meet the Company s then current needs, all subject to having
available resources to attract and retain such staff. 

Key
Relationships 

GZ6G
has several strong relationships that are mutually beneficial to both partners; partners that will leverage the GZ6G capabilities to
maintain and/or grow revenue streams for both entities. 

Current
Partnerships 

Lumen
 Technologies/CenturyLink 

Lumen
Technologies : Lumen Technologies, previously CenturyLink, is one of the largest telecommunications organizations in the country focused
on using their networks at cities, stadiums and universities. As a trusted third-party solutions partner, GZ6G Technologies offers the
smart solution tools and expertise required for Lumen Technology to develop long term user engagement solutions. 

Brand
LTD Brand LTD is our advertising and marketing partner/creative agency. 

ViTech
 ViTech is one of our IPTV Solutions providers for large venues and smart cities. 

Aruba
Wireless Aruba is one of the partners for which we utilize their hardware for smart venues and smart cities. 

Internetsoft
 Internetsoft is our software development strategic partner that works with our internal development team to scale our software
development projects for smart venues and smart cities. 

Marketing
Strategy 

We
plan to market directly to sports arenas, concert venues, universities, racetracks, casinos, and to smart cities using our existing relationships
as well as deploying a number of popular online marketing tactics. Additionally, we will be leveraging strategic partners who are
advisors to decision makers, and owners of companies, and who will be conduits for introductions and client referrals. 

GZ6G
has relationships with national and regional Fortune 500 entities that are seeking targeted methods to reach existing and potential customers.
These sponsors include commercial enterprises that desire to advertise or collect analytic data on users in high-density locations. National
sponsors include the major network carriers, auto manufacturers, airlines, casinos, grocery stores, online retail, consumer discretionary
goods and restaurant chains. Many of these seek exposure to consumers in specific areas. 

With
selective Wi-Fi markets, a sponsor can more effectively deploy advertising budgets. Local restaurants can advertise specials at football
games. Casinos or restaurants can advertise to airport customers or smart-city users. Host entities can identify food specials at certain
times when lines are low. Airports could provide flight updates in real time with notices to fliers that log in on their flight. 

As
the GZ6G network installation base grows, the Company will have the ability to offer sponsors a variety of venues for exposure. 

15 

Government
Contracting Opportunities/Regulation 

We
have registered through US Federal Contractor Registration (USFCR) which will allow us to be included in the System for Award Management
(SAM) which will allow us to be included in writing government contracts. In the event we are awarded jobs through SAM, we will
have to adhere to any requirements set forth by the United States Federal government. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
will regard our client lists and any intellectual property we may acquire, i.e., patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and
similar intellectual property that would be critical to our success, and we will rely on trademark, copyright and confidentiality and/or
license agreements to protect our proprietary rights. Effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every area in
which our products are made available. Furthermore, regulations governing domain names may not protect our trademarks and similar proprietary
rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or diminish
the value of our patents and other proprietary rights. We may be unable to prevent third parties from using and registering our trademarks,
or trademarks that are similar to, or diminish the value of our trademark. 

Competition 

Telecommunication
companies are talking about the 5G and Wi-Fi 6 connective speeds and required infrastructure requirements with various other technologies. 
Connectivity is a commodity between all of them, they are and will be looking for alternative product and service providers to differentiate
themselves. 

Research
and Development 

We
charge research and development costs to operations as incurred in accordance with ASC 730-Research and Development, except in those
cases in which such costs are reimbursable under customer funded contracts. These amounts are not reflected in the reported research
and development expenses in each of the respective periods but are included in net sales with the related costs included in cost of sales
in each of the respective periods. 

Available
Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 1 Technology
Drive, Bldg B, Suite B123, Irvine, CA 92618. 

Our
telephone number is (949) 872-1965. Our website address is www.GZ6G.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through the investor relations page of our website as soon
as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The information that is posted on or is accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K
and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. Alternatively, these reports may
be accessed at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov 

ITEM
1A RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

For
risks relating to our operations, see Risk Factors contained in our prospectus filed on Form S-1/A on February 7, 2023. 

ITEM
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
Applicable 

16 

ITEM
2 PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters is located at 1 Technology Drive, Bldg B, Suite B123, Irvine, CA 92618. 

On
May 19, 2021, the Company signed an 18-month lease for office premises in California located at 1 Technology Drive, Bldg. B, Irvine,
CA 92618, Suite no. B123 occupying approximately 6,498 square feet of usable space. The terms of the lease provide for basic monthly
rent in the first year of approximately 9,097 per month, and 9,487 for each of the remaining six months. In addition, the
tenant is responsible for their share of operating expenses, utilities and services. On February 4, 2022, the Company signed a first
amendment to the lease agreement to extend the lease term to November 30, 2027. The terms of the lease provide for basic monthly rent
starting in December 2022 of approximately 10,592, with annually increasing around 4 . In addition, the tenant is responsible for their
share of operating expenses, utilities and services. 

We
had a lease with IAC Apartment Development JV LLC to lease approximately 1,500 square feet of space at 861 Tularosa, Irvine, California
for a one-year term expiring October 9, 2022 at a rental rate of 3,620 per month, plus utilities, for the Company s subsidiary,
Green Zebra Media Corp. Green Zebra uses the space for its operations. Upon expiry of the lease the Company continues to use the space
on a month to month basis. 

During
fiscal 2020 the Company formed a partnership with one of its branding partners for shared office space in a 5,000 square foot office
complex located at 8925 West Post Road, Suite 102, Las Vegas, NV 89148. The shared use of the space by Green Zebra staff is currently
provided free of charge as part of the shared contract work between Green Zebra, the Company and the branding partner. 

We
believe our facilities are adequate for our current needs. 

ITEM
3 LEGAL PROCEEDING 

On
April 2, 2019, a vendor of the Company, the Plaintiff filed a complaint against the Company s 60 controlled subsidiary,
Green Zebra, in the Superior Court of California, Orange County for unpaid invoices related to services and products sold in fiscal 2017,
including reasonable value in the amount of 61,899.62. The Court approved a default judgement on January 23, 2020 with respect to the
aforementioned claim, including the following: 

Damages 
 61,890 
 
 Prejudgment interest at the annual rate of 10 
 9,835 
 
 Attorney fees 
 1,200 
 
 Other costs 
 505 

73,430 

As
of December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, the Company was unaware of the judgement. In April 2021, the Plaintiff perfected the
judgement and obtained a hold against a bank account controlled by Green Zebra in the approximate amount of 16,282, which amount
was subsequently released to the Plaintiff and has been recorded as a reduction to the balance owing to the Plaintiff. The Company
remitted a further 2,420 towards the outstanding balance. The Company has remitted a further
 2,420 towards the outstanding balance. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, a total of 54,738 remained
outstanding. The Company and the Plaintiff are currently in discussions regarding the claimed amount. 

Other
than as set out above, we know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff
in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which our director, officer or any affiliates, or any registered
or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not
Applicable 

17 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
shares of common stock are quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol GZIC . Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. 

The last reported sales price of our common stock
on the OTCQB on April 14, 2023 was 0.0057. 

Holders 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 23 stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

The
Company has never paid dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate that it will pay dividends in the foreseeable future. It
intends to use any future earnings for the expansion of its business. Any future determination of applicable dividends will be made at
the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on the results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and
other factors deemed relevant. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
Company does not have any equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchasers 

There
were no repurchases of shares of common stock made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Securities
Placed on Reserve Pursuant to Convertible Notes 

The
Company currently has a total of 774,167,393 shares of common stock on reserve pursuant to obligations to Convertible Notes. On March
1, 2023, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the state of Nevada in order to increase the number of authorized common shares
to 1,000,000,000, and to ensure the number of authorized shares would accommodate the number of shares on reserve. 

ITEM
6 [RESERVED] 

18 

ITEM
7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS SHOULD BE READ TOGETHER WITH OUR AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021,
AND THE NOTES TO THOSE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION
CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT INVOVLE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES. OUR ACTUAL RESULTS COULD DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE ANTICIPATED
IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AS A RESULT OF VARIOUS FACTORS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THOSE IDENTIFIED AND DISCUSSED IN OUR
PROSPECTUS ON FORM S-1/A FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION SEC ON FEBRUARY 7, 2023 STARTING ON PAGE 7,
 RISK FACTORS , AND THE RISKS DISCUSSED IN OUR OTHER SEC FILINGS. 

THE
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS ARE BASED UPON OUR AUDITED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS, WHICH HAVE BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES GENERALLY ACCEPTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA GAAP ). 

Plan
of Operations 

We
are an emerging smart city technology growth company that provides wireless and monetization enterprise level smart solutions to cities
and large venues that require multiple types of products, services and third-party solutions to fulfil client needs. To date we
have generated modest revenues from operations, and while we have various contracts in place for future development, there is no assurance
of future revenues. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenue 

Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

We
reported revenues of 221,946 and 78,000 in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in revenues
in the year ended December 31, 2022 is directly related to two long term contracts entered into during the year under which the Company
provides hardware installation services, professional design services and future monthly services with revenue sharing on certain sponsorship
components. 

Operating
Expenses 

Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

NET REVENUES 
 221,946 
 78,000 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Cost of revenue 
 18,276 
 43,121 
 
 Depreciation 
 125,424 
 20,429 
 
 General and administrative 
 2,957,041 
 963,068 
 
 General and administrative, related parties 
 480,000 
 330,000 
 
 Professional fees 
 95,509 
 99,099 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 3,676,250 
 1,455,717 

(Loss) from operations 
 (3,454,304 
 (1,377,717 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 
 (7,094,839 
 (8,051,277 
 
 Gain (loss) 
 3,575,831 
 (714,973 
 
 PPP loan forgiveness 
 46,091 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (3,472,917 
 (8,766,250 

Net income (loss) 
 (6,927,221 
 (10,143,967 

Less: net income (loss) attributable to Non-controlling interest 
 (56,201 
 (112,359 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to GZ6G Technologies Corp. 
 (6,871,020 
 (10,031,608 

19 

Total
operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 3,676,250 as compared to 1,455,717 for the year ended December 31, 2021.
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported costs of revenue of 18,276 and 43,121 respectively. The Company incurred
 2,957,041 and 963,068 in general and administrative expenses in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and general
and administrative costs from related parties of 480,000 and 330,000, respectively. General and administrative expenses include staff
payroll, rent, travel, office and sundry expense, transfer agent costs, consulting, marketing, advertising and promotional expenses.
The substantial increase primarily relates to new employees hired in 2022 with a total of 1,453,055 in payroll expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 527,778 for the year ended December 31, 2021, share based compensation to officers and directors
in the current year of 65,070 as compared to 0 in the prior comparative year, investor relations expenses were 754,060 for the year
ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 14,225 for the year ended December 31, 2021, advertising and promotional expenses increased substantially
from 55,263 in the year ended December 31, 2021 to 118,772 for the year ended December 31, 2022, transfer agent and filing fees increased
period over period as a result of equity financings in the period and associated share issuance costs from 41,204 for the year ended
December 31, 2021 to 83,355 for the year ended December 31, 2022, software expenses were 59,863 for the year ended December 31, 2022
as compared to only 21,785 for the year December 31, 2021 as we worked to improve our product offerings, insurance expenses, including
general, health and auto insurance were 42,799 as compared to 12,252 in December 31, 2021, and rent expense increased from 129,670
for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 220,676 for the year ended December 31, 2022. General and administrative expenses incurred from
related parties include management fees charged by our CEO, William Coleman Smith, and a company controlled by him. The increase in related
party administrative costs is due to increases in management fees to Mr. Smith in the year ended December 31, 2022. Professional fees
in the year December 31, 2022, remained fairly constant totaling 95,509 in the current year as compared to 99,099 in the year ended
December 31, 2021. Depreciation increased from 20,429, during the year December 31, 2021, to 125,424 during the year ended December
31, 2022, as a result of the acquisition of a new office space and associated furnishings and equipment. 

Other
expense 

Other expense
reported for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 totaled 3,472,917 and 8,766,250, respectively. During the year
ended December 31, 2021 the Company reported interest expenses of 8,051,277 including amortization of debt discount and issuance
costs of 7,823,512 and interest expenses of 227,765 and a loss on conversion of certain notes to common stock of 714,973. During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company reported interest expenses of 7,094,839 including amortization of debt discount and
issuance costs of 5,864,374, financing costs of 920,227, including fees paid in cash as well as the issuance of warrants and
common stock to financing agents, and interest expenses of 310,238, a gain on conversion of certain notes to common stock of
 3,575,831 and a gain of 46,091 upon forgiveness of PPP loans. 

We
had a net loss of 6,927,221 in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to a net loss of 10,143,967 in the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

20 

Statement
of Cash Flows 

Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table summarizes our cash flows for the years presented: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (2,514,937 
 (1,369,844 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (77,909 
 (251,993 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,340,207 
 2,201,084 
 
 Increase (decrease) in cash 
 (252,639 
 579,247 
 
 Cash end of year 
 507,152 
 759,791 

Cash
Used in Operating Activities 

Cash used in operating
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 1,369,844 as compared to 2,514,937 of cash used in operating activities in the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

Cash
used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily the result of our net loss of 6,927,221 (December
31, 2021 10,143,967) offset by non-cash items including amortization of debt discount and offering costs of 5,864,374
(December 31, 2021- 7,823,512), a gain on conversion of certain notes to common stock of 3,575,831 (as compared to a loss on
conversion of notes for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 714,973), depreciation of 125,424 (December 31, 2021- 20,429), and
amortization of rights of use assets of 20,033 (December 31, 2021 - 910), as well as PPP loan forgiveness of 46,091, common stock
issued as financing costs of 22,399, and common stock issued in satisfaction of consulting agreements of 794,070 all with no comparable transaction in fiscal 2021. In the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2021 we also reported 4,990 due to a reclassification of fixed assets to advertising expense with no comparable
amounts for this item in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Changes
in operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 included an increase in prepaid expenses of 30,588 (2021 - 7,319), an
increase to accounts payable of 387,972 (2021 - 100,264), an increase in related party payables of 237,382 (2021 - 179,659) and
a decrease in customer deposits of 37,000 (2021 - 78,000). We also reported an increase in accounts receivable in the year ended
December 31, 2022 of 57,845 (2021 - 0) and an increase in other current assets of 0 (2021 - 10,436). 

Cash
Used In Investing Activities 

Cash
used by investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 related to equipment purchases and totaled 107,909 and
 251,993, respectively offset by a credit for leasehold improvements in the year ended December 31, 2022 of 30,000 (2021 -
 0) 

Cash
Provided by Financing Activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, financing activities provided cash of 2,340,207 which was comprised of proceeds from private placements
of 151,104, proceeds from the exercise of warrants of 53,751, proceeds from a related party of 450,100, PPP loan interest refund of
 5,702, and proceeds from convertible notes of 1,960,550, offset by repayments of convertible notes of 281,000. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, financing activities provided cash of 2,201,084 which was comprised of proceeds from private placements
of 100,000, subscriptions receivable of 150,000, and proceeds from convertible notes of 2,108,000, offset by repayment of debt of
 151,854 and repayments of loans payable of 5,062. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company has been in the start-up phase and has generated limited revenues from its operations, and while we have various contracts in
place for future development, there is no assurance of future revenues. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit
of 8,906,205 with approximately 507,000 of cash on hand and an accumulated deficit of 23,078,343. While the Company received
proceeds of approximately 1,960,000 from certain convertible notes, proceeds of approximately 53,000 from warrant exercises, proceeds
from the sale of registered stock of approximately 151,000 and loans from its officer and director of 450,100, the Company is still
not able to meet its operational overhead. The Company anticipates a need for a further 5,000,000 in fiscal 2023 to meet its upgraded
infrastructure requirements and has filed a registration statement on Form S-1 to facilitate this requirement. The issuance of
additional securities may continue to result in significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. Obtaining loans,
assuming these loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. There is no assurance that we will
be able to obtain further funds required for our continued operations or that additional financing will be available for use when needed
or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. 

21 

Covid-19
Pandemic : The COVID-19 pandemic could have a continuing adverse impact on our existing sponsorship and revenue agreements. 
During 2021 the implementation of services under certain of our installation agreements experienced delays as a result of the pandemic.
COVID-19 has caused significant disruptions to the global financial markets, which may also continue to impact our ability to raise additional
capital. During March 2020, we gave notice of furlough to our administrative support employees in an effort to conserve resources as
we evaluate our business development efforts in the coming months. In April 2020, the Company received a grant of 6,000 and
in May 2020 we received a PPP loan and an SBA loan in the approximate cumulative amount of 90,000 for operations. During early
2022 the Company reopened its offices and continued with the hiring of additional staff as well as the upgrading of infrastructure requirements
to meet anticipated customer requirements for 2022. While recent progress in the battle against COVID leads us to believe that
the worst of the effects of the pandemic are past, we cannot say with certainty that the situation will not change. The full impact
of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve as of the date of this report, is highly uncertain and still subject to change. While significant
uncertainty remains, despite the fact that the Company has been able to source financing, it remains that the COVID-19 outbreak may have
a negative impact on its ability to work through its collaborative development efforts with industry partners, and in acquiring
venues due to the continuing impact of COVID 19, in particular as a result of the impact to the global supply chain. 

G oing
Concern 

These audited consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities
in the normal course of business. The Company anticipates a need for a further 5 million in
fiscal 2023 to meet its upgraded infrastructure requirements. In addition to the remaining funding which may be provided to the Company
under various loan agreements, the Company is in the process of filing a follow-on registration statement on Form S-1 to facilitate additional
funding up to a maximum of 10,000,000. There is no guarantee the Company will continue to receive financing as required. The continuation
of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability to raise additional equity and/or debt financing and the attainment of
profitable operations from the Company s future business. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital as needed, the Company
may be required to reduce the scope, delay, or eliminate some or all of its planned operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. GAAP ). The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience, as appropriate, and on various
other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to
occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. We evaluate
our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual
results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be affected. See
Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

Due
to the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been uncertainty and disruption in the global economy and financial markets. The estimates used for,
but not limited to, the collectability of accounts receivable and fair value of financial instruments could be impacted. We have assessed
the impact and are not aware of any specific events or circumstances that required an update to our estimates and assumptions or materially
affected the carrying value of our assets or liabilities as of the date of issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These estimates
may change as new events occur and additional information is obtained. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. 

22 

Policies 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
recognize revenue from installation, digital marketing, sponsorship and advertising fees and the sale of WiFi and communication solutions
to customers. Our policy is to record revenue from installation services upon reaching identified milestones, percentage of completion 
as set out in our customer agreements. Revenue from marketing, sponsorship and advertising is recognized when the performance obligation
is complete. Recurring revenue from WiFi and communication solutions is recognized monthly in accordance with the terms of the contract
with the customer. 

Research
and Development Costs 

Our
policy is to charge research and development costs to operations as incurred in accordance with ASC 730-Research and Development, except
in those cases in which such costs are reimbursable under customer funded contracts, in which case these amounts are included in net
sales with the related costs included in cost of sales in each of the respective periods. 

Estimates 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
use the fair value method to account for Stock-based compensation cost for stock options or warrants, estimated at the grant date based
on each instrument s fair value as calculated by the Black-Scholes option pricing model. We recognize stock-based compensation
cost as expense ratably on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the award. 

Stock
Settled Debt 

In
certain instances, the Company will issue convertible notes which contain a provision in which the price of the conversion feature is
priced at a fixed discount to the trading price of the Company s common shares as traded in the over-the-counter market. In
these instances, the Company records a liability, in addition to the principal amount of the convertible note, as stock-settled debt
for the fixed value transferred to the convertible note holder from the fixed discount conversion feature. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06 to simplify the current guidance for convertible instruments and the derivatives scope
exception for contracts in an entity s own equity. Additionally, the amendments affect the diluted EPS calculation for
instruments that may be settled in cash or shares and for convertible instruments. The update also provides for expanded disclosure
requirements to increase transparency. For SEC filers, excluding smaller reporting companies, this update is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. For all
other entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods
therein. The Company adopted this ASU effective January 1, 2021. 

The
Company has reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and do not believe the future adoption of
any such pronouncements may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

Changes
In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Since
inception, we have had no changes in or disagreements with our accountants. Our audited financial statements have been included in this
prospectus in reliance upon Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah (a dba of Heaton Company, PLLC), as experts in accounting and auditing. 

ITEM
7A- QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company and are not required to provide this information. 

23 

ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL
DATA 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS FOR AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Page 
 
 Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2
 - F-3 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
to F-26 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 GZ6G
Technologies Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GZ6G Technologies Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Going
Concern Considerations 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company
has suffered recurring losses and negative working capital which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
 Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Going
Concern Disclosure 

The
consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that the Company will continue
in operation for the foreseeable future and, accordingly, will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal
course of operations. As noted in Going Concern Considerations above, the Company has a negative working capital and has
a history of recurring net losses. The Company has contractual obligations, such as commitments for repayments of accounts payable and
accrued expenses, leases, related party payables, related party debt and convertible notes payable (collectively obligations ).
Currently, management s forecasts and related assumptions illustrate their judgements as to the Company s ability to meet
its obligations through management of expenditures, implementation of planned business operations, obtaining additional debt financing,
and issuance of capital stock for additional funding to meet its operating needs. Should there be constraints on the ability to implement
its planned business operations or access financing through stock issuances, the Company will continue to manage cash outflows and meet
the obligations through debt financing. 

We
identified management s assessment of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as a critical audit matter. Management
made judgments regarding the Company s ability to effectively implement its plans to provide the necessary cash flows to fund the
Company s obligations as they become due. Specifically, the judgments with the highest degree of impact and subjectivity in determining
the Company s ability to effectively implement it include its ability to manage expenditures, its ability to access funding from
the capital market, its ability to obtain debt financing, and the successful implementation of its planned business operations. Auditing
the judgments made by management required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included the following, among others evaluating the Company s ability and intent to: (i)
access funding from the capital market; (ii) manage expenditures and (iii) obtain debt financing. 

/s/
Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

(a
dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) 

 ,
Utah 

 April
17, 2023 

F- 3 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Related party payables 

Deferred revenue 

Debt, current portion 

Debt, related parties 

Convertible notes, net of debt discount 

Lease liability, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Debt, net of current portion 

Lease liability, net of current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit 

Series A Preferred stock,
 par, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 20,000 
 20,000 
 
 Series B Preferred stock, par, share
 authorized, share issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par, shares
 authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total GZ6G Technologies Corp stockholders deficit 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

NET REVENUES 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Cost of revenue 

Depreciation 

General and administrative 

General and administrative, related parties 

Professional fees 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Gain (loss) on debt extinguishment 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

Net income (loss) 

Less: net income (loss) attributable to Non-controlling interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to GZ6G Technologies Corp. 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Weighted average shares, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Non- controlling 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 5,000,000 
 
 1 
 - 

Shares issued to acquire additional interest in subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 Discount on debt, convertible notes issued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Convertible note proceeds allocated to warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued as financing cost 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for debt conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for private placement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Loss during the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 5,000,000 
 
 1 
 - 

Discount on debt, convertible notes issued 
 
 - 

Convertible note proceeds allocated to warrants 
 
 - 

Warrants issued as financing cost 
 
 - 

Shares issued as financing cost 

Shares issued under consulting agreements 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for debt conversion 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for debt, related party 
 
 - 

Sale of common stock under equity agreement 

Issuance of common stock for exercise of warrants 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock for cashless exercise of warrants 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Loss during the period 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 5,000,000 
 
 1 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 (Gain) loss upon note conversions 

Amortization of debt discount and issuance cost 

Warrants issued as financing cost 

Common stock issued as financing cost 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued under consulting agreement 
 
 - 
 
 Depreciation 

Amortization of right of use assets 

Fixed assets reclassify to advertising expense 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accounts receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in prepaid expenses 

Increase in other current assets 
 - 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Increase in related party payables 

Decrease
 in deferred revenue 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Proceeds from credit for leasehold improvements 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from subscription receivable 
 - 

Proceeds from related party 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of debt, related party 
 - 

Refund from PPP loan 
 
 - 
 
 Repayment of loan payable 
 - 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

Repayments of convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash-beginning of year 

Cash-end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Stock-settled debt liability for issued convertible debt 

Cashless warrant exercise 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued to settle debt, related party 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued under notices of conversion, principal 

Shares issued under notices of conversion, accrued interest payable 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued under notices of conversion, accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Shares issued under notices of conversion, stock-settled debt liability 
 3,562,826 

Initial measurement of right to use assets and lease liability 

Debt discount related to convertible notes and warrants 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

controlled subsidiary, Green
Zebra Media Corp. GZMC ), as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. All significant intercompany accounting transactions
have been eliminated as a result of consolidation. 

in excess of the FDIC insured limit. 

and for
the value of the stock settled debt with respect to certain convertible notes (see Note 6). 

The computation
of diluted loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 excludes potentially dilutive securities of underlying share
purchase warrants, convertible notes, and preferred shares, because their inclusion would be antidilutive. As a result, the computation
of net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is the same for both basic and fully diluted. 

Stock purchase warrants 

Series A Preferred shares (convertible to common at a ratio of 10 common for each 1 preferred) 

Total 

Leasehold improvements 

Software 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Other expenses (2) 

Total 

(1) 
 On
 January 31, 2017, GZMC entered into a white label reseller agreement with Purple Wifi Limited, a company based in the UK that provides
 a hosted software solution as a Wifi hotspot platform for use on a company s Wifi hardware and also provides customer analytics
 services and marketing opportunities along with ancillary support services. The reseller agreement had an initial term of three years
 and was subsequently amended to reflect a five (5) year term. Under the terms of the agreement GZMC was required to pay a fee of
 . The total amount expended under the reseller agreement was initially recorded as prepaid expenses on the Company s
 Balance Sheets and has been fully amortized over the term of the agreement on a five-year straight-line basis as part of general
 and administrative expense. 

(2) 
 Other
 prepaid expenses include annual subscription fees for software, insurance, prepaid term marketing expenses and office security services. 

Other deposits and receivables 

Total 

to the Company in tranches, deposited weekly, memorialized
by promissory notes in increments of . Each amount deposited has a term of 12 months for repayment and shall bear an interest
rate of per annum. In addition, at the option of the Lender, each loaned to the Company may be converted into common
shares at a 25 discount to the market price at the close of business on November 23, 2020 0.26 x 75 = 0.195); or 0.195 per share.
Each 25,000 may be converted at the one-year anniversary of the date of the weekly deposit, unless the Company becomes a fully reporting
company, at which time the holder may convert such debt to common shares in six months, or if the underlying shares are registered, conversion
may occur upon Notice of Effect from the Securities and Exchange Commission. On April 1, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment
to the Loan Treaty Agreement originally executed on December 21, 2020. Under the terms of the amendment the lender agreed to fund
an additional 1 million dollars over 90 business days in equal weekly tranches of 55,556. Each tranche may be converted under the same
terms as the original loan treaty, or 0.195 per share, commencing the one-year anniversary of the date of the weekly deposit, unless
the Company becomes a fully reporting company, at which time the holder may convert such debt to common shares in six months, or if the
underlying shares are registered, conversion may occur upon Notice of Effect from the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received weekly tranche deposits for an aggregate of . The Company recorded as
the liability on stock settled debt associated with the tranches which amount is amortized over the terms of the notes. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received a further under this loan treaty. The Company recorded ,
as the liability on stock settled debt associated with the tranche which amount is amortized over the terms of the notes. A total
of remains to be funded under the terms of this Treaty Agreement. 

On
October 27, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to the lender in consideration for in loans
provided under the terms of the Treaty Agreement at per share. 

On
August 3, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to the lender in consideration for in loans
provided under the terms of the Treaty Agreement at per share. 

Stock-settled liability 

Total 

Unamortized debt discount 

Debt carrying value 

Amortization of debt discount 

Total: 

Interest expense on the convertible notes 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Interest expense on the convertible notes 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Stock-settled liability 

Total 

Issuance of 1,538,462 and 2,051 282
 shares of common stock, respectively 

Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt upon conversion 

Convertible
Debt with Warrant Agreement 

On
November 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with an investor in which the investor agreed to lend the Company the principal
amount of for the purchase price of . The Term of the Note is twelve months with an interest rate of .
The conversion rate of the Note is fixed at per share. The Company concurrently entered into a Warrant Agreement for the purchase
of an additional common shares at per share for a term of three (3) years. 

On
December 16, 2021, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with an investor in which the investor agreed to lend the Company the principal
amount of for the purchase price of . The Term of the Note is twelve months with an interest rate of .
The conversion rate of the Note is fixed at per share. The Company concurrently entered into a Warrant Agreement for the purchase
of an additional common shares at per share for a term of three (3) years. 

In
accordance with ASC 470 Debt, the proceeds in fiscal year 2021 of was
allocated based on the relative fair values of the convertible notes and the warrants of 504,027 and 503,973, respectively. The
Warrant was valued at 503,973 and was recorded as a debt discount which is being amortized over the life of the Note. In addition,
the Note had a debt discount of is
being amortized over the life of the Note for a total debt discount of . 

On
April 4, 2022, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with an investor in which the investor agreed to lend the Company the principal
amount of for the purchase price of . The Term of the Note is twelve months with an interest rate of .
The conversion rate of the Note is fixed at per share. The Company concurrently entered into a Warrant Agreement for the purchase
of an additional common shares at per share for a term of five (5) years. 

On
May 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with an investor in which the investor agreed to lend the Company the principal
amount of for the purchase price of . The Term of the Note is twelve months with an interest rate of .
The conversion rate of the Note is fixed at per share. The Company concurrently entered into a Warrant Agreement for the purchase
of an additional common shares at per share for a term of three (3) years. 

On
September 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with an investor in which the investor agreed to lend the Company the
principal amount of for the purchase price of . The Term of the Note is twelve months with an interest rate of .
The conversion rate of the Note is fixed at per share. The Company concurrently entered into a Warrant Agreement for the purchase
of an additional common shares at 0.10 per share for a term of five (5) years. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with an investor in which the investor agreed to lend the Company the principal
amount of for the purchase price of . The Term of the Note is twelve months with an interest rate of .
The conversion rate of the Note is fixed at per share. The Company concurrently entered into a Warrant Agreement for the purchase
of an additional common shares at 0.10 per share for a term of five (5) years. 

On
November 23, 2022, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with an investor in which the investor agreed to lend the Company the principal
amount of for the purchase price of . The Term of the Note is twelve months with an interest rate of .
The conversion rate of the Note is fixed at per share. The Company concurrently entered into a Warrant Agreement for the purchase
of an additional common shares at 0.10 per share for a term of five (5) years. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with an investor in which the investor agreed to lend the Company the principal
amount of for the purchase price of . The Term of the Note is twelve months with an interest rate of .
The conversion rate of the Note is fixed at per share. The Company concurrently entered into a Warrant Agreement for the
purchase of an additional common shares at 0.10 per share for a term of five (5) years. 

In
accordance with ASC 470 Debt, the proceeds in the year ended December 31, 2022, of was
allocated based on the relative fair values of the convertible notes and the warrants of 948,158 and 606,142, respectively. The
Warrant was valued at 606,142 and was recorded as a debt discount which is being amortized over the life of the Note. In addition,
the Note had a debt discount in the amount of which
was recorded as a debt discount which is being amortized over the life of the Note for a total
debt discount of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid in cash to settle a portion of the outstanding principal and in
cash to settle interest payable related to the December 16, 2021, convertible note. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an accumulated shares of common stock pursuant
to Notice of Conversion from lenders to settle certain portion of principal together with accrued interest payable and fees. 

Shares issued under conversion 
 
 - 
 
 Repaid to principal 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Unamortized debt discount 

Debt carrying value 

Amortization of debt discount 

Total: 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Interest expense on the convertible notes 

Shares issued under conversion 

Repaid in cash 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Accrued interest payable 

Transfer agent fee 

Total 

Issuance of 21,990,255 shares of
 common stock 

(Loss) on extinguishment of debt upon conversion 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares in respect to a Put notice (Note 10(5)) with a strike price of 0.020025 per
share which triggered a dilutive issuance clause in the aforementioned Convertible Note agreements downward adjusting the conversion
price per share to match the strike price. 

Convertible
Promissory Note 

During
the year ended December 31 2022, the Company entered into several Convertible Promissory Notes with an investor in which the investor
agreed to lend the Company the accumulated principal amount of for the purchase price of . The Term of these Notes
is twelve months with an interest rate of . The conversion rate of the Note is as follows: 35 discount to the lowest bid
price during the ten-day trading period prior to a notice of conversion. The funds were used for operating costs and further execution
of GZ6G s business plan. The Company recorded 172,982 as the liability on stock settled debt associated with these convertible
promissory notes which amount is amortized over the terms of the notes. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued
an accumulated 8,452,680 shares of common stock pursuant
to Notice of Conversion from lenders to settle certain portion of principal. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a Convertible Promissory Notes with an investor in which the investor agreed
to lend the Company the accumulated principal amount of 54,000 for the purchase price of 50,000. The Term of these Notes is twelve
months with an interest rate of 10 . The conversion rate of the Note is as follows: 35 discount to the lowest bid price during
the ten-day trading period prior to a notice of conversion. The funds were used for operating costs and further execution of GZ6G s
business plan. The Company recorded 33,077 as the liability on stock settled debt associated with these convertible promissory
notes which amount is amortized over the terms of the notes. 

- 
 
 Stock-settled liability 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of 8,452,680 shares of common stock issued under
 notice of conversion: 

Principal 

Stock-settled liability 

Total 
 
 - 
 
 Unamortized debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Debt carrying value 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 
 - 
 
 Total: 
 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

SBA 

On
May 19, 2020, the Company received a long-term loan from U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) in the amount of 44,000, upon the
following conditions: 

Payment :
Installment payments, including principal and interest, of monthly, will begin twenty-four (24) months from the date of the
promissory note, or May 19, 2022. The balance of principal and interest will be payable Thirty (30) years from the date of the promissory
note. 

Interest :
Interest accrues at the rate of per annum and will accrue only on funds actually advanced from the date(s) of each advance. 

Payment
terms: Each payment will be applied first to interest accrued to the date of receipt of each payment, and the balance, if any,
will be applied to principal; each payment will be made when due even if at that time the full amount of the loan has not yet been advanced
or the authorized amount of the Loan has been reduced. 

The
accrued interest payable is as follows: 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Addition: Interest expense 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Addition: Interest expense 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

PPP
funds 

The
Paycheck Protection Program PPP is a loan designed to provide a direct incentive for small businesses to keep their workers
on the payroll. SBA will forgive loans if all employee retention criteria are met, and the funds are used for eligible expenses.
The loan may be forgiven in full if the funds are used for payroll costs, interest on mortgages, rent, and utilities (with at least
60 of the forgiven amount having been required to be used for payroll). Additional terms include: 

An
 interest rate of 1 per annum; 

Loans
 issued prior to June 5, 2020, have a maturity of 2 years, with loans issued thereafter having a maturity of 5 years; 

Loan
 payments are deferred for six months; 

No
 collateral or personal guarantees are required; and 

Neither
 the government nor lenders will charge small businesses any fees. 

On
May 14, 2020, the Company received PPP proceeds of . As of December 31, 2021, the Company paid including in
principal and in interest payable in respect of this loan. The Company requested full loan forgiveness by submitting
a request to the lender. The total loan principal amount of with the interest amount of was forgiven in full in
the three months ended March 31, 2022. As a result, the Company recorded the full amount of that had been received as other
income. 

Other
Short-term loans 

On
January 5, 2018, GZMC entered into a loan agreement with National Funding Inc. whereby the Company acquired funding in the amount of
 . The terms of the loan called for the Company to pay an origination fee of and to repay by
way of 176 daily payments of . As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there was an outstanding amount of due
and payable on the loan, and the loan was in default. 

(1) 
 The
 Company has deposits of and
 ,
 respectively as at December 31, 2022 and 2021, with respect to certain future services to be provided, which amounts are not yet
 earned under revenue recognition criteria provided by ASC 606 and therefore, they are not reflected as accounts receivable on the
 Company s balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded 
 as income relative to the above contracts and returned 25,000 in previously paid deposits to one of its customers. 

(2) 
 Contract
 liabilities are consideration we have received from our customers billed in advance of providing goods or services promised in the
 future or for work in progress. We defer recognizing this consideration as revenue until we have satisfied the related performance
 obligation to the customer. Contract liabilities include installation and maintenance charges that are deferred and recognized when
 the installation is complete or with respect to deposits for maintenance, over the actual or expected contract term, which typically
 ranges from one to five years depending on the service. Contract liabilities may be included as customer deposits
 or deferred revenue in our consolidated balance sheets, based on the specifics of the contract. During the year ended December
 31, 2022, we have recognized in revenue from customer deposits on hand (December 31,2021 - ). The Company and
 certain customers are currently in negotiations to determine the best way to proceed with the delayed implementation of certain prior
 period contracts for which we have received deposits but have not completed the scope of work. 

Performance
Obligations 

While
we had originally expected to recognize revenue during fiscal 2020 with respect to contracts for which we have received customer
deposits, the impact of COVID-19 had a significant impact on implementation. The Company is currently in negotiations to determine
the best way to proceed with the delayed implementation of these contracts, or their termination. 

(a)
We executed a license agreement for the country of Spain in fiscal 2016 and the Company received an initial deposit of 25,000 against
the total licensing fee payable. This amount has been recorded on the Company s balance sheets as deferred income. 
While the Company and the customer attempted to negotiate an amendment to the terms of the agreement in late fiscal 2019, the onset of
COVID-19 resulted in further delays which are ongoing. As a result, the Company is currently in negotiation for a formal termination
of the agreement with this customer. 

(b)
On July 11, 2019, GZMC entered into an Airport WiFi Sponsorship Marketing Agreement with a third party whereunder GZMC will secure long-term,
exclusive and non-exclusive smart venues for WiFi marketing, digital marketing and data analytics for various brand sponsors at various
airports across the United States. There were several venues anticipated under the terms of the agreement with installations commencing
on various schedules. GZMC generated invoices for for each of 13 venues, whereby per venue is due on receipt
of the invoice and the remaining is due sixty days thereafter. As at December 31, 2021, the Company had received partial
payments of 130,000 against the initial deposit required, of which a total of 25,000 was returned during the year ended December
31, 2022 leaving 105,000 on deposit. Previously the Company expected revenue recognition under these contracts to commence in fiscal
2020, however, as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the project has been delayed indefinitely. Funds originally provided
for the implementation of this project are anticipated to be applied as a deposit on a project yet to be identified or otherwise, fully
repaid. 

(c)
On October 6, 2020, the Company received a purchase order in the amount of in regard to a Media Agreement described in
Note 9(3) below. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company completed the installation terms included in the purchase order
and as a result has been reflected as revenue as at December 31, 2021. A further 12,000 was recorded as income during
the year ended December 31, 2022, with the remaining included in deferred income in relation to future service obligations
under the contract which will be earned over the term of the service contract. 

was payable to Mr. Terrence Flowers, who ceased to be a shareholder, officer and director
on July 9, 2018. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repaid to Mr. Flowers, leaving a balance due
of at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The amount is reflected on the balance sheet in related party payables. 

Coleman
Smith and ELOC Holdings Corp. 

On
July 9, 2018, Mr. William Coleman Smith was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company and as President, Secretary and Treasurer
of the Company. Subsequently, on July 10, 2018, the Company executed a consulting agreement with ELOC Holdings Corp., a company
controlled by Mr. Smith, whereby ELOC will provide the services of Mr. Smith for a fee of 10,000 per month. On April 1, 2021, the
Company revised Mr. Smith s compensation so that he also receives 10,000 per month directly as an employee in addition to accrued
monthly fees for management services provided through controlled entity ELOC. On February 7, 2022, the board of directors of the
Company approved and authorized a further increase of 10,000 per month in salary for Mr. Smith directly, effective January 1, 2022. 

On
April 29, 2014, our 60 controlled subsidiary, GZMC, entered into a management and consulting agreement with Mr. Smith, the sole officer
and director of GZMC whereunder GZMC is required to pay an annual salary of to Mr. Smith. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, Mr. Smith and ELOC Holdings Corp made short term loans with interest at 1.5 per month to the
Company to pay various expenses. As of December 31, 2020, Mr. Smith, ELOC Holdings Corp. and the Company agreed to retroactively
allocate interest in the amount of 5 per annum to loans, advances, wages and management fees payable by each of GZMC and the
Company from January 1, 2020 forward. The parties entered into a single consolidated promissory note at 5 per annum for all amounts
payable to each of ELOC and Smith, with a principal amount of payable
to ELOC , due on demand . 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid a total of to ELOC to reduce the principal balance on the loan. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock in partial payment of his promissory
notes in the amount of , at 0.03 per share. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s CEO, William Coleman Smith entered into Promissory Notes with the Company for
a total of due
and payable in demand with bearing interest at 1 . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s CEO, William Coleman
Smith entered into Promissory Notes with the Company for a total of 200,100 due and payable on demand with bearing interest at
12 . 

Payments on loan 

Balance at December 31, 2021, Debt, related party. 

Shares issued to settle debt 

Promissory Notes for funding provided 

Balance at December 31, 2022, Debt, related party. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company accrued in management fees to ELOC and accrued in management
fees to Coleman Smith. The Company paid cash to accrued management fees to Coleman Smith of . During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company accrued in management fees to ELOC, and paid management fees to Coleman Smith of . 

Interest payable 

ELOC Holdings Corp. 

Terrence Flowers 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock, with a fair value , to William Coleman Smith
for director services rendered during the first two quarters of 2022. 

Stock Awards issued to independent directors 

On September 1, 2022, the Company issued 100,000 shares of restricted
common stock for directors services provided by each of Mr. Procniak and Mr. Hale, independent directors, with a fair value of
 2,410, respectively. 

Sale
of equity in GZMC 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company and William Coleman Smith, officer and director entered into a securities purchase agreement whereunder Mr.
Smith sold an additional 9 interest in GZMC to the Company for consideration of 10 million unregistered, restricted shares of common
stock. On the conclusion of the transaction, the Company controlled 60 of GZMC. 

per month, and for each of the remaining six months. In addition, the
tenant is responsible for their share of operating expenses, utilities and services. On February 4, 2022, the Company signed a first
amendment to the lease agreement to extend the lease term to November 30, 2027. The terms of the lease provide for basic monthly rent
starting in December 2022 of approximately , with annually increasing around 4 . In addition, the tenant is responsible for their
share of operating expenses, utilities and services. As a result of the adoption ASU No. 2016-02 Topic 842 Leases, the
Company recognized a lease liability and right-to-use asset of approximately 645,440, which represented the present value of the remaining
minimum lease payments using an estimated incremental borrowing rate of 6.75 on January 1, 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total 

Current portion of operating lease 

Long term portion of operating lease 

Prejudgment interest at the annual rate of 10 

Attorney fees 

Other costs 

Total judgement value 

In
April 2021, the Plaintiff perfected the judgement and obtained a hold against a bank account controlled by Green Zebra in the approximate
amount of , which amount was subsequently released to the Plaintiff and has been recorded as a reduction to the balance owing
to the Plaintiff. The Company has remitted a further towards the outstanding balance. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, a total
of remained outstanding. The Company and the Plaintiff are currently in discussions regarding the claimed amount. 

(2) 
 On
 August 10, 2019, the Company s CEO, Mr. William Coleman Smith, entered into a lease agreement with IAC Apartment Development
 JV LLC to lease space at 861 Tularosa, Irvine, California for a one-year term at a rental rate of approximately 3,400 per month,
 plus utilities, for the Company s subsidiary, Green Zebra Media Corp. Green Zebra uses this space for its operations. 
 The Company elected to apply the short-term scope exception for leases with terms of 12 months or less at the inception of the lease
 and continues to recognize rent expense on a straight-line basis. The lease was renewed for two further 1-year terms expiring
 on October 9, 2022. Upon expiry of the lease the Company continues to use the space on a month-to-month basis at
 a rate of 3,620 per month plus utilities. 

(3) 
 On
 September 14, 2020, GZMC entered into a WiFi Media Solution Agreement (the Media Agreement with a city in Iowa in
 regard to a city owned location venue location whereby GZMC was granted rights to provide sponsorship advertising,
 performance marketing and professional services. Under the terms of the Media Agreement, GZMC must pay fees to the city at an annual
 rate of per annum for a period of 5 years following the initial operation of the venue location, the opening of which
 was delayed past December 31, 2021, as a result of COVID-19 restrictions. GZMC is anticipating the start date for this project
 to occur during fiscal 2023 based on acquiring the various bonds and licenses as may be required and the official commencement of
 venue services. 

(4) 
 On
 April 25, 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement with World Amber Corp.,
 whereby the Company agreed to sell to World Amber Corp up to shares
 of the Company s common stock for a maximum commitment amount of at
 per share. The Company has submitted a registration statement on Form S-1 to the
 Securities and Exchange Commission in order facilitate this funding agreement which was deemed
 effective on September 24, 2021. 
 
 On
 each of November 2, 2021, and November 3, 2021, the Company presented a Put to World Amber Corp., pursuant to the Effective S-1 Registration
 Statement for 50,000 each Put, as a result the cumulative in funds resulted in the issuance of shares
 of registered common stock at per share. The Registration statement expired on September 24, 2022. No further shares will
 be sold under this financing agreement. 

(5) 
 On
 November 10, 2021, the Company entered into a Registration Right Agreement with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. (the Investor ),
 whereby the Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, to sell to the Investor up
 to Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000.00) of Put Shares at an originally estimated put price of 2.00 per share, subject to adjustment
 in accordance with the terms of the agreement which calls for valuation of the Put price equal to 90 
 of the volume weighted average price of the Company s Common Stock on the Principal Market on the Trading Day immediately preceding
 the respective Put Date, and subject to a valuation period of seven (7) Trading Days immediately following the Clearing Date associated
 with the applicable Put Notice during which the Purchase Price of the Common Stock is valued in order to establish the applicable
 Purchase Price. To induce the Investor to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain
 registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor
 statute (collectively, the Securities Act ), and applicable state securities laws. The Registration was deemed
 effective on May 11, 2022. The Company issued an accumulated 4,747,662 shares
 of common stock under this agreement for net proceeds of 151,104 in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(6) 
 On
 April 7, 2022, the Company entered into Professional Relations and Consulting Agreement (Agreement) with Acorn Management Partners,
 LLC (Acorn), a Georgia Limited Liability Company, wherein the Company will pay Acorn 11,500 per month, and issue, or cause
 to be issued, worth of the Company s restricted common stock in three tranches, total shares equivalent to for
 the first six month period and total shares equivalent to 30,000 for each of the remaining two three-month periods. The term of
 the Agreement is for one year, broken down into three periods; the first began on April 8, 2022, and is for six months. The
 next two periods are for three months each. The Agreement may be terminated at any time, in writing, by either party. 
 If the Agreement is terminated by the Company before the end of any period, Acorn will be entitled for full payment of the period,
 and the full issuance of the shares for that period. The Company issued a total of 51,282 unregistered restricted shares on
 April 15, 2022, in respect of the first installment of 60,000 worth of common stock under the terms of the Agreement which shares
 are valued at fair market value on the date of issue. On July 19, 2022, 383,000
 unregistered shares of the Company s common stock were issued to Acorn Management Partners, LLC in lieu of cash payments of
 60,000 owed to Acorn pursuant to an Addendum to that Consulting Agreement entered into on July 6, 2022. The agreement terminated
 on April 7, 2023. 

(7) 
 On
 July 7, 2022, effective June 14, 2022, the Company entered into a Sponsorship Services Agreement (Agreement) with
 the Texas Rangers MLB Stadium called Globe Life Field (Rangers) wherein the Rangers granted sponsorship benefits to the Company. The
 Agreement calls for advanced sponsorship revenue share payments of 375,000 by the Company to the Rangers during the fiscal years
 2023 and 2024, pursuant to a split fee arrangement for WiFi managed services and Sponsorship opportunity. The Agreement offers
 the rights of the Company to place stadium ads in a shared revenue model. The Company will also manage the WiFi Network captive
 portal remotely, as an exclusive arrangement. Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company remitted the first semi-annual
 installment of 187,500 under the terms of the contract. 

(8) 
 During
 the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a Sponsorship Services Agreement (Agreement), as amended, with
 the Kansas City Royals Baseball club (the Royals whereunder the Royals granted sponsorship benefits to the Company
 for a term running from December 1, 2022 until the date of the last MLB game in 2027, unless terminated earlier. The Agreement
 calls for annual escalating payments by the Company to the Royals during the fiscal years 2023 through 2027 of 400,000, 420,000,
 441,000, 463,000 and 486,202 and annual invoices to the Royals of 400,000 payable in four equal installments during fiscal 2023
 and three equal installments during fiscal 2024 through 2027. In consideration for the fees paid the Company will have sponsorship
 rights, within the venue, across IPTV (internet protocol television) and fans mobile devices during live games and other events.

shares of common stock as compensation. The Company recorded as financing
cost. 

On
April 7, 2022, pursuant to an Engagement Agreement with Acorn Management Partners, LLC, the Company issued a total of shares
of common stock as compensation. The Company recorded as investor relations services. Further, on July 19, 2022, 383,000 unregistered
shares of the Company s common stock were issued to Acorn Management Partners, LLC with a fair value of 69,000 as compensation
owed to Acorn pursuant to a Professional Relations and Consulting Agreement (Consulting Agreement) entered into on April 7, 2022, and
an Addendum to that Consulting Agreement entered into on July 6, 2022. 

On
May 23, 2022 pursuant to an Engagement Agreement with Beyond Media SEZC, the Company issued a total of shares of
common stock as compensation. The Company recorded as investor relationship expenses. 

On
May 27, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock as a result of the exercise of a cashless warrants. 

On
July 7, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock to Talos for total proceeds of at 0.095985 per
share pursuant to the exercise of a share purchase warrant. 

On
August 3, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to lender eSilkroad Network Ltd. in consideration for in
loans previously provided under the terms of a convertible note agreement convertible at per share. 

On September
1, 2022, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock to William Coleman Stock in partial payment of his promissory
notes in the amount of , at per share. The Company recorded a gain of 14,750 on settlement. 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company issued a cumulative shares of restricted common stock for directors services provided
by Mr. Smith, Mr. Procniak and Mr. Hale during the first two quarters of 2022, with a fair value of . 

On
December 1, 2022 the Company issued shares of common stock as a result of the exercise of a cashless warrants. 

The
Company issued an accumulated shares of common stock pursuant
to Notice of Conversion from lenders in the principal amount of , and in the accrued interest payable of with a fair
value of and fees with a fair value of . 

The
Company issued an accumulated shares of common stock under an Equity Purchase Agreement with Mast Hill Fund, L.P.
with net proceeds of (Note 10(5)). 

Shares
of common stock issued during the year ended December 31, 2021: 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company and William Coleman Smith, officer and director entered into a securities purchase agreement whereunder Mr.
Smith sold an additional 9 interest in GZMC to the Company for consideration of 10 million unregistered, restricted shares of common
stock. On the conclusion of the transaction, the Company controls 60 of GZMC. The transaction occurred between parties under common
control and the value of the shares was recorded at par value or 0.001 per share, in addition as a result of the change in ownership
percentage to account for the additional 9 interest the Company recorded a reduction to additional paid in capital of 142,649 as of
the acquisition date. 

On
October 27, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to lender eSilkroad Network Ltd. in consideration for 
in loans previously provided under the terms of a convertible note agreement convertible at per share. 

On
each of November 2, 2021, and November 3, 2021, the Company presented a Put to World Amber Corporation, pursuant to the Effective S-1
Registration Statement for 50,000 each Put, for a cumulative in funds requiring the issuance of shares of registered
common stock at per share. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there were 70,837,511 and 25,177,973 shares of common stock issued and outstanding,
respectively. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

The
total number of Series A Preferred stock that may be issued by the Company is shares with a par value of . 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there are a total of 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

The
total number of Series B Preferred Stock that may be issued by the Company is 1 share with a par value of 0.001. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there is 1 share of Series B Preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Share
Purchase Warrants 

On
November 11, 2021, the Company entered into a Warrant Agreement with J.H. Darbie and Company, an authorized, registered broker dealer,
wherein J.H. Darbie and Company may purchase shares of common stock for 1.00 per share, as a Finder s Fee for
introducing the Company to MHFLP. The fair value of the warrants granted was estimated at using the Black-Scholes pricing
model 

In
November and December 2021, the Company issued cumulative warrants to convertible note holders and subscribers for
common shares, in accordance with the terms of subscription unit agreements into with the convertible note holder and subscribers. The
fair value of the warrants granted was estimated at using the Black-Scholes pricing model. 

In
April and May 2022, the Company issued a total of warrants to convertible note holders and subscribers for common
shares, in accordance with the terms of subscription unit agreements entered into with the convertible note holders and subscribers.
The fair value of the warrants granted was estimated at using the Black-Scholes pricing model. 

In
September 2022, the Company issued a total of warrants to convertible note holders and subscribers for common shares,
in accordance with the terms of subscription unit agreements entered into with the convertible note holders and subscribers. The fair
value of the warrants granted was estimated at using the Black-Scholes pricing model. 

In
November and Dec 2022, the Company issued a total of warrants to convertible note holders and subscribers for common
shares, in accordance with the terms of subscription unit agreements entered into with the convertible note holders and subscribers.
The fair value of the warrants granted was estimated at using the Black-Scholes pricing model. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of warrants to J.H. Darbie under various warrants agreements
as a Finder s Fee for introducing the Company to MHFLP. The fair value of the warrants granted was estimated at using
the Black-Scholes pricing model. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued a total of warrants to Mast Hill as financing cost. The fair value
of the warrants granted was estimated at using the Black-Scholes pricing model. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were issued from the exercise of cashless
warrants. shares of common stock issued at 0.095985 per share pursuant to the exercise of a share purchase warrant. 

Certain
warrants above include dilution protection for the warrant holders, which could cause the exercise price to be reduced as a result of
a financing event at a valuation below the exercise price in effect at the time. During the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result
of additional share issuances below the original exercise price of certain warrants, the warrant exercise price was downward adjusted
to 0.020025 per share. 

Expected volatility 
 ~ 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 ~ 
 
 Expected life (years) 
 3.00~5.00 
 
 Stock Price 
 ~ 
 
 Exercise Price 
 ~ 

2.93 
 - 
 
 Grants 

4.80 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

4.68 
 - 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

4.68 
 - 

, and an Actual Amount
of Purchase Price of . The Conversion rate on the note is per share, subject to adjustments. The total disbursement
to GZ6G was , with a term of twelve months and an interest rate of . Proceeds will be
used, for operating costs and further execution of GZ6G s business plans. Concurrently the Company issued Mast Hill a stock purchase
warrant for the purchase of shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.05 per share for a term of five years. 

On
March 8, 2023 we entered into a Promissory Note with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC for the Principal Amount of and an Actual Amount
of Purchase Price of . The total disbursement to GZ6G was , with a term of twelve months and an interest rate of
 . The note requires 10 monthly payments of 13,077.10 commencing April 30, 2023. In the event of default the holder shall have the
right to convert interest and principal into shares of common stock based on a conversion price of 75 of the lowest trading price of
the Company s common stock in the preceding 10 days. Proceeds will be used, for operating
costs and further execution of GZ6G s business plans. 

On
March 8, 2023 we entered into a Promissory Note with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. for the Principal Amount of , and an Actual Amount
of Purchase Price of . The Conversion rate on the note is per share, subject to adjustments. The total disbursement
to GZ6G was , with a term of twelve months and an interest rate of . Proceeds will be
used, for operating costs and further execution of GZ6G s business plans. Concurrently the Company issued Mast Hill a stock purchase
warrant for the purchase of shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.05 per share for a term of five years. 

In
accordance with the terms of a finder s fee agreement with J.H. Darbie the Company issued cumulative 527,400 stock purchase warrants
for exercise at 0.06 per share for a term of five years from issue date. 
 Subsequent
to the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company increased its authorized capital from 510,000,001 to 1,010,000,001 authorized shares
of which there are authorized 1,000,000,000 common shares with a par value of 0.001, 10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, par value 0.004 and 1 share of Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.001. 

Subsequent
to the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company issued 57,563,655 shares of common stock to various lenders upon receipt of notices of
conversion at prices between 0.0035 and 0.195 per share. 

The
Company has evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through the date that the financial statements were issued and determined
that there are no additional subsequent events requiring disclosure. 

F- 26 

ITEM
9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
as of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e)
and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, based on the material weaknesses discussed below, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted
under the Securities Exchange Act were recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and that our disclosure controls are not effectively designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of,
the Company s principal executive, principal operating and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions,
and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

The
Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records, that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company s assets;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment
under those criteria, management has determined that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not
effective. 

Our
internal controls are not effective for the following reasons: (i) there is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control
objectives as management is comprised of only one person who is the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial
officer and, (ii) the Company has just recently formed an audit committee with a financial expert, and thus the Company lacks the board
oversight role within the financial reporting process. 

24 

In
order to mitigate the foregoing material weaknesses, we have engaged an outside accounting consultant with significant experience in
the preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP to assist us in the preparation of our financial statements to ensure
that these financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP. We will continue to monitor the effectiveness of this action and
make any changes that our management deems appropriate. 

We
would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently, it is not feasible to hire additional staff
to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will continue to reassess this matter to determine whether improvement in segregation
of duty is feasible. In addition, we would need to expand our board to include independent members. 

Going
forward, we intend to evaluate our processes and procedures and, where practicable and resources permit, implement changes in order to
have more effective controls over financial reporting. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the exemption provided to issuers that are not large, accelerated filers nor accelerated filers under
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

ITEM
9B OTHER INFORMATION 

None 

ITEM
9C- DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREGIN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable 

25 

PART
III 

ITEM
10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANACE 

We
are dependent on the efforts and abilities of senior management. The interruption of services of senior management could have a material
adverse effect on our operations, profits and future development if suitable replacements are not promptly obtained. No assurance can
be given that each executive will remain with us. All of our officers and directors will hold office until their resignation or removal. 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of our current directors and executive officers as well as the principal offices and positions
held by each person. Our Board of Directors appoints our executive officers. Our directors serve until the earlier occurrence of the
election of his or her successor at the next meeting of shareholders, death, resignation or removal by the Board of Directors. Other
than Mr. Smith, we have no promoters as Rule 405 of Regulation S-K defines that term. 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 William
 Coleman Smith 
 
 61 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 
 
 Brian
 Scott Hale 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 William
 Ray Procanik 
 
 51 
 
 Director 

EXECUTIVE
SUMMARIES 

William
Coleman Smith, Founder, Sole Officer and Director, Member of Audit Committee 

Coleman
Smith has more than 25 years in the telecommunication industry and as a tech entrepreneur. He established two of the largest global cloud-based
application networks for the media and education industry, and developed sales channel partnerships to launch a global e-learning network
that sold software (SaaS) products through partner resellers worldwide, which he eventually sold in 2005. Because of his global network,
in 2006 he started a digital marketing agency which was the first web-based cloud, ad network that grew to over 6,500 publishing partners,
which transformed online display advertising before selling in 2010. 

April
29, 2018, to Present: 

Mr.
Smith serves as the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Green Zebra Media Corp, the Company s wholly
owned subsidiary. 

December
28, 2003, to Present: 

Smith
also serves as Chairman of the Board, CEO, and President of ELOC Holdings Corporation since its inception. ELOC Holdings Corporation
is a digital media technology holdings company. Subsidiaries own and operate proprietary Web TV channels, social media network channels,
100 s of hours of documentaries, training and education programs, e-learning technology, digital content distribution technology,
file sharing collaboration technology, digital video production, and software development. 

An
experienced industry executive, Mr. Smith held numerous roles in Fortune 500 companies, including Major and National Account Representative
for MCI Communications, Senior Clinical Representative for General Electric, and Senior Business Analyst for Dun and Bradstreet. 

A
recipient of numerous business awards such as the Ernst Young Executive of the Year in 1999 and the Ernst Young Entrepreneur
of the Year in 1996, Smith also holds several ExecRank Certifications from Understanding SEC Compliance to Translating
Cybersecurity. He s also authored 13 Keep It Simple series books for Entrepreneurs. 

In
addition to his storied business career, Smith served as a military medic in the United States Navy from 1985 to 1990 and was honorably
discharged. 

Smith
is a graduate of East Tennessee State University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance and also has his master s degree
in Business Administration from the University of Southern California. 

26 

Brian
Scott Hale: August 6, 2021 Independent Director of GZ6G Technologies Corp., Member of Audit Committee 

Mr.
Hale has been the owner, and operator of Anchor Commercial Development, a commercial real estate development company, since August 2003,
and continues to run Anchor Commercial Development on a daily basis, responsible for the day-to-day business operations. Mr. Hale has
more than 20 years of commercial real estate development experience and has successfully founded, operated, and managed over a dozen
multi-million-dollar companies with a focus on shopping center construction, renovation, maintenance, and management. Mr. Hale successfully
opened, and was heavily involved, in every step of construction with his first shopping center, Dayco Crossing in 2003, a 44,000 sq.
feet shopping center in Dayton, Tennessee. Today, he continues to build successful centers throughout the country with his company Anchor
Commercial Development. Mr. Hale is poised to assist the facilitation of development for the company through technical analysis and creative
solutions. 

William
Ray Procanik August 6, 2021 - Independent Director GZ6G Technologies Corp., Member of Audit Committee 

Mr.
Procanik has been the owner and operation of RIS Sales, an independent manufacturing company that consults and provides sales representation, for
new retail products looking to supply a Big Box Retailer, since July 2014. He continues to run RIS Sales on a daily basis, overseeing
the day-to-day operations of the company. Mr. Procanik has been in sales management and business development for the past twenty-five
years and has worked with Fortune 500 Companies, as well as start-up companies and family businesses. In addition to sales management
and business development, Mr. Procanik has experience in strategic planning, executive recruiting, contract negotiations, public relations
and public speaking, and multi-store retail management. Mr. Procanik attended college at Springfield College, in Springfield, Massachusetts
from 1990-1994, and studied business and liberal arts. He participated in College Varsity Football, Big Brothers/Big Sisters of
Springfield MA and was involved in student government, and Young Entrepreneurs Organization. Mr. Procanik currently resides in
Connecticut. 

During
the past ten years, except as noted above, the officers and directors of the Company have not been the subject of the following events: 

1. 
 A
 petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
 officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner
 at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer
 at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

2. 
 Convicted
 in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 The
 subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities; 

i) 
 Acting
 as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the
 foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee
 of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice
 in connection with such activity; 

ii) 
 Engaging
in any type of business practice; or 

iii) 
 Engaging
 in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal
 or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

4. 
 The
subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph 3.i
in the preceding paragraph or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

27 

5. 
 Was
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law,
and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

6. 
 Was
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal
commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated; 

7. 
 Was
 the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

i) 
 Any
 Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

ii) 
 Any
law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction,
order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition
order, or 

iii) 
 Any
law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

8. 
 Was
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29)
 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
 authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

The
Company has an audit committee comprised of two independent directors. 

We
have recently formed an audit committee with a financial expert within the meaning of the rules and regulations of the
SEC. 

The
Company has no nominating or compensation committees at this time. The entire Board participates in the nomination and audit oversight
processes and considers executive and director compensation. Given the size of the Company and its stage of development, the entire Board
is involved in such decision-making processes. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have
the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions.
We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has not as yet adopted a code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 due to our small
size and limited resources and because management s attention has been focused on matters pertaining to raising capital and the
operation of the business. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16 of the Securities Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class
of our equity securities to file various reports with the SEC concerning their holdings of, and transactions in, our securities. Copies
of these filings must be furnished to us. Based on a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us, we believe that each of Mr.
William Coleman Smith, a director and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Brian Scott Hale, director and Mr.
William Procanik. Director each have failed to file their initial report on Form 3 reporting his ownership of our shares of common stock
and subsequently failed to file a Form 4 reporting the acquisition of additional shares during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

28 

Changes
in Nominating Process 

There
are no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board. 

ITEM
11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table. 

The
table set forth below summarizes the annual and long-term compensation for services in all capacities to us payable to our CEO (William
Coleman Smith) during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Mr. Smith is the sole officer and director that received
compensation from us for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2021 in excess of 100,000. Our Board of Directors may adopt an Equity
Incentive Plan for us that may result in the granting stock based compensation for our CEO. 

Name and Title 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan ) 
 Non-qualified Deferred ) 
 All other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 William C. Smith CEO, CFO, Treasurer,
 Secretary 
 2022 
 480,000 (1) 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 480,000 (1) 

William C. Smith CEO, CFO,
 Treasurer, Secretary 
 2021 
 330,000 (2) 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 330,000 

(1) Of
 this amount 120,000 is unpaid and accrued monthly to Mr. Smith s controlled entity,
 ELOC Holdings, Corp. and a further 65,000 is accrued and unpaid to Mr. Smith directly under
 this employment contract. 

(2) Of
 this amount 120,000 is unpaid and accrued monthly to Mr. Smith s controlled entity,
 ELOC Holdings, Corp. 

Notes
to Summary Compensation Table: 

On
July 9, 2018, Mr. William Coleman Smith was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company and as President, Secretary and Treasurer
of the Company. Subsequently, on July 10, 2018, the Company executed a consulting agreement with ELOC Holdings Corp. whereby ELOC
will provide the services of Mr. Smith for a fee of 10,000 per month. ELOC Holdings, Corp is a company controlled by Mr. Smith. 

On
April 29, 2014, our 60 controlled subsidiary, GZMC, entered into a management and consulting agreement with Mr. Smith, the sole officer
and director of GZMC whereunder GZMC was required to pay an annual salary of 120,000 to Mr. Smith. 

Effective
April 1, 2021, the Company revised Mr. Smith s compensation so that he receives 10,000 per month directly as an employee in addition
to accrued monthly fees for management services provided through controlled entity ELOC of 10,000, and 10,000 in paid monthly salary
from GZMC. His contract was further revised effective January 2022 so that Mr. Smith receives a total of 20,000 per month as an
employee of the Company, in addition to accrued monthly fees for management services provided through controlled entity ELOC of 10,000,
and 10,000 in paid monthly salary from GZMC for total paid and accrued monthly compensation of 40,000 per month. 

29 

Director
Compensation 

Currently,
there is no formal compensation in any form including payments of cash or in equity paid for services rendered as Directors. 

Each
member of the Board of Directors received a stock award for services in fiscal 2022, however, at this time no other plan for
compensation has been developed for either salary or equity compensation. It is contemplated that the registrant would develop and
approve a plan as soon as it has adequate resources to do so. Any future plans would be commensurate with the service
provided and not exceed any industry standard for the size and performance of comparable companies in the same industry. 

Directors
may be compensated for out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending Board of Directors meetings. 

Director s
compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022 is disclosed on the Director Compensation Table below: 

Director
Compensation Table 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e) 
 (f) 
 (g) 
 (h) 

Change in 

Pension Value 

Fees Earned or 

Non-Equity Incentive 
 and Nonqualified Deferred 

Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Plan Compensation 
 Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 William C. Smith (1) 
 0 
 60,250 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 60,250 
 
 William Ray Procanik (2) 
 0 
 2,410 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 2,410 
 
 Brian Scott Hale (3) 
 0 
 2,410 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 2,410 

(1) 
 On
 September 1, 2022, Mr. Smith was issued 2,500,000 unregistered, restricted shares of common stock at 0.0241 per share in consideration
 of services provided as a director; 

(2) 
 On
 September 1, 2022, Mr. Procanik was issued 100,000 unregistered, restricted shares of common stock at 0.0241 per share in consideration
 of services provided as a director; 

(3) 
 On
 September 1, 2022, Mr. Hale was issued 100,000 unregistered, restricted shares of common stock at 0.0241 per share in consideration
 of services provided as a director; 

There
was no compensation for Director services during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have not adopted a Code of Ethics and plan to do so in the future. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

The
only conflicts that we foresee are that our officers and directors will devote time to projects that do not involve us. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any director or executive officer. 

30 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors is currently composed of three members, two of whom qualify as independent directors in accordance with the published
listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that
the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of her family
members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination
as to each director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the
NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information
provided by the directors and us with regard to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may
relate to our management and us. 

Security
Holders Recommendations to Board of Directors 

We
welcome comments and questions from our shareholders. Shareholders can direct communications to our Investor Relations team. However,
while we appreciate all comments from shareholders, we may not be able to individually respond to all communications. We attempt to address
shareholder questions and concerns in our press releases and documents filed with the SEC so that all shareholders have access to information
about us at the same time. All communications addressed to our Director and Executive Officers will be reviewed by the appropriate Officer
unless the communication is clearly frivolous. 

Board
Committees 

We
have recently formed an audit committee, consisting of our three board members, two of whom are independent. We do not have any
other board committees including a nominating, compensation, or executive committee. We currently have limited operating revenues. Presently,
we have two independent directors. If we are able to grow our business and increase our operations in the future, then we will likely
seek out and retain additional independent directors with additional financial expertise and expect to form, compensation, and other
applicable committees. Further, we do not have a policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security
holders. Our directors perform all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees. 

Our
board is actively involved in our risk oversight function and collectively undertakes risk oversight as part of our monthly management
meetings. This review of our risk tolerances includes, but is not limited to, financial, legal and operational risks and other risks
concerning our reputation and ethical standards. 

Given
our size, we do not have a nominating committee or a diversity policy. Our entire board monitors and assesses the need for and qualifications
of additional directors. We may adopt a diversity policy in the future in connection with our anticipated growth. 

Long-Term
Incentive Plans 

We
do not have a Long-Term Incentive Plan that involves ongoing Restricted Stock and Stock Option grants of which are performance based.
We have not issued any Stock Option grants. 

ITEM
12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information at April 11, 2023, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of Common Stock
and Series A Preferred Stock by (i) each person known to us who owns beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
(based upon reports which have been filed and other information known to us), (ii) each of our Directors, (iii) each of our Executive
Officers and (iv) all of our Executive Officers and Directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, each stockholder has sole voting
and investment power with respect to the shares shown. As of April 11, 2023, we had 128,401,166
 shares of Common Stock; 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding; and 1 share of Special 2018 Series
B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding to our Directors and Executive Officers as a group. 

31 

Name and address of beneficial owner 
 Common Stock 
 Series A Preferred Stock (2) 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 Beneficial Ownership as Converted 
 Percentage of Class of Stock (1) 
 
 William Coleman Smith 3333 Michelson Dr., 3 rd Floor Irvine, California 92612 
 67,500,000 (2)(3) 
 5,000,000 
 1 
 50,000,000 shares of common stock as to Series A (2) Series B - No Rights of Conversion 
 37.84 
Common 100 Series Preferred A 100 Series B Preferred 
 
 William Ray Procniak (4) 58 Woodley Court, Unit 16, Meriden CT, 06450 
 100,540 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0.08 Common 
 
 Brian Scott Hale (5) 3035 Rhea Hwy, Suite 150 Dayton TN 37321 
 700,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 0.55 Common 
 
 Total 
 68,300,540 
 5,000,000 
 1 
 
 38.46 Common 100 Series Preferred A 100 Series B Preferred 

(1) 
 Based
 on 178,401,166 shares outstanding including 128,401,166 common shares currently issued and outstanding, and 50,000,000 shares of
 common stock available for conversion from 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred held by Mr. Smith. 

(2) 
 Includes
 5,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock as converted. Each shares of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into 10 shares
 of Common Stock 

(3) 
 Includes
 the following shares issued effective September 1, 2022: 2,500,000 common shares to William Coleman Smith for services rendered as
 a board member during the first two quarters of 2022, and 2,500,000 restricted, unregistered shares of the Company s common
 stock at 0.03 per share for total value of 75,000 in partial conversion of amounts due and payable under a Consolidated Promissory
 Note originally issued to Mr. Smith on December 31, 2020. 

(4) 
 On
 September 1, 2022, the Board of Directors issued 100,000 common shares to William Procanik for services rendered during the first
 two quarters of 2022. 

(5) 
 On
 September 1, 2022, the Board of Directors issued 100,000 common shares to Brian Scott Hale for services rendered during the first
 two quarters of 2022. 

Under
Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through
any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote,
or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares.
Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the
power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire
the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing
the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person
(and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. 

32 

The
Series A Preferred Stock has a number of rights, privileges and preferences in accordance with the Certificate of Designations, Preferences
and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock filed by us with the Nevada Secretary of State, including the following: 

Voting
Rights: The Series A Preferred Stock have one vote for each share owned. 

Adverse
Effects: The Corporation shall not amend, alter or repeal the preferences, rights, powers or other terms of A Preferred Stock without
the written consent of the holder(s) of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Conversion:
The shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall convert into common shares at the rate of 10 new shares for every one share of Special 2018
Series A Preferred Stock owned. The holder of the Special 2018 Series A Preferred Stock can convert the shares into common shares
at any time. 

Dividends: 
The Series A Preferred Stock are not entitled to any dividends. 

No
Impairment. The Corporation shall not intentionally take any action which would impair the rights and privileges of the Special
2018 Series A Preferred Stock. 

The
Special Series B Preferred Stock has a number of rights, privileges and preferences in accordance with the Certificate of Designations,
Preferences and Rights of Special Series B Preferred Stock filed by us with the Nevada Secretary of State, including the following: 

Voting
Rights: The Special 2018 Series B Preferred Stock stockholder is entitled to 51 of all votes (including, but not limited to, common
stock, and preferred stock (including on an as converted basis) entitled to vote at each meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation
(and written actions of the stockholders in lieu of meetings) with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the
Corporation for their action or consideration. 

Adverse
Effects: The Corporation cannot amend, alter, or repeal the preferences, rights, powers or other terms of the Special 2018 Series B Preferred
Stock without the written consent or affirmative vote of the holder of the Special 2018 Series B Preferred Stock. 

Dividends:
The Special 2018 Series B Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends. 

No
Impairment: The Corporation shall not intentionally take any action which would impair the rights and privileges of the Special 2018
Series B Preferred Stock. 

Change-in-Control
Agreements 

We
are not aware of any arrangements that could result in a change of control. Mr. William Coleman Smith is currently the controlling shareholder
of the Company and upon conversion of his Series A Preferred Shares would remain the controlling shareholder of the Company 

ITEM
13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Coleman
Smith and ELOC Holdings Corp. 

On
July 9, 2018, Mr. William Coleman Smith was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company and as President, Secretary and Treasurer
of the Company. Subsequently, on July 10, 2018, the Company executed a consulting agreement with ELOC Holdings Corp. whereby ELOC
will provide the services of Mr. Smith for a fee of 10,000 per month. ELOC Holdings, Corp is a company controlled by Mr. Smith. 

33 

On
April 29, 2014, our 51 controlled subsidiary, GZMC, entered into a management and consulting agreement with Mr. Smith, the sole officer
and director of GZMC whereunder GZMC was required to pay an annual salary of 120,000 to Mr. Smith. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, Mr. Smith and ELOC Holdings Corp made short term loans with interest at 1.5 per month to the Company
to pay various expenses. 

As
of December 31, 2020, Mr. Smith, ELOC Holdings Corp. and the Company agreed to retroactively allocate interest in the amount of 5 per
annum to loans, advances, wages and management fees payable by each of GZMC and the Company from January 1, 2020 forward. The parties
entered into a single consolidated promissory note for all amounts payable to each of ELOC and Smith, with a principal amount of 1,217,579
payable to ELOC. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company paid a total of 151,854 to ELOC to pay down the principal balance on the loan. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock in partial payment of his promissory
notes in the amount of 75,000, at 0.03 per share. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s CEO, William Coleman Smith entered into Promissory Notes with the Company for a
total of 250,000 due and payable in demand with bearing interest at 1 . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s
CEO, William Coleman Smith entered into Promissory Notes with the Company for a total of 200,100 due and payable in demand with
bearing interest at 12 . 

The
following amounts are included in debt to related party on our Balance Sheets: 

Balance at December 31, 2020, Debt, related party 
 1,217,579 
 
 Payments on loan 
 (151,854 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021, Debt, related party. 
 1,065,725 
 
 Shares issued to settle debt 
 (75,000 
 
 Promissory Notes for funding provided 
 450,100 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022, Debt, related party. 
 1,440,825 

The
interest expenses related to above loans are as follows: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Interest expense on notes 
 54,072 
 55,713 

During
the year ended December 31, the Company accrued 120,000 in management fees to ELOC and accrued 360,000 in management fees
to Coleman Smith. The Company paid cash to accrued management fees to Coleman Smith of 295,000. During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company accrued 120,000 in management fees to ELOC, and paid management fees to Coleman Smith of 210,000. 

The
following amounts are included in related party payables on our Balance Sheets: 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Coleman Smith, President 
 67,256 
 3,946 
 
 Interest payable 
 109,785 
 55,713 
 
 ELOC Holdings Corp. 
 240,000 
 120,000 
 
 Terrence Flowers 
 110 
 110 

417,151 
 179,769 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company issued 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock, with a fair value 60,250, to William Coleman Smith
for director services rendered during the first two quarters of 2022. 

34 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company and William Coleman Smith, officer and director entered into a securities purchase agreement whereunder Mr.
Smith sold an additional 9 interest in GZMC to the Company for consideration of 10 million unregistered, restricted shares of common
stock. On the conclusion of the transaction, the Company controlled 60 of GZMC. 

Securities
Purchase Agreement William Coleman Smith 

On
April 8, 2021, the Company and William Coleman Smith, officer and director entered into a securities purchase agreement whereunder Mr.
Smith sold an additional 9 interest in GZMC to the Company for consideration of 10 million unregistered, restricted shares of common
stock. On the conclusion of the transaction, the Company controlled 60 of GZMC. 

Stock
Awards issued to independent directors 

On
September 1, 2022, the Company issued 100,000 shares of restricted common stock for directors services provided by each of Mr.
Procniak and Mr. Hale, independent directors, with a fair value of 2,410, respectively. 

Other
than the foregoing, none of the following persons has any direct or indirect material interest in any transaction to which we were
or are a party since the beginning of our last fiscal year, or in any proposed transaction to which we propose to be a party: 

(A)
any of our director(s) or executive officer(s); 

(B)
any nominee for election as one of our directors; 

(C)
any person who is known by us to beneficially own, directly or indirectly, shares carrying more than 5 of the voting rights attached
to our Common Stock; or 

(D)
any member of the immediate family (including spouse, parents, children, siblings and in-laws) of any of the foregoing persons named
in paragraph (A), (B) or (C) above. 

Insider
Transactions Policies and Procedures 

The
Company does not currently have an insider transaction policy. 

Director
Independence 

Our
Board of Directors includes two independent directors. 

RECENT
SALES/ISSUANCE OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES. 

The
Company issued the following unregistered securities subsequent to November 14, 2022 (the date of filing of our last Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q) which have not previously been disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K: 

On
October 11, 2022 we entered into a Promissory Note with 1800 Diagonal Lending, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company, for the Principal
Amount of 43,750. The total disbursement to GZ6G was 40,000, with a term of twelve months and an interest rate of 10 . The conversion
rate of the note is 65 multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 35 ). Market Price 
means the lowest Trading Price for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day
prior to the Conversion Date. . Proceeds will be used, for operating costs and further execution
of GZ6G s business plans. 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Promissory Note with Fourth Man LLC, a Nevada limited liability company in which Fourth
Man has agreed to lend the Company the principal amount of 160,000; the purchase price of 144,000. The Term of the Note is twelve months
with an interest rate of 12 . The conversion rate of the Note is 0.020025, subject to adjustment. The Promissory Note and
accompanying documents were executed on November 9, 2022. Proceeds will be used, for operating costs and further execution of GZ6G s
business plans. 

On
November 15, 2022, Mast Hill Fund LLP provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 23,258.98 and the interest amount of 26,160.00 due and payable into 2,555,255 shares of the Company s common stock
at 0.020025 per share to reduce a total of 23,258.98 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

35 

On
November 23, 2022 we entered into a Promissory Note with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. for the Principal Amount of 293,000, and an Actual Amount
of Purchase Price of 263,700. The Conversion rate on the note is 0.03 per share, subject to adjustments. The total disbursement
to GZ6G was 250,789, with a term of twelve months and an interest rate of 12 . Proceeds will be used, for operating costs and further
execution of GZ6G s business plans. 

On
December 5, 2022, Mast Hill Fund LLP exercised certain warrants on a cashless basis and received a total of 550,883 shares of the Company s
common stock. 

On
December 5, 2022 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 20,000 due and payable into 1,183,432 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0169 per share and reduce a total of
 20,000 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
December 6, 2022, Mast Hill Fund LLP provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 23,258.98 and the interest amount of 26,160.00 due and payable into 2,555,255 shares of the Company s common stock
at 0.020025 per share to reduce a total of 23,258.98 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
December 12, 2022 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 20,000 due and payable into 1,709,402 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0117 per share and reduce a total of
 20,000 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
December 15, 2022 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 30,000 due and payable into 2,702,703 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0111 per share and reduce a total of
 30,000 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
December 15, 2022, Mast Hill Fund LLP provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert a total of 62,077.50,
including interest in the amount of 28,497.53 due and payable into 3,100,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.020025
per share to reduce a total of 31,829.97 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
December 19, 2022 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 30,000 due and payable into 2,857,143 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0105 per share and reduce a total of
 30,000 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
December 20, 2022 we entered into a Promissory Note with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. for the Principal Amount of 293,000, and an Actual Amount
of Purchase Price of 263,700. The Conversion rate on the note is 0.015 per share, subject to adjustments. The total disbursement
to GZ6G was 250,789, with a term of twelve months and an interest rate of 12 . Proceeds will be
used, for operating costs and further execution of GZ6G s business plans. 

On
January 5, 2023, Mast Hill Fund LLP provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert a total of 34,650,
including interest in the amount of 2,818.05 due and payable into 3,300,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0105 per
share to reduce a total of 30,081.95 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
January 6, 2023 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 20,000 due and payable into 3,225,806 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0062 per share and reduce a total of
 20,000 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
January 18, 2023 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 20,000 due and payable into 3,773,585 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0053 per share and reduce a total of
 20,000 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

36 

On
January 23, 2023 we entered into a Promissory Note with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. for the Principal Amount of 293,000, and an Actual Amount
of Purchase Price of 263,700. The Conversion rate on the note is 0.0035 per share, subject to adjustments. The total disbursement
to GZ6G was 250,789, with a term of twelve months and an interest rate of 12 . Proceeds will be
used, for operating costs and further execution of GZ6G s business plans. 

On
January 31, 2023, Mast Hill Fund LLP provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert a total of 21,200,
including interest in the amount of 3,231.88 due and payable into 4,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0053 per
share to reduce a total of 16,218.12 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
February 1, 2023 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 16,800 due and payable into 4,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0042 per share and reduce a total of
 16,800 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
February 7, 2023 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 11,200 due and payable into 2,666,667 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0042 per share and reduce a total of
 11,200 in interest payable in respect to a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
February 8, 2023, Mast Hill Fund LLP provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert a total of 18,020,
including interest in the amount of 951.77 due and payable into 3,400,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0053 per
share to reduce a total of 15,318.23 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
February 9, 2023 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 18,600 due and payable into 4,428,571 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0042 per share and reduce a total of
 18,600 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
February 13, 2023 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 20,600 due and payable into 4,790,698 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0043 per share and reduce a total of
 20,600 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
February 22, 2023 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert the principal
amount of 27,737.50 due and payable into 5,043,182 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0055 per share and reduce a total
of 24,550 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note, and accrued interest of 3,187.50. 

On
February 23, 2023, Mast Hill Fund LLP provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert a total of 23,220,
including interest in the amount of 1,709.02 due and payable into 5,400,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0045 per
share to reduce a total of 19,760.98 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
February 28, 2023, eSilkroad Network Limited provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert a total
of 611,353.42, including interest in the amount of 111,353.42 due and payable into 3,135,146 shares of the Company s common stock
at 0.195 per share to extinguish the principal note balance in full in the amount of 500,000. 

On
March 6, 2023, Mast Hill Fund LLP provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert a total of 15,050,
including interest in the amount of 1,181.82 due and payable into 4,300,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0035 per
share to reduce a total of 12,118.18 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

On
March 8, 2023 we entered into a Promissory Note with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC for the Principal Amount of 116,760 and an Actual Amount
of Purchase Price of 104,250. The total disbursement to GZ6G was 100,000, with a term of twelve months and an interest rate of
12 . The note requires 10 monthly payments of 13,077.10 commencing April 30, 2023. In the event of default the holder shall have the
right to convert interest and principal into shares of common stock based on a conversion price of 75 of the lowest trading price of
the Company s common stock in the preceding 10 days. Proceeds will be used, for operating
costs and further execution of GZ6G s business plans. 

On
March 8, 2023 we entered into a Promissory Note with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. for the Principal Amount of 293,000, and an Actual Amount
of Purchase Price of 263,700. The Conversion rate on the note is 0.0035 per share, subject to adjustments. The total disbursement
to GZ6G was 250,789, with a term of twelve months and an interest rate of 12 . Proceeds will be
used, for operating costs and further execution of GZ6G s business plans. 

37 

On
March 17, 2023, Mast Hill Fund LLP provided the Company with a Notice of Conversion whereunder they agreed to convert a total of 21,350,
including interest in the amount of 1,139.99 due and payable into 6,100,000 shares of the Company s common stock at 0.0035 per
share to reduce a total of 18,462.01 from the principal balance of a certain convertible promissory note. 

All
of the shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as it was a transaction by an issuer not
involving a public offering; all of the shares contain a restrictive legend on the share certificate stating that the securities have
not been registered under the Act and setting forth, or referring to the restrictions on transferability and sale of the securities. 

ITEM
14 PRINCIAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

Audit
fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements included
in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K and the review of financial statements included in the Company s Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q. The aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal accountant, Heaton Company,
PLLC (doing business as Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah), for audit and review services for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 were 36,490 and 28,500, respectively. 

We
incurred no non-audit related fees, tax fees or other fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Administration
of the Engagement; Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services 

We
have established an audit committee. However, there are no formal pre-approval policies and procedures as at December 31, 2022. Nonetheless,
the auditors engaged for these services are required to provide and uphold estimates for the cost of services to be rendered. The percentage
of hours expended on Heaton Company, PLLC s respective engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent fiscal
year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees was
0 . 

38 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements. 

The
response to this portion of Item 15 is set forth under Item 8 above. 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules. 

All
schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is given in the Consolidated Financial
Statements or Notes thereto set forth under Item 8 above. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits. 

The
exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

EXHIBITS 

3.1 
 Articles
 of Incorporation, as amended 

3.2 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, as amended 

3.3 
 Amended
 Bylaws 
 
 3.4 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, amended and restated articles 
 
 3.5 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 3.6 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 3.7 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 3.8 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation 
 
 4.3 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 4.4 
 Certificate
 of Designation of Special 2018 Series B Preferred Stock 

10.1 
 Management
 Agreement between Green Zebra Media Corp. and William Coleman Smith, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 Management
 Agreement between the Company and ELOC Holdings Corp. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed on May 17, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement between the Company, Green Zebra Media Corp. and William Coleman Smith dated April 8, 2021, (incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 Loan
 Treaty Agreement between the Company and eSilkroad Network Limited, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 Amendment
 to Loan Treaty Agreement between Esilkroad Network Limited and the Company dated April 6, 2021, (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 Form
 of Convertible Promissory Note, Loan Treaty, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 May 17, 2021) 
 
 10.7 
 Equity
 Purchase Agreement between the Company and World Amber Corp. dated April 25, 2021, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2021) 
 
 10.8 
 Equity
 Purchase Agreement between Mast Hill Fund, L.P. and GZ6G Technologies Corp. dated November 10, 2021, (incorporated by reference to
 the Company s Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between Mast Hill Fund, L.P. and GZ6G Technologies Corp. dated November 3, 2021, (incorporated by reference to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.10 
 Promissory
 Note issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated November 3, 2021, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form
 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021) 
 
 10.11 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated November 10, 2021, , (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2022) 

10.12 
 Amendment
 to Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated December 7, 2021, (incorporated by reference to
 the Company s Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2022) 

10.13 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between Mast Hill Fund, L.P. and GZ6G Technologies Corp. dated December 16, 2021, (incorporated by reference to
 the Company s Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2022) 
 
 10.14 
 Finder's
 Fee Agreement between GZ6G Technologies Corp. and J.H. Darbie Co. Inc. dated November 7, 2021, (incorporated by reference to
 the Company s Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2022) 
 
 10.15 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant issued to J.H. Darbie Co. Inc. dated November 19, 2021, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2022) 

39 

10.16 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between Talos Victory Fund LLC and GZ6G Technologies Corp. dated December 16, 2021, (incorporated by reference
 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2022) 
 
 10.17 
 Promissory
 Note issued to Talos Victory Fund LLC dated December 16, 2021, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form S-1 filed on
 January 25, 2022) 
 
 10.18 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Talos Victory Fund LLC dated December 16, 2021, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2022) 
 
 10.19 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement between Talos Victory Fund LLC and GZ6G Technologies Corp. dated December 16, 2021, (incorporated by reference to
 the Company s Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2022) 
 
 10.20 
 Engagement
 Agreement between GZ6G Technologies Corp. and Carter, Terry Company dated December 8, 2021, (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Form S-1 filed on January 25, 2022) 
 
 10.21 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between GZIC and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated May 20, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022) 
 
 10.22 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement between GZIC and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated May 20, 2022, incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.23 
 Promissory Note between GZIC and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated April 4, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.24 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between GZIC and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated April 4, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.25 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant between GZIC and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated April 4, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.26 
 Promissory
 Note between the Company and William Coleman Smith dated May 3, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022) 
 
 10.27 
 Promissory
 Note between the Company and William Coleman Smith dated May 18, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022) 
 
 10.28 
 Promissory
 Note between the Company and William Coleman Smith dated June 1, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022) 
 
 10.29 
 Consulting
 Agreement between the Company and Beyond Media SEZC dated May 19, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022) 
 
 10.30 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between GZIC and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated May 23, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022) 
 
 10.31 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant between GZIC and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated May 23, 2022 , (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022) 
 
 10.32 
 Sponsorship
 Services Agreement between the Company and Rangers Stadium Company LLC dated June 14, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2022) 
 
 10.33 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between GZIC and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated July 11, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2022) 
 
 10.34 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement between GZIC and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated July 11, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2022) 
 
 10.35 
 Professional
 Relations and Consulting Agreement between GZIC and Acorn Management Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 15, 2022) 

40 

10.36 
 Addendum
 to Professional Relations and Consulting Agreement between GZIC and Acorn Management Partners LLC dated April 7, 2022, (incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2022) 
 
 10.37 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P, dated September 20, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2022) 
 
 10.38 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated September 20, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2022) 
 
 10.39 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P., dated September 20, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2022) 
 
 10.40 
 Board
 and Majority Shareholder Resolution dated September 1, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2022) 
 
 10.41 
 Consolidated
 Promissory Note dated December 31, 2020. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October
 17, 2022) 

10.42 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between GZIC and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated August 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Form S-1 filed on November 3, 2022) 
 
 10.43 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement between GZIC and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated August 23, 2022(incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Form S-1 filed on November 3, 2022) 
 
 10.44 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between GZIC and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated October 11, 2022(incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Form S-1 filed on November 3, 2022) 
 
 10.45 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement between GZIC and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated October 11, 2022(incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Form S-1 filed on November 3, 2022) 
 
 10.46 
 Promissory
 Note dated November 3, 2022 issued to Fourth Man LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 filed on November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.47 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated November 3, 2022 between the Company and Fourth Man LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.48 
 Stock
 Purchase Warrant issued to Fourth Man LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on
 November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.49 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Janbella Group LLC dated November 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.50 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated November 8, 2022 between the Company and Janbella Group LLC (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022) 
 
 10.51 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P, dated November 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Form S-1/A filed on February 7, 2023) 
 
 10.52 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated November 23, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Form S-1/A filed on February 7, 2023) 
 
 10.53 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P., dated November 23, 2022, (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Form S-1/A filed on February 7, 2023) 
 
 10.54 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P, dated December 20, 2022(incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Form S-1/A filed on February 7, 2023) 
 
 10.55 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated December 20, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the
 Company s Form S-1/A filed on February 7, 2023) 
 
 10.56 
 Common
 Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P., dated December 20, 2022. (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Form S-1/A filed on February 7, 2023) 
 
 10.57+ 
 Convertible Promissory Note between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P, dated January 23, 2023 
 
 10.58+ 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated January 23, 2023 
 
 10.59+ 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P., dated January 23, 2023 
 
 10.60+ 
 Convertible Promissory Note between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P, dated March 8, 2023 
 
 10.61+ 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated March 8, 2023 
 
 10.62+ 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to Mast Hill Fund, L.P., dated March 8, 2023 
 
 10.63+ 
 Promissory Note between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, dated March 8, 2023 
 
 10.64+ 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC dated March 8, 2023 
 
 10.65+ 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to J.H. Darbie Co. Inc. dated April 4, 2022 
 
 10.66+ 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to J.H. Darbie Co. Inc. dated May 23, 2022 
 
 10.67+ 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to J.H. Darbie Co. Inc. dated September 20, 2022 
 
 10.68+ 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to J.H. Darbie Co. Inc. dated November 23, 2022 
 
 10.69+ 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to J.H. Darbie Co. Inc. dated December 20, 2022 
 
 10.70+ 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to J.H. Darbie Co. Inc. dated January 23, 2023 
 
 10.71+ 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to J.H. Darbie Co. Inc. dated March 8, 2023 
 
 10.72+ 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued to J.H. Darbie Co. Inc. dated November 3, 2022 

21+ 
 List of subsidiaries 
 
 31+ 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 32+ 
 Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 101+ 
 Interactive
 Data Files 

+ Filed herewith 

Previously
 filed 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

GZ6G
 TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

Date:
 April 17, 2022 
 
 /s/
 William Coleman Smith 

William
 Coleman Smith 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

42 

<EX-10.57>
 2
 f10kexex10-57_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.57

Exhibit 10.57 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A
OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal
 Amount: 293,000.00 
 Issue
 Date: January 23, 2023 
 
 Actual
 Amount of Purchase Price: 263,700.00 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED , GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company (Trading Symbol: GZIC), hereby promises to pay to the order of MAST HILL FUND, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, or registered
assigns (the Holder ), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of 293,000.00, which
amount is the 263,700.00 actual amount of the purchase price (the Consideration hereof plus an original issue discount
in the amount of 29,300.00 (the OID (subject to adjustment herein) (the Principal Amount and to pay interest
on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of twelve percent (12 (the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof
(the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise,
as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date ), and
is the date upon which the Principal Amount (which includes the OID) and any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due
and payable. 

This
Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. 

Any
Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent
(16 per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ).
Interest and Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. 

All
payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common
Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall
be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of
this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same
shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day. 

Each
capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). As used
in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks
in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading
Day means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

1 

The
following terms shall also apply to this Note: 

ARTICLE
I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1
 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the Issue Date, to convert
all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities
of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined
as provided herein (a Conversion ); provided, however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after
giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s
affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder or any
of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion
of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock,
a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or
annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an
unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of
this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect
on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ),
delivered to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice
of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the
Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion
Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal
Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest,
if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). 

2 

1.2 Conversion Price. 

(a) Calculation
of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under
this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder (the Conversion Price shall equal 0.0035, subject
to adjustment as provided in this Note. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less
than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par
value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional
Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion
shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price
not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each
Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. All such Conversion Price determinations
are to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar
transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock
or any Common Stock Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding
immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. Common Stock Equivalents means any securities
of the Company or the Company s subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

1.3 Authorized
and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of a
number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 83,714,285 shares of Common Stock or (b) the sum of (i) the number of Conversion
Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at the time of such calculation
(taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied by (ii) three (3) (the
 Reserved Amount ). The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for
the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees
that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing
stock certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to execute and issue the necessary certificates
for the Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the
terms and conditions of this Note. 

If,
at any time, the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount, it will be considered an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) under
this Note. 

1.4 Method of Conversion. 

(a) Mechanics
of Conversion . This Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the
Issue Date, by submitting to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable
means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time). Any Notice of Conversion submitted
after 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, shall be deemed to have been delivered and received on the next Trading Day. 

3 

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal
Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and the dates of
such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical
surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder shall, prima
facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note
is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the Borrower,
whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder
(upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal
Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

(c) Payment
of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder
(or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless
and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder s
account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid. 

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent from the Holder of a facsimile transmission
or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided
in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates
for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within
three (3) Trading Days after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal
Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason
or for no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the
Holder is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or to credit the Holder s
balance account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s
conversion of this Note (a Conversion Failure ), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the
Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0 of
the product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder
is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which
the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written
notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of all or any portion of a
Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such
notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the
Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or credit the Holder s balance account with DTC
for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Company s
obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or
otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise
that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holder s
request and in the Holder s discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase
price (including brokerage commissions and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased (the Buy-In Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue
such Conversion Shares) or credit such Holder s balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly
honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holder s
balance account with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of
(A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing shall
limit the Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates
representing the Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required
pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4 

(e) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or Borrower s
transfer agent, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding
Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect
such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of
this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other
assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s
obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares
as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or
any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record,
or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to
the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in
connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the
Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date. 

(f) Delivery
of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares issuable
upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities
Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in
Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the
Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system. 

1.5 Concerning
the Shares . The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are
sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished
with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to the effect that
the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares
are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares are transferred
to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance
with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase
Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under
the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction
as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares
that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A,
REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

5 

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares
without such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery
by crediting the account of such holder s broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a)
such Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated
by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares
may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance
with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation
S, or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 

1.6 Effect of Certain Events. 

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as
defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant to which
the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to
the Default Amount (as defined in this Note) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any
individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. 

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this
Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result
of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes
of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter
have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to
the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not effectuate any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least
thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special
meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of
shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to
convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations
of this Section 1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to
the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off))
(a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record
for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. 

6 

(d) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights pro rata to the record holders
of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights,
the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date
on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which
the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. 

(e) Dilutive
Issuance . If the Borrower, at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or
has issued, sold or granted as of the Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice,
or otherwise disposes of, or issues (or has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase
or other disposition), any Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity
the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes
or warrants outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the
then Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by
operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants,
options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective
price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion
Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal
to the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued. By way of example,
and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement)), and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock
at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a
discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion
Price to such Base Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices
of or quotations for the Common Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated
a conversion at the Base Conversion Price. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment
pursuant to this Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. 

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) calendar day after the occurrence of each respective
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate
setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant
transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) calendar day after
each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such
time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property
which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment
is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment
or readjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note shall occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification
provisions in Section 1.6 of this Note. 

1.7 [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

7 

1.8 Status
as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the
Conversion Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the Reserved
Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder s rights as a Holder
of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of
Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the
Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares
of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion
of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying
the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and
the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust
its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights
and remedies for the Borrower s failure to convert this Note. 

1.9 Prepayment.
 At any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on
three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due
under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right
to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be three (3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice
(the Optional Prepayment Date ). The Holder shall have the right, during the period beginning on the date of Holder s
receipt of the Optional Prepayment Notice and until the Holder s actual receipt of the full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment
Date (the Prepayment Conversion Period ), to instead convert all or any portion of the Note pursuant to the terms of this
Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 1.9. On the Optional Prepayment
Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in
writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall
make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 100 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus
 (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) 750.00 to reimburse Holder
for administrative fees. 

If
the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as
provided in this Section 1.9, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section
1.9. 

1.10 Repayment
from Proceeds . If, at any time after the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under that certain promissory note
in the principal amount of 560,000.00 issued by the Company on December 16, 2021, and prior to the full repayment or full conversion
of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company receives cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, including
but not limited to, from payments from customers, the issuance of equity or debt, the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Borrower,
the issuance of securities pursuant to an Equity Line of Credit (as defined in this Note) of the Borrower, or the sale of assets, the
Borrower shall, within one (1) business day of Borrower s receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such
receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to 50 
of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then due
under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision shall constitute an Event of Default. Equity Line of Credit 
shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the
right to put its Common Stock to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price
formula (such Common Stock must be registered pursuant to a registration statement of the Company for the investor s or underwriter s
resale). 

ARTICLE
II. RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS 

2.1 Ranking
and Security . This Note shall have priority over all unsecured indebtedness of the Borrower. 

2.2 Other
Indebtedness . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through
any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any unsecured indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with (in
priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder, except with respect to indebtedness held by eSilkroad
Network Limited. 

8 

2.3 Distributions
on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder s
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other
securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common
Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock
except for distributions pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrower s disinterested
directors. 

2.4 Restriction
on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not
without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other
securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any
warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated indebtedness of Borrower. 

2.5 Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any
consent by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. 

2.6 Advances
and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without
the Holder s written consent, lend money, give credit, make advances to or enter into any transaction with any person, firm, joint
venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except
loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior
to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or (c) in regard
to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of 100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this
Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower
in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party. 

2.7 Section
3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement
structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
(a 3(a)(9) Transaction or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction ). In the event
that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while
this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than 25,000,
will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to
the balance of this Note (under Holder s and Borrower s expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). 

2.8 Preservation
of Business and Existence, etc . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not,
without the Holder s written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any
material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any
merchant cash advance transactions. In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower
shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and
become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or
remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or
in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary. 

2.9 Noncircumvention .
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all
times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. 

9 

2.10 Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a new Note. 

ARTICLE
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

It
shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether
at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note. 

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will
not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
(iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times, (iv) the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs,
and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion
Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove
(or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend
(or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Holder
upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement
or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or
any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) Trading Days
after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent
(including but not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a conversion
of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the
Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall
be added to the principal balance of the Note. 

3.3 Breach
of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any covenant, agreement, or other term or condition contained in the Purchase
Agreement, Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Warrant ), this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions,
or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith. 

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, Warrant, this Note,
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection
herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage
of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or
consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver
or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

3.6 Judgments.
 Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any
of its property or other assets for more than 100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20)
days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

3.7 Bankruptcy.
 Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under
any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

10 

3.8 Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. 

3.9 Liquidation.
 Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.10 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such
debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern 
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.11 Maintenance
of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets
which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 

3.12 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from
two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding. 

3.13 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to
the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount)
signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

3.14 Cross-Default .
The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements or
other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in the
Company s filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods. 

3.15 Variable
Rate Transactions . The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date. 

3.16 Inside
Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual
transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information
concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s filing of a
Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 

3.17 Unavailability
of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i)
obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holder s brokerage
firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrower s transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion of
any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon deposit
such shares into the Holder s brokerage account. 

3.18 Delisting,
Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock . If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower s Common Stock
(i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a Principal Market. 

3.19 Rights
and Remedies Upon an Event of Default . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this Note shall
become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount
equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment
multiplied by 125 (collectively the Default Amount ), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and
expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower. Holder
may, in its sole discretion, determine to accept payment part in Common Stock and part in cash. For purposes of payments in Common Stock,
the conversion formula set forth in Section 1.2 shall apply as well as all other provisions of this Note. The Holder shall be entitled
to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

11 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, and in addition to any other right or remedy of the Holder hereunder, under the related transaction
documents, or otherwise at law or in equity, the Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes and empowers Holder or its legal counsel, each
as the Borrower s attorney-in-fact, to appear ex parte and with notice to the Borrower to confess judgment against the Borrower
for the unpaid amount of this Note. The judgment shall set forth the amount then due hereunder, plus attorney s fees and cost of
suit, and to release all errors, and waive all rights of appeal. The Borrower waives the right to contest Holder s rights under
this section, including without limitation the right to any stay of execution and the benefit of all exemption laws now or hereafter
in effect. No single exercise of the foregoing right and power to confess judgment will be deemed to exhaust such power, whether or not
any such exercise shall be held by any court to be invalid, voidable, or void, and such power shall continue undiminished and may be
exercised from time to time as the Holder may elect until all amounts owing on this Note have been paid in full. 

ARTICLE
IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder are cumulative
to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

4.2 Notices.
 All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery,
telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand
delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Borrower, to: 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

 8925
West Post Road, Suite 102 

 Las
Vegas, NV 89148 

 Attention:
William Smith 

 e-mail:
cole@greenzebra.net 

If
to the Holder: 

MAST
HILL FUND, L.P. 

 48
Parker Road 

 Wellesley,
MA 02482 

 e-mail:
admin@masthillfund.com 

12 

4.3 Amendments.
 This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term
 Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed,
or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

4.4 Assignability.
 This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and
its successors and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the Holder. The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)
of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates , as that term is defined under the
1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral
in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note,
acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including
reasonable attorneys fees. 

4.6 Governing
Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada
without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts
located in the State of Nevada or federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The Borrower hereby irrevocably waives any objection
to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue
or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and
costs. 

4.7 Certain
Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount (or
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower
and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine
and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder
in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion
of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that
such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment
without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock. 

4.8 Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered
into in connection herewith and therewith. 

4.9 Notice
of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock
unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification
of any meeting of the Borrower s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the
event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger,
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any change in control or any proposed
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior
to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier),
of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief
statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The
Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9. 

13 

4.10 Remedies.
 The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required. 

4.11 Construction;
Headings . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Note. 

4.12 Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or remedy under
this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability
of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum
lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall
any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable law in the
nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any official
governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable
to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances
whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this
the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company,
the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holder s election. 

4.13 Severability.
 In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any
judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified
to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. 

4.14 Terms
of Future Financings. So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries of any security,
or amendment to a security that was originally issued before the Issue Date, with any term that the Holder reasonably believes is more
favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that the Holder reasonably believes was
not similarly provided to the Holder in this Note (even if the holder of such other security does not receive the benefit of such more
favorable term until a default occurs under such other security), then (i) the Borrower shall notify the Holder of such additional or
more favorable term within one (1) business day of the issuance and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (ii)
such term, at Holder s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder (regardless of whether the Borrower
complied with the notification provision of this Section 4.14). The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable
to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment rate, interest rates, and original issue
discounts. 

14 

4.15 Dispute
Resolution . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or
Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic calculation
of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed
determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the applicable notice giving
rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned
of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation
within one (1) Trading Day of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower
or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within one (1) Trading Day, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the
closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower
and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount
or Default Amount, to an independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower
shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower
and the Holder of the results no later than one (1) Trading Day from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations.
Such investment bank s or accountant s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error. 

4.16 Right
of First Refusal . If at any time while this Note is outstanding, the Borrower has a bona fide offer of capital or financing from
any 3rd party, that the Borrower intends to act upon, then the Borrower must first offer such opportunity to the Holder to provide such
capital or financing to the Borrower on the same terms as each respective 3rd party s terms. Should the Holder be unwilling or
unable to provide such capital or financing to the Borrower within five (5) Trading Days from Holder s receipt of written notice
of the offer (the Offer Notice from the Borrower, then the Borrower may obtain such capital or financing from that respective
3rd party upon the exact same terms and conditions offered by the Borrower to the Holder, which transaction must be completed within
30 days after the date of the Offer Notice. If the Borrower does not receive the capital or financing from the respective 3rd party within
30 days after the date of the respective Offer Notice, then the Borrower must again offer the capital or financing opportunity to the
Holder as described above, and the process detailed above shall be repeated. The Offer Notice must be sent via electronic mail to admin@masthillfund.com. 

[signature
page follows] 

15 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on January 23, 2023. 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

By: 

Name:
 William Smith 

Title:
 Chief Executive Officer 

16 

EXHIBIT
A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. ,
a Nevada corporation (the Borrower ), according to the conditions of the promissory note of the Borrower dated as of January
23, 2023 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for
transfer taxes, if any. 

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The
 Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
 or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). 

Name
 of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account
 Number: 

The
 undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
 below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if
 additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date
 of Conversion: 

Applicable
 Conversion Price: 

Number
of Shares of Common Stock to be 
 Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount
 of Principal Balance Due remaining 
 Under the Note after this conversion: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

</EX-10.57>

<EX-10.58>
 3
 f10kexex10-58_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.58

Exhibit 10.58 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of January 23, 2023, by and between GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. , a Nevada
corporation, with headquarters located at 8925 West Post Road, Suite 102, Las Vegas, NV 89148 (the Company ), and MAST
HILL FUND, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, with its address at 48 Parker Road, Wellesley, MA 02482 (the Buyer ). 

WHEREAS : 

A. The Company and
the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; 

B. Buyer desires to
purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement,
a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 293,000.00 (as the principal amount thereof may be increased pursuant
to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto
in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ), convertible into shares
of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and subject to the limitations
and conditions set forth in such Note; and 

C. The Buyer wishes
to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately below
its name on the signature pages hereto; and 

D. The Company
wishes to issue a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 11,720,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant to the Buyer
as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further provided herein. 

NOW THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

1. Purchase and
Sale of Note. 

a. Purchase of Note. 
On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company,
the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any day other than a
Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive
order to remain closed. 

b. Form of Payment. 
On the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 263,700.00 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to
be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in
accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver
such duly executed Note and Warrant on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing,
the Buyer shall withhold a non-accountable sum of 5,000.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer s legal fees in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

c. Closing Date. 
Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date and time
of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date that the Purchase
Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. 

d. Closing .
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location
as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 

1 

e. Warrant .
On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Warrant to the Buyer pursuant to the terms of contained therein. 

2. Buyer s
Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Investment Purpose. 
As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and Warrant (the Note, Warrant, shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares ), and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of or otherwise
pursuant to the Warrant (the Exercise Shares shall collectively be referred to herein as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or
exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does
not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at
any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. 

b. Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited
Investor ). 

c. Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. 

d. Information. 
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all
materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities
which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains
outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will
not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the
Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall
modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. 

e. Governmental
Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. 

2 

f. Transfer or
Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the
1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost
of the Company, an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance
and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred
may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the
Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a
successor rule) Rule 144 )) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance
with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable
exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation
S ), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in
form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the
Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule
and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person
through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance
with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor
any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply
with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained
herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending
arrangement secured by the Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the
Securities hereunder, and the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any
notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 

g. Legends. 
The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrant, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have been registered under
the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any
restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive
legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE]
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR
OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The legend set
forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common Stock
without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable shares
of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository Trust
Company DTC ), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered
for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then
be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section
4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its
transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In
the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant
to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined
in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

3 

h. Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf
of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms,
except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of
equity. 

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other)
to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted.
Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction
in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means
any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection
herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the
Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. 

b. Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrant, the Note, Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares by the Company and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note, Warrant,
as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note
and/or exercise of the Warrant) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization
of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii) this Agreement and the Note (together
with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized
representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement, the
Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this
Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. 

c. Capitalization;
Governing Documents. As of January 23, 2023, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 500,000,000 authorized shares
of Common Stock, of which 81,136,902 shares were issued and outstanding, and 10,000,001 authorized shares of preferred stock (consisting
of 10,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock and 1 share of Series B preferred stock), of which 5,000,001 shares were issued and outstanding
(consisting of 5,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock and 1 share of Series B preferred stock). All of such outstanding shares of
capital stock of the Company, the Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued,
fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights
of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the
effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company
(i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings,
claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable
for any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements
or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities
under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company
(or in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company
has furnished to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the By-laws ),
and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the holders
thereof in respect thereto. 

4 

d. Issuance of
Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and,
upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable,
and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights
or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

e. Issuance of Warrant. 
The issuance of the Warrant is duly authorized and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens,
claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders
of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

f. Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares
to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation
to issue, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares, are absolute and unconditional
regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company. 

g. No Conflicts. 
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and
Exercise Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws,
or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or
lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation
of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and
state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities is subject)
applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound
or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained
in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any
action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns
any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated
by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any
consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory
organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon
conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, issue Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares as applicable. All consents, authorizations,
orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected
on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein)
and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. The Company
and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Principal Market 
shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited
to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor
to such markets. 

5 

h. SEC Documents;
Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by
it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto
and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC
Documents ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934
Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at
the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable
law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates,
the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the
Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent
to September 30, 2022, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required
under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate,
are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act. The Company has not been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) since October 1, 2020. 

i. Absence of Certain
Changes . Since September 30, 2022, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities,
business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries. 

j. Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material
Adverse Effect. The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 

k. Intellectual
Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications,
patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and
copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated
to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company s
knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary
to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the
Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not
infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which
might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the
secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. 

6 

l. No Materially
Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal restriction,
or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected in the future
to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement which in the
judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

m. Tax Status. 
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns, reports and
declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and
other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations,
except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes
for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim.
The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment or collection of any foreign,
federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing authority. 

n. Transactions
with Affiliates. Except for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments
in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties
and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company
is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and
directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental
of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has
a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. 

o. Disclosure. 
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer
pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material
respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which,
under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly
announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into
an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). 

p. Acknowledgment
Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity
of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer s
purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. 

7 

q. No Integrated
Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would
require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer
will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any
shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. 

r. No Brokers;
No Solicitation. Except with respect to J. H. Darbie Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), the Company has taken no
action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s),
beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this
Agreement. 

s. Permits; Compliance.
 The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements,
variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults
or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since September
30, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults
or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults
or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

t. Environmental Matters. 

(i) There are,
to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past or
present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances,
conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending
or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means
all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively,
 Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters,
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved
thereunder. 

(ii) Other than those
that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or about any real
property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released on or about
any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property was owned,
leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any of its Subsidiaries 
business. 

(iii) There are no
underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are not in
compliance with applicable law. 

8 

u. Title to
Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and
marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in
each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto,
or such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its
Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

v. Insurance. 
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries
are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies
of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general
liability coverage. 

w. Internal Accounting
Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of
the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s
general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance
with management s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing
assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 

x. Foreign Corrupt
Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on
behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. 

y. Solvency. 
The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair market
value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and
currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to
the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability
to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company s financial statements for
its most recent fiscal year end and interim financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

z. No Investment
Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an investment
company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ). The Company is
not controlled by an Investment Company. 

aa. No Off Balance
Sheet Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not
so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9 

bb. No Disqualification
Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting
equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any
of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a
 Disqualification Event ), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has
exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

cc. Manipulation
of Price . The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price
of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation
for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another
to purchase any other securities of the Company. 

dd. Bank Holding
Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of
any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the
BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence
over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

ee. Illegal or
Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge,
any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business
entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made
or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i)
as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive
public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. 

ff. Breach of
Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties
set forth in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered
an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 

4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS,
AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . 

a. Best Efforts. 
The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement. 

b. Form D; Blue
Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide a copy
thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall
reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement
under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. 

c. Use of Proceeds. 
The Company shall use the proceeds for business development, and not for any other purpose, including but not limited to (i) the repayment
of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (ii) the repayment of any debt issued
in corporate finance transactions, (iii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person
(except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations), (iv) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors,
employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (v) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

10 

d. Right of
Participation and First Refusal . 

(i) Other
than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this
Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly,
offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any
debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible
into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a Subsequent
Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have
first complied with this Section 4(d). 

(ii) The
Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent
Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are
to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged
and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of the securities in the Subsequent
Placement (in each case, an Offer ). 

(iii) To
accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance to the Company
prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s receipt of the Offer Notice
(the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount ).
The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions
is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. 

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement
at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions
cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer
shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. 

(v) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4(d) of this Agreement shall not apply to issuances of Common Stock that have been registered by the Company
in its registration statement filed on May 17, 2021; effective September 27, 2021 as well as issuances to eSilkroad Network Limited pursuant
to that certain loan treaty agreement dated on or around December 21, 2020. 

e. Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this
Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the
total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments
which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the
 Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both
of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to
pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed
that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument
contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or
instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under
any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by
the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to
be at the Buyer s election. 

f. Restriction
on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion
of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets
other than in the ordinary course of business. 

11 

g. Listing. 
The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal
Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic
quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly
provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems
on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation
systems. 

h. Corporate
Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s obligations
hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose
Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE MKT. 

i. No Integration. 
The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require registration
of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any
other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities. 

j. Compliance
with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note or Conversion Shares, the Company
shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act. 

k. Acknowledgement
Regarding Buyer s Trading Activity . Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short
sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short
position with respect to the Common Stock. 

l. Legal Counsel
Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly supplying
to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns is
exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied and
provided the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration
statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such other applicable exemption are satisfied). In addition, the
Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will
instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may never take the position that it is a shell
company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise. 

m. Piggy-back
Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth on Exhibit B hereto. 

n. Most Favored
Nation . While the Note or any principal amount, interest or fees or expenses due thereunder remain outstanding and unpaid, the Company
shall not enter into any public or private offering of its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) with
any individual or entity (an Other Investor that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting such Other
Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect to such Other Investor (even if the Other Investor does not receive the benefit
of such more favorable term until a default occurs under such other security) than the rights and benefits established in favor of the
Buyer by this Agreement or the Note unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights and benefits pursuant to a
definitive written agreement or agreements between the Company and the Buyer. 

12 

o. Subsequent
Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall
be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction 
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or
exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock
at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is
subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into
any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined
price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be
in addition to any right to collect damages. 

p. Non-Public Information .
The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel
with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior
thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential.
The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such Buyer s
consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of, such material,
non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided, information
provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public information regarding
the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if
the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately
(no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial
liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed to the Buyer
and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 

q. D O
Insurance . Within 60 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company s
(including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period of 18 months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their
status as a director or officer of the Company. The insurance policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage. 

r. Breach of
Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in addition
to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.3 of
the Note. 

13 

5. Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates and/or
issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of the Note
and/or exercise of the Warrant, the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer
to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the
Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the
provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer
agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares under the 1933 Act or the
date on which the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable
exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates
or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no
instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer
agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided
in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer
agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant as and when required by the
Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders
its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate
for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant
to the Warrant as and when required by the Note, Warrant, and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions
and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within 6 hours of each conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant. Nothing in
this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable
prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company,
with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public
sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii)
the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable
exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one
or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges
that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this
Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section,
that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate
transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

6. Conditions
to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these
conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The Buyer shall
have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

b. The Buyer shall have
delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c. The representations
and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date, as
though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed,
satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed,
satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. 

d. No litigation,
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters
contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

7. Conditions to
The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject
to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The Company
shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. 

b. The Company
shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with Section
1(b) above. 

14 

c. The Company
shall have delivered to the Buyer the Warrant. 

d. The Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing
by the Company s Transfer Agent. 

e. The representations
and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing Date, as though
made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied
and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied
or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. 

f. No litigation,
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters
contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

g. No event shall
have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change
in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. 

h. Trading in
the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. 

i. The Company
shall have delivered to the Buyer (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
in such entity s jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction, as of a
date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and (ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called
meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby. 

8. Governing
Law; Miscellaneous. 

a. Governing Law;
Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts located
in the State of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive
any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and
costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. 

b. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile
or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. 

15 

c. Construction;
Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

d. Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that
it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove
invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, the Note,
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. 

e. Entire Agreement;
Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes
any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or any agreement or
instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. 

f. Notices. All
notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by
hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have
specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting
facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such
notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during
normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by
express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first
occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Company, to: 

GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

 8925 West Post Road, Suite 102 

 Las Vegas, NV 89148 

 Attention: William Smith 

 e-mail: cole@greenzebra.net 

If to the Buyer: 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

 48 Parker Road 

 Wellesley, MA 02482 

 e-mail: admin@masthillfund.com 

g. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company
shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may assign
its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from
the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. 

h. Third Party Beneficiaries. 
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. 

16 

i. Survival. The
representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder
notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or
alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants
and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 

j. Publicity. 
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal
Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however ,
that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other
applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although
the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with
a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). 

k. Further Assurances. 
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

l. No Strict Construction. 
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

m. Indemnification .
In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition
to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of
the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating
to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other
agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation
of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes
a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or
enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii)
any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities,
or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make
the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law. 

n. Remedies. 
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note,
the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled,
in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

17 

o. Payment Set Aside .
To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrant,
or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer enforces or
exercises its rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrant, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof
(including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or
preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored
to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar
amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver,
government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal
law, common law or equitable cause of action). 

p. Failure or Indulgence
Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise
thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not
exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

By: 

Name: WILLIAM SMITH 

Title: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: 

Name: PATRICK HASSANI 

Title: CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER 

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: 

Principal Amount of Note: 293,000.00 
 
 Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: 263,700.00 

19 

EXHIBIT
A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[attached hereto] 

20 

EXHIBIT
B 

PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All of the Conversion
Shares and Exercise Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized
terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which
this Exhibit is attached. 

1. Piggy-Back
Registration . 

1.1 Piggy-Back Rights .
If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the 1933 Act (a Registration
Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for,
or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for their account (or by
the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option
or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a merger or acquisition, then the
Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities appearing on the books and records
of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of the
Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration Statement, the
intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and (y)
offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities
as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration ).
The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the
same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus
covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement
is declared effective by the SEC). 

1.2 Withdrawal .
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any
Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written
contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection
with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3 The Company
shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable Securities
is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement
to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities,
such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable Securities
shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the
receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

1.4 The Company may request
a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such holder s
proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time to time
reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information. 

21 

1.5 All fees and expenses
incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any
Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the
Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with
respect to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in
compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without
limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the
Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of
Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the
Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single
special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities
requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses
of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event
shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6 The Company
and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers, directors,
members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding
such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls the Buyer
or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act) and the
officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally
equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual
or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
 Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in
any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any
state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B,
except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer
or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and
each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 

22 

1.7 If the indemnification
under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then
the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that
resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified
Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to
information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a
result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in
connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification
provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation
that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the
aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of
their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that
such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission. 

[End of Exhibit B] 

23 

</EX-10.58>

<EX-10.59>
 4
 f10kexex10-59_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.59

Exhibit 10.59 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Warrant
Shares: 11,720,000 

Date
of Issuance: January 23, 2023 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the execution
of the Purchase Agreement (as defined below)), Mast Hill Fund, L.P.., a Delaware limited partnership (including any permitted and registered
assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Company ), 11,720,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number
may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect.
This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated January
23, 2023, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). 

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant
or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.05, subject to adjustment as
provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing
on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the five-year anniversary thereof. 

1.
 EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a)
 Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in
whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required
to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of
a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading
Day (the Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company
or the Company s transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable
Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate
Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by
wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided),
the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise
Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic
format if requested by the Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes
to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the
date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and
the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired
upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and
at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares
purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
is exercised. 

1 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all
other rights and remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed a material breach under this
Warrant, the Purchase Agreement, and Note (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Note ). 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares
pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below
(or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall
issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X
= Y (A-B) 

 A 

Where
 X = the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y
= the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation). 

A
= the Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B
= Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b)
 No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

(c)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any
exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise,
to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together
with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or
any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including,
without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for
any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s
transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company
shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of
shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

(d)
 Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance
with the provisions of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above) pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective
Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or
otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the
Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall
(A) pay in cash to the Holder, within one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For
example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase
obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof. 

3 

2.
 ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)
 Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such
case: 

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date,
to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of
the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the
Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares,
the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares
of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this
Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise
price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and
the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

4 

(b)
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities (including but not limited
to Common Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not limited to the Holder pursuant
to (i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company issued to Holder on or after
the Issuance Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered into between the Company and Holder)
to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise
Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the
holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments,
elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction
of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options
or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common
Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance
(regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the
date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced
at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price, and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall
be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price,
shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment (for the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate Exercise Price prior
to such adjustment is calculated as follows: the total number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior
to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) multiplied by the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment). By way of example, if E is the total number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately
prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), F is the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment, and G is the Base Share Price, the adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares can be expressed in the following formula:
Total number of Warrant Shares after such Dilutive Issuance = the number obtained from dividing [E x F] by G. Such adjustment shall be
made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised
at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company
did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company
shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, regardless of
whether (i) the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b) upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance
or (ii) the Holder accurately refers to the number of Warrant Shares or Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice, the Holder is entitled
to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price as well as the Base Share Price at all times on and after the date
of such Dilutive Issuance. 

(c)
 Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock
split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number
of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant
Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse
stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination
becomes effective. Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment
shall be made successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

5 

3.
 FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ),
(ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property
and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.
 NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, three (3) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide
for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.
 WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise)
or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a)
 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)
 Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date. 

7.
 TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of
the Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the
Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed
written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall
be null and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable
rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in
whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

6 

8.
 NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder. 

9.
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10.
 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the State of Nevada or federal courts located in the State of Nevada.
The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall
not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER
TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT, OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY .
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that
any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable
statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction
document entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery
(with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

11.
 ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

7 

12.
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(b)
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on
the Principal Market, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal
Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such
security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the
Holder, or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security
as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported
for such security by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask
prices of any market makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the
Holder. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing
Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such
determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during
the applicable calculation period. 

(c)
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.001, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d)
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)
 Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint
venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency
thereof. 

(f)
 Principal Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or
quoted, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market),
or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. 

(g)
 Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior
to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(h)
 Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however,
that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

8 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

GZ6G
 TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Name:
 William Smith 

Title:
 Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT
A 

EXERCISE
NOTICE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of
the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP., a Nevada corporation (the Company ),
evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

a cash exercise with respect to Warrant
Shares; or 

by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of 
 to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

3. Delivery
 of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder 
 Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date:

(Print Name of Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
B 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the
right to purchase shares
of common stock of GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ,
as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. with full power of substitution and re-substitution
in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the
within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature)

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security
 or Tax Identification No.) 

The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership,
trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

</EX-10.59>

<EX-10.60>
 5
 f10kexex10-60_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.60

Exhibit 10.60 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A
OR REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

Principal
 Amount: 293,000.00 
 Issue
 Date: March 8, 2023 
 
 Actual
 Amount of Purchase Price: 263,700.00 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED , GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower or the Company (Trading Symbol: GZIC), hereby promises to pay to the order of MAST HILL FUND, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, or registered
assigns (the Holder ), in the form of lawful money of the United States of America, the principal sum of 293,000.00, which
amount is the 263,700.00 actual amount of the purchase price (the Consideration hereof plus an original issue discount
in the amount of 29,300.00 (the OID (subject to adjustment herein) (the Principal Amount and to pay interest
on the unpaid Principal Amount hereof at the rate of twelve percent (12 (the Interest Rate per annum from the date hereof
(the Issue Date until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise,
as further provided herein. The maturity date shall be twelve (12) months from the Issue Date (the Maturity Date ), and
is the date upon which the Principal Amount (which includes the OID) and any accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, shall be due
and payable. 

This
Note may not be prepaid or repaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. 

Any
Principal Amount or interest on this Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) sixteen percent
(16 per annum and (ii) the maximum amount permitted by law from the due date thereof until the same is paid Default Interest ).
Interest and Default Interest shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. 

All
payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Borrower (the Common
Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America. All payments shall
be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with the provisions of
this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same
shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day. 

Each
capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in that certain Securities Purchase
Agreement, dated as of the Issue Date, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase Agreement ). As used
in this Note, the term business day shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks
in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive order to remain closed. As used herein, the term Trading
Day means any day that shares of Common Stock are listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market (as defined in the Purchase
Agreement), provided, however, that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

1 

The
following terms shall also apply to this Note: 

ARTICLE
I. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

1.1
 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the Issue Date, to convert
all or any portion of the then outstanding and unpaid Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid
and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities
of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified, at the Conversion Price (as defined below) determined
as provided herein (a Conversion ); provided, however , that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
the a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of this Note, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to the extent that after
giving effect to such issuance after conversion as set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, the Holder (together with the Holder s
affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons (as defined below) acting as a group together with the Holder or any
of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note with respect
to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) conversion
of the remaining, nonconverted portion of this Note beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company subject to a limitation
on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1.1, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the
Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination
as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1.1, in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock,
a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or
annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Note, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. Person 
and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an
unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Note. The number of Conversion Shares to be issued upon each conversion of
this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect
on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Notice of Conversion ),
delivered to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice
of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the
Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion
Date ). The term Conversion Amount means, with respect to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the Principal
Amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, on such Principal Amount at the Interest Rate to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest,
if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2). 

2 

1.2 Conversion Price. 

(a) Calculation
of Conversion Price. The per share conversion price into which Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under
this Note shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock hereunder (the Conversion Price shall equal 0.0035, subject
to adjustment as provided in this Note. If at any time the Conversion Price as determined hereunder for any conversion would be less
than the par value of the Common Stock, then at the sole discretion of the Holder, the Conversion Price hereunder may equal such par
value for such conversion and the Conversion Amount for such conversion may be increased to include Additional Principal, where Additional
Principal means such additional amount to be added to the Conversion Amount to the extent necessary to cause the number of conversion
shares issuable upon such conversion to equal the same number of conversion shares as would have been issued had the Conversion Price
not been adjusted by the Holder to the par value price. Holder shall be entitled to deduct 1,750.00 from the conversion amount in each
Notice of Conversion to cover Holder s fees associated with each Notice of Conversion. All such Conversion Price determinations
are to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, rights offerings, reclassification or similar
transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock. If the Company, at any time while this Note is outstanding:
(i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock
or any Common Stock Equivalents, (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including
by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues, in the event of a
reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied
by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Company) outstanding
immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after
such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence shall become effective immediately after the record date
for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after
the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. Common Stock Equivalents means any securities
of the Company or the Company s subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including,
without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

1.3 Authorized
and Reserved Shares. The Borrower covenants that at all times until the Note is satisfied in full, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of a
number of Conversion Shares equal to the greater of: (a) 83,714,285 shares of Common Stock or (b) the sum of (i) the number of Conversion
Shares issuable upon the full conversion of this Note (assuming no payment of Principal Amount or interest) at the time of such calculation
(taking into consideration any adjustments to the Conversion Price as provided in this Note) multiplied by (ii) three (3) (the
 Reserved Amount ). The Borrower represents that upon issuance, the Conversion Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. The Borrower (i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for
the Conversion Shares or instructions to have the Conversion Shares issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof, and (ii) agrees
that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of executing
stock certificates or cause the Company to electronically issue shares of Common Stock to execute and issue the necessary certificates
for the Conversion Shares or cause the Conversion Shares to be issued as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof in accordance with the
terms and conditions of this Note. 

If,
at any time, the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount, it will be considered an Event of Default (as defined in the Note) under
this Note. 

1.4 Method of Conversion. 

(a) Mechanics
of Conversion . This Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part, on any calendar day, at any time on or following the
Issue Date, by submitting to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable
means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time). Any Notice of Conversion submitted
after 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, shall be deemed to have been delivered and received on the next Trading Day. 

3 

(b) Surrender
of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid Principal
Amount is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the Principal Amount so converted and the dates of
such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower, so as not to require physical
surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such records of the Holder shall, prima
facie, be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any portion of this Note
is converted as aforesaid, the Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically surrenders this Note to the Borrower,
whereupon the Borrower will forthwith issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, registered as the Holder
(upon payment by the Holder of any applicable transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining unpaid Principal
Amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted Principal Amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

(c) Payment
of Taxes . The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue
and delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder
(or in street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver any such shares or other securities or property unless
and until the person or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name such shares are to be held for the Holder s
account) requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax or shall have established to the
satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax has been paid. 

(d) Delivery
of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent from the Holder of a facsimile transmission
or e-mail (or other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided
in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates
for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) within
three (3) Trading Days after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid Principal
Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note, surrender of this Note). If the Company shall fail for any reason
or for no reason to issue to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline a certificate for the number of Conversion Shares or to which the
Holder is entitled hereunder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or to credit the Holder s
balance account with DTC (as defined below) for such number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s
conversion of this Note (a Conversion Failure ), then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, (i) the
Company shall pay in cash to the Holder on each day after the Deadline and during such Conversion Failure an amount equal to 2.0 of
the product of (A) the sum of the number of Conversion Shares not issued to the Holder on or prior to the Deadline and to which the Holder
is entitled and (B) the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding the last possible date which
the Company could have issued such Conversion Shares to the Holder without violating this Section 1.4(d); and (ii) the Holder, upon written
notice to the Company, may void all or any portion of such Notice of Conversion; provided that the voiding of all or any portion of a
Notice of Conversion shall not affect the Company s obligations to make any payments which have accrued prior to the date of such
notice. In addition to the foregoing, if on or prior to the Deadline the Company shall fail to issue and deliver a certificate to the
Holder and register such Conversion Shares on the Company s share register or credit the Holder s balance account with DTC
for the number of Conversion Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s exercise hereunder or pursuant to the Company s
obligation pursuant to clause (ii) below, and if on or after such Trading Day the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or
otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise
that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company, then the Company shall, within two (2) Trading Days after the Holder s
request and in the Holder s discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase
price (including brokerage commissions and other reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock
so purchased (the Buy-In Price ), at which point the Company s obligation to deliver such certificate (and to issue
such Conversion Shares) or credit such Holder s balance account with DTC for such Conversion Shares shall terminate, or (ii) promptly
honor its obligation to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Conversion Shares or credit such Holder s
balance account with DTC and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of
(A) such number of shares of Common Stock, times (B) the closing sales price of the Common Stock on the date of exercise. Nothing shall
limit the Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation,
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates
representing the Conversion Shares (or to electronically deliver such Conversion Shares) upon the conversion of this Note as required
pursuant to the terms hereof. 

4 

(e) Obligation
of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. At the time that the Holder submits the Notice of Conversion to the Borrower or Borrower s
transfer agent, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Conversion Shares issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding
Principal Amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest (including any Default Interest) under this Note shall be reduced to reflect
such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with respect to the portion of
this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other
assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower s
obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for the Conversion Shares (or cause the electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares
as contemplated by Section 1.4(f) hereof) shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder
to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or
any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record,
or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to
the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in
connection with such conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall be the Conversion Date so long as the
Notice of Conversion is sent to the Borrower or Borrower s transfer agent before 11:59 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date. 

(f) Delivery
of Conversion Shares by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Conversion Shares issuable
upon conversion hereof, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities
Transfer or Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian programs, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in
Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the
Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion hereof to the Holder by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system. 

1.5 Concerning
the Shares . The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are
sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished
with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined in the Purchase Agreement)) to the effect that
the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares
are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, or (iv) such shares are transferred
to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance
with this Section 1.5 and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). Except as otherwise provided in the Purchase
Agreement (and subject to the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Conversion Shares have been registered under
the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction
as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each certificate for the Conversion Shares
that has not been so included in an effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an effective registration
statement or an exemption that permits removal of the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as appropriate: 

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE THE LEGAL COUNSEL OPINION (AS DEFINED IN THE PURCHASE AGREEMENT)),
IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A,
REGULATION S UNDER SAID ACT, OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION
WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

5 

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue to the Holder a certificate for the applicable Conversion Shares
without such legend upon which it is stamped or (as requested by the Holder) issue the applicable Conversion Shares by electronic delivery
by crediting the account of such holder s broker with DTC, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws: (a)
such Conversion Shares are registered for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be
sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities
as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Holder provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated
by and in accordance with Section 4(m) of the Purchase Agreement) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Conversion Shares
may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected.
The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Holder agrees
to sell all Conversion Shares, including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance
with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Conversion Shares pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption, at the Deadline, notwithstanding that the conditions of Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation
S, or other applicable exemption, as applicable, have been met, it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 

1.6 Effect of Certain Events. 

(a) Effect
of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Borrower, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as
defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall either: (i) be deemed to be an Event of Default pursuant to which
the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to
the Default Amount (as defined in this Note) or (ii) be treated pursuant to Section 1.6(b) hereof. Person shall mean any
individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. 

(b) Adjustment
Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of this
Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result
of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of another class or classes
of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter
have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified herein and in lieu
of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which the Holder would
have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction (without
regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to
the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not effectuate any transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, at least
thirty (30) days prior written notice (but in any event at least fifteen (15) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special
meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of
shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to
convert this Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations
of this Section 1.6(b). The above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

(c) Adjustment
Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to
the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off))
(a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note after the date of record
for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been payable to the
Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of Common
Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. 

6 

(d) Purchase
Rights. If, at any time when all or any portion of this Note is issued and outstanding, the Borrower issues any convertible securities
or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property (the Purchase Rights pro rata to the record holders
of any class of Common Stock, then the Holder of this Note will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights,
the aggregate Purchase Rights which such Holder could have acquired if such Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete conversion of this Note (without regard to any limitations on conversion contained herein) immediately before the date
on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which
the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights. 

(e) Dilutive
Issuance . If the Borrower, at any time while this Note or any amounts due hereunder are outstanding, issues, sells or grants (or
has issued, sold or granted as of the Issue Date, as the case may be) any option to purchase, or sells or grants any right to reprice,
or otherwise disposes of, or issues (or has sold or issued, as the case may be, or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase
or other disposition), any Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exercisable for, or otherwise entitle any person or entity
the right to acquire, shares of Common Stock (including, without limitation, upon conversion of this Note, and any convertible notes
or warrants outstanding as of or following the Issue Date), in each or any case at an effective price per share that is lower than the
then Conversion Price (such lower price, the Base Conversion Price and such issuances, collectively, a Dilutive
Issuance (it being agreed that if the holder of the Common Stock or other securities so issued shall at any time, whether by
operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants,
options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective
price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion
Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, at the option of the Holder, to a price equal
to the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or other securities are issued. By way of example,
and for the avoidance of doubt, if the Company issues a convertible promissory note (including but not limited to a Variable Rate Transaction
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement)), and the holder of such convertible promissory note has the right to convert it into Common Stock
at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a
discount that varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the Common Stock), then the Holder has the right to reduce the Conversion
Price to such Base Conversion Price (including but not limited to a conversion price with a discount that varies with the trading prices
of or quotations for the Common Stock) in perpetuity regardless of whether the holder of such convertible promissory note ever effectuated
a conversion at the Base Conversion Price. In the event of an issuance of securities involving multiple tranches or closings, any adjustment
pursuant to this Section 1.6(e) shall be calculated as if all such securities were issued at the initial closing. 

(f) Notice
of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note, the Borrower shall, at its expense and within one (1) calendar day after the occurrence of each respective
adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price, compute such adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to the Holder a certificate
setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock
and the amount, if any, of other securities or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed
facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant
transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment or readjustment. In addition, the Borrower shall, within one (1) calendar day after
each written request from the Holder, furnish to such Holder a like certificate setting forth (i) the Conversion Price in effect at such
time based upon the Dilutive Issuance, (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock and the amount, if any, of other securities or property
which at the time would be received upon conversion of the Note, (iii) the detailed facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment
is based, and (iv) copies of the documentation (including but not limited to relevant transaction documents) that evidences the adjustment
or readjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, each adjustment or readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described
in Section 1.6 of this Note shall occur without any action by the Holder and regardless of whether the Borrower complied with the notification
provisions in Section 1.6 of this Note. 

1.7 [Intentionally
Omitted] . 

7 

1.8 Status
as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion by a Holder, (i) the Conversion Shares covered thereby (other than the
Conversion Shares, if any, which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder s allocated portion of the Reserved
Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder s rights as a Holder
of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares of
Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the
Borrower to comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Holder has not received certificates for all shares
of Common Stock prior to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with respect to a conversion of any portion
of this Note for any reason, then (unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of Common Stock by so notifying
the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions of this Note and
the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, adjust
its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights
and remedies for the Borrower s failure to convert this Note. 

1.9 Prepayment.
 At any time prior to the date that an Event of Default occurs under this Note, the Borrower shall have the right, exercisable on
three (3) Trading Days prior written notice to the Holder of the Note, to prepay the outstanding Principal Amount and interest then due
under this Note in accordance with this Section 1.9. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an Optional Prepayment Notice shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right
to prepay the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be three (3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice
(the Optional Prepayment Date ). The Holder shall have the right, during the period beginning on the date of Holder s
receipt of the Optional Prepayment Notice and until the Holder s actual receipt of the full prepayment amount on the Optional Prepayment
Date (the Prepayment Conversion Period ), to instead convert all or any portion of the Note pursuant to the terms of this
Note, including the amount of this Note to be prepaid by the Borrower in accordance with this Section 1.9. On the Optional Prepayment
Date, the Borrower shall make payment of the amounts designated below to or upon the order of the Holder as specified by the Holder in
writing to the Borrower. If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note in accordance with this Section 1.9, the Borrower shall
make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the sum of: (w) 100 multiplied by the Principal Amount then outstanding plus
 (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the Principal Amount to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) 750.00 to reimburse Holder
for administrative fees. 

If
the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails to pay the applicable prepayment amount due to the Holder of the Note as
provided in this Section 1.9, then the Borrower shall forever forfeit its right to prepay any part of the Note pursuant to this Section
1.9. 

1.10 Repayment
from Proceeds . If, at any time after the full repayment or full conversion of all amounts owed under that certain promissory note
in the principal amount of 560,000.00 issued by the Company on December 16, 2021, and prior to the full repayment or full conversion
of all amounts owed under this Note, the Company receives cash proceeds from any source or series of related or unrelated sources, including
but not limited to, from payments from customers, the issuance of equity or debt, the conversion of outstanding warrants of the Borrower,
the issuance of securities pursuant to an Equity Line of Credit (as defined in this Note) of the Borrower, or the sale of assets, the
Borrower shall, within one (1) business day of Borrower s receipt of such proceeds, inform the Holder of or publicly disclose such
receipt, following which the Holder shall have the right in its sole discretion to require the Borrower to immediately apply up to 50 
of such proceeds to repay all or any portion of the outstanding Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) then due
under this Note. Failure of the Borrower to comply with this provision shall constitute an Event of Default. Equity Line of Credit 
shall mean any transaction involving a written agreement between the Company and an investor or underwriter whereby the Company has the
right to put its Common Stock to the investor or underwriter over an agreed period of time and at an agreed price or price
formula (such Common Stock must be registered pursuant to a registration statement of the Company for the investor s or underwriter s
resale). 

ARTICLE
II. RANKING AND CERTAIN COVENANTS 

2.1 Ranking
and Security . This Note shall have priority over all unsecured indebtedness of the Borrower. 

2.2 Other
Indebtedness . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not (directly or indirectly through
any Subsidiary or affiliate) incur or suffer to exist or guarantee any unsecured indebtedness that is senior to or pari passu with (in
priority of payment and performance) the Borrower s obligations hereunder, except with respect to indebtedness held by eSilkroad
Network Limited. 

8 

2.3 Distributions
on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the Holder s
written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other
securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common
Stock or (b) directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or distribution in respect of its capital stock
except for distributions pursuant to any shareholders rights plan which is approved by a majority of the Borrower s disinterested
directors. 

2.4 Restriction
on Stock Repurchases and Debt Repayments. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not
without the Holder s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether for cash or in exchange for property or other
securities or otherwise) in any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital stock of the Borrower or any
warrants, rights or options to purchase or acquire any such shares, or repay any pari passu or subordinated indebtedness of Borrower. 

2.5 Sale
of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any
consent by the Holder to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. 

2.6 Advances
and Loans; Affiliate Transactions. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without
the Holder s written consent, lend money, give credit, make advances to or enter into any transaction with any person, firm, joint
venture or corporation, including, without limitation, officers, directors, employees, subsidiaries and affiliates of the Borrower, except
loans, credits or advances (a) in existence or committed on the Issue Date and which the Borrower has informed Holder in writing prior
to the Issue Date, (b) in regard to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, made in the ordinary course of business or (c) in regard
to transactions with unaffiliated third parties, not in excess of 100,000. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this
Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s written consent, repay any affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower
in connection with any indebtedness or accrued amounts owed to any such party. 

2.7 Section
3(a)(9) or 3(a)(10) Transaction . So long as this Note is outstanding, the Borrower shall not enter into any transaction or arrangement
structured in accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in part, either Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
(a 3(a)(9) Transaction or Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a 3(a)(10) Transaction ). In the event
that the Borrower does enter into, or makes any issuance of Common Stock related to a 3(a)(9) Transaction or a 3(a)(10) Transaction while
this note is outstanding, a liquidated damages charge of 25 of the outstanding principal balance of this Note, but not less than 25,000,
will be assessed and will become immediately due and payable to the Holder at its election in the form of a cash payment or added to
the balance of this Note (under Holder s and Borrower s expectation that this amount will tack back to the Issue Date). 

2.8 Preservation
of Business and Existence, etc . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not,
without the Holder s written consent, (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, change the structure of any
material assets other than in the ordinary course of business; (c) enter into a Variable Rate Transaction; or (d) enter into any
merchant cash advance transactions. In addition, so long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower
shall maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and
become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries (other than dormant Subsidiaries that have no or minimum assets) to become or
remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or
in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary. 

2.9 Noncircumvention .
The Company hereby covenants and agrees that the Company will not, by amendment of its Certificate or Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws,
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, and will at all
times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Note and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of the Holder. 

9 

2.10 Lost,
Stolen or Mutilated Note . Upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Note, and, in the case of loss, theft or destruction, of any indemnification undertaking by the Holder to the Company
in customary form and, in the case of mutilation, upon surrender and cancellation of this Note, the Company shall execute and deliver
to the Holder a new Note. 

ARTICLE
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

It
shall be considered an event of default if any of the following events listed in this Article III (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

3.1 Failure
to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the Principal Amount hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether
at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, or fails to fully comply with Section 1.10 of this Note. 

3.2 Conversion
and the Shares. The Borrower (i) fails to issue Conversion Shares to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will
not honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of
this Note, (ii) fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate
for the Conversion Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note,
(iii) fails to reserve the Reserved Amount at all times, (iv) the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs,
and/or hinders its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for the Conversion
Shares issuable to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note, or fails to remove
(or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend
(or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Holder
upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement
or threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or
any written announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for two (2) Trading Days
after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion, and/or (v) fails to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent
(including but not limited to payment obligations to its transfer agent). It shall be an Event of Default of this Note, if a conversion
of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the
Holder, the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, such advanced funds shall
be added to the principal balance of the Note. 

3.3 Breach
of Agreements and Covenants. The Borrower breaches any covenant, agreement, or other term or condition contained in the Purchase
Agreement, Warrant (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Warrant ), this Note, Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions,
or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith or therewith. 

3.4 Breach
of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made in the Purchase Agreement, Warrant, this Note,
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, or in any agreement, statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection
herewith or therewith shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage
of time will have) a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 

3.5 Receiver
or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or
consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver
or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

3.6 Judgments.
 Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or any
of its property or other assets for more than 100,000, and shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20)
days unless otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. 

3.7 Bankruptcy.
 Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief under
any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower. 

10 

3.8 Failure
to Comply with the 1934 Act. At any time after the Issue Date, the Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. 

3.9 Liquidation.
 Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.10 Cessation
of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such
debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going concern 
shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.11 Maintenance
of Assets. The failure by Borrower to maintain any material intellectual property rights, personal, real property or other assets
which are necessary to conduct its business (whether now or in the future). 

3.12 Financial
Statement Restatement. The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from
two years prior to the Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding. 

3.13 Replacement
of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to
the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount)
signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

3.14 Cross-Default .
The declaration of an event of default by any lender or other extender of credit to the Company under any notes, loans, agreements or
other instruments of the Company evidencing any indebtedness of the Company (including those filed as exhibits to or described in the
Company s filings with the SEC), after the passage of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods. 

3.15 Variable
Rate Transactions . The Borrower consummates a Variable Rate Transaction at any time on or after the Issue Date. 

3.16 Inside
Information . Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual
transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information
concerning the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not immediately cured by Borrower s filing of a
Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation FD on that same date. 

3.17 Unavailability
of Rule 144 . If, at any time on or after the date that is six (6) calendar months after the Issue Date, the Holder is unable to (i)
obtain a standard 144 legal opinion letter from an attorney reasonably acceptable to the Holder, the Holder s brokerage
firm (and respective clearing firm), and the Borrower s transfer agent in order to facilitate the Holder s conversion of
any portion of the Note into free trading shares of the Borrower s Common Stock pursuant to Rule 144, and/or (ii) thereupon deposit
such shares into the Holder s brokerage account. 

3.18 Delisting,
Suspension, or Quotation of Trading of Common Stock . If, at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Borrower s Common Stock
(i) is suspended from trading, (ii) halted from trading, and/or (iii) fails to be quoted or listed (as applicable) on a Principal Market. 

3.19 Rights
and Remedies Upon an Event of Default . Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in this Article III, this Note shall
become immediately due and payable, and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount
equal to the Principal Amount then outstanding plus accrued interest (including any Default Interest) through the date of full repayment
multiplied by 150 (collectively the Default Amount ), as well as all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and
expenses, of collection, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived by the Borrower. Holder
may, in its sole discretion, determine to accept payment part in Common Stock and part in cash. For purposes of payments in Common Stock,
the conversion formula set forth in Section 1.2 shall apply as well as all other provisions of this Note. The Holder shall be entitled
to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

11 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, and in addition to any other right or remedy of the Holder hereunder, under the related transaction
documents, or otherwise at law or in equity, the Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes and empowers Holder or its legal counsel, each
as the Borrower s attorney-in-fact, to appear ex parte and with notice to the Borrower to confess judgment against the Borrower
for the unpaid amount of this Note. The judgment shall set forth the amount then due hereunder, plus attorney s fees and cost of
suit, and to release all errors, and waive all rights of appeal. The Borrower waives the right to contest Holder s rights under
this section, including without limitation the right to any stay of execution and the benefit of all exemption laws now or hereafter
in effect. No single exercise of the foregoing right and power to confess judgment will be deemed to exhaust such power, whether or not
any such exercise shall be held by any court to be invalid, voidable, or void, and such power shall continue undiminished and may be
exercised from time to time as the Holder may elect until all amounts owing on this Note have been paid in full. 

ARTICLE
IV. MISCELLANEOUS 

4.1 Failure
or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further
exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Holder existing hereunder are cumulative
to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

4.2 Notices.
 All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery,
telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand
delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Borrower, to: 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

 8925
West Post Road, Suite 102 

 Las
Vegas, NV 89148 

 Attention:
William Smith 

 e-mail:
cole@greenzebra.net 

If
to the Holder: 

MAST
HILL FUND, L.P. 

 48
Parker Road 

 Wellesley,
MA 02482 

 e-mail:
admin@masthillfund.com 

12 

4.3 Amendments.
 This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term
 Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed,
or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented. 

4.4 Assignability.
 This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and
its successors and assigns. The Borrower shall not assign this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the Holder. The Holder may assign its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a)
of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from the Holder or to any of its affiliates , as that term is defined under the
1934 Act, without the consent of the Borrower. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral
in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Note,
acknowledge and agree that following conversion of a portion of this Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

4.5 Cost
of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including
reasonable attorneys fees. 

4.6 Governing
Law; Venue; Attorney s Fees. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada
without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts
located in the State of Nevada or federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The Borrower hereby irrevocably waives any objection
to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue
or based upon forum non conveniens . THE BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
HEREBY. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. The prevailing party in any action or dispute brought in connection with this the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and
costs. 

4.7 Certain
Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding Principal Amount (or
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower
and the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine
and the amount to be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty and is intended to compensate the Holder
in part for loss of the opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion
of this Note at a price in excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that
such amount of stipulated damages is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the receipt of a cash payment
without the opportunity to convert this Note into shares of Common Stock. 

4.8 Purchase
Agreement. The Company and the Holder shall be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement and the documents entered
into in connection herewith and therewith. 

4.9 Notice
of Corporate Events. Except as otherwise provided below, the Holder of this Note shall have no rights as a Holder of Common Stock
unless and only to the extent that it converts this Note into Common Stock. The Borrower shall provide the Holder with prior notification
of any meeting of the Borrower s shareholders (and copies of proxy materials and other information sent to shareholders). In the
event of any taking by the Borrower of a record of its shareholders for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or other distribution, any right to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire (including by way of merger,
consolidation, reclassification or recapitalization) any share of any class or any other securities or property, or to receive any other
right, or for the purpose of determining shareholders who are entitled to vote in connection with any change in control or any proposed
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Borrower, the Borrower shall mail a notice to the Holder, at least twenty (20) days prior
to the record date specified therein (or thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of the transaction or event, whichever is earlier),
of the date on which any such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, right or other event, and a brief
statement regarding the amount and character of such dividend, distribution, right or other event to the extent known at such time. The
Borrower shall make a public announcement of any event requiring notification to the Holder hereunder substantially simultaneously with
the notification to the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Section 4.9. 

13 

4.10 Remedies.
 The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by vitiating
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the
provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition
to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Note and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security
being required. 

4.11 Construction;
Headings . This Note shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and all the Holder and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Note are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Note. 

4.12 Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Holder in order to enforce any right or remedy under
this Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Note, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total liability
of the Company under this Note for payments which under the applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum
lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall
any rate of interest or default interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under the applicable law in the
nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under this Note exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by applicable law and applicable to this Note is increased or decreased by statute or any official
governmental action subsequent to the Issue Date, the new maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable
to this Note from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any circumstances
whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Holder with respect to indebtedness evidenced by this
the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Holder to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company,
the manner of handling such excess to be at the Holder s election. 

4.13 Severability.
 In the event that any provision of this Note is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law (including any
judicial ruling), then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified
to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Note. 

4.14 Terms
of Future Financings. So long as this Note is outstanding, upon any issuance by the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries of any security,
or amendment to a security that was originally issued before the Issue Date, with any term that the Holder reasonably believes is more
favorable to the holder of such security or with a term in favor of the holder of such security that the Holder reasonably believes was
not similarly provided to the Holder in this Note (even if the holder of such other security does not receive the benefit of such more
favorable term until a default occurs under such other security), then (i) the Borrower shall notify the Holder of such additional or
more favorable term within one (1) business day of the issuance and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (ii)
such term, at Holder s option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Holder (regardless of whether the Borrower
complied with the notification provision of this Section 4.14). The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable
to the holder of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment rate, interest rates, and original issue
discounts. 

14 

4.15 Dispute
Resolution . In the case of a dispute as to the determination of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount or
Default Amount, Issue, Closing or Maturity Date, the closing bid price, or fair market value (as the case may be) or the arithmetic calculation
of the Conversion Price or the applicable prepayment amount(s) (as the case may be), the Borrower or the Holder shall submit the disputed
determinations or arithmetic calculations via facsimile (i) within one (1) Trading Day after receipt of the applicable notice giving
rise to such dispute to the Borrower or the Holder or (ii) if no notice gave rise to such dispute, at any time after the Holder learned
of the circumstances giving rise to such dispute. If the Holder and the Borrower are unable to agree upon such determination or calculation
within one (1) Trading Day of such disputed determination or arithmetic calculation (as the case may be) being submitted to the Borrower
or the Holder, then the Borrower shall, within one (1) Trading Day, submit (a) the disputed determination of the Conversion Price, the
closing bid price, the or fair market value (as the case may be) to an independent, reputable investment bank selected by the Borrower
and approved by the Holder or (b) the disputed arithmetic calculation of the Conversion Price, Conversion Amount, any prepayment amount
or Default Amount, to an independent, outside accountant selected by the Holder that is reasonably acceptable to the Borrower. The Borrower
shall cause at its expense the investment bank or the accountant to perform the determinations or calculations and notify the Borrower
and the Holder of the results no later than one (1) Trading Day from the time it receives such disputed determinations or calculations.
Such investment bank s or accountant s determination or calculation shall be binding upon all parties absent demonstrable
error. 

4.16 Right
of First Refusal . If at any time while this Note is outstanding, the Borrower has a bona fide offer of capital or financing from
any 3rd party, that the Borrower intends to act upon, then the Borrower must first offer such opportunity to the Holder to provide such
capital or financing to the Borrower on the same terms as each respective 3rd party s terms. Should the Holder be unwilling or
unable to provide such capital or financing to the Borrower within five (5) Trading Days from Holder s receipt of written notice
of the offer (the Offer Notice from the Borrower, then the Borrower may obtain such capital or financing from that respective
3rd party upon the exact same terms and conditions offered by the Borrower to the Holder, which transaction must be completed within
30 days after the date of the Offer Notice. If the Borrower does not receive the capital or financing from the respective 3rd party within
30 days after the date of the respective Offer Notice, then the Borrower must again offer the capital or financing opportunity to the
Holder as described above, and the process detailed above shall be repeated. The Offer Notice must be sent via electronic mail to admin@masthillfund.com. 

[signature
page follows] 

15 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer on March 8,
2023. 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

By: 

Name:
 William Smith 

Title:
 Chief Executive Officer 

16 

EXHIBIT
A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below, of GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. ,
a Nevada corporation (the Borrower ), according to the conditions of the promissory note of the Borrower dated as of March 8, 2023 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for
transfer taxes, if any. 

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The
 Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
 or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). 

Name
 of DTC Prime Broker: 

Account
 Number: 

The
 undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
 below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if
 additional space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date
 of Conversion: 

Applicable
 Conversion Price: 

Number
of Shares of Common Stock to be 
 Issued Pursuant to Conversion of the Note: 

Amount
 of Principal Balance Due remaining 
 Under the Note after this conversion: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

</EX-10.60>

<EX-10.61>
 6
 f10kexex10-61_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.61

Exhibit 10.61 

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of March 8, 2023, by and between GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. , a Nevada
corporation, with headquarters located at 8925 West Post Road, Suite 102, Las Vegas, NV 89148 (the Company ), and MAST
HILL FUND, L.P. , a Delaware limited partnership, with its address at 48 Parker Road, Wellesley, MA 02482 (the Buyer ). 

WHEREAS : 

A. The Company and
the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated by the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the 1933 Act; 

B. Buyer desires to
purchase from the Company, and the Company desires to issue and sell to the Buyer, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement,
a promissory note of the Company, in the aggregate principal amount of 293,000.00 (as the principal amount thereof may be increased pursuant
to the terms thereof, and together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise with respect thereto
in accordance with the terms thereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A , the Note ), convertible into shares
of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock ), upon the terms and subject to the limitations
and conditions set forth in such Note; and 

C. The Buyer wishes
to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, such principal amount of the Note as is set forth immediately below
its name on the signature pages hereto; and 

D. The Company
wishes to issue a common stock purchase warrant to purchase 11,720,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant to the Buyer
as additional consideration for the purchase of the Note, which shall be earned in full as of the Closing Date, as further provided herein. 

NOW THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing and of the agreements and covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

1. Purchase and
Sale of Note. 

a. Purchase of Note. 
On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the Company,
the Note, as further provided herein. As used in this Agreement, the term business day shall mean any day other than a
Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or required by law or executive
order to remain closed. 

b. Form of Payment. 
On the Closing Date: (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price of 263,700.00 (the Purchase Price for the Note, to
be issued and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below), by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Company, in
accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note, and (ii) the Company shall deliver
such duly executed Note and Warrant on behalf of the Company, to the Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price. On the Closing,
the Buyer shall withhold a non-accountable sum of 5,000.00 from the Purchase Price to cover the Buyer s legal fees in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

c. Closing Date. 
Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below, the date and time
of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be on the date that the Purchase
Price for the Note is paid by Buyer pursuant to terms of this Agreement. 

d. Closing .
The closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location
as may be agreed to by the parties (including via exchange of electronic signatures). 

1 

e. Warrant .
On or before the Closing Date, the Company shall issue the Warrant to the Buyer pursuant to the terms of contained therein. 

2. Buyer s
Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Investment Purpose. 
As of the Closing Date, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and Warrant (the Note, Warrant, shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (the Conversion Shares ), and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of or otherwise
pursuant to the Warrant (the Exercise Shares shall collectively be referred to herein as the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or
exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided , however , that by making the representations herein, the Buyer does
not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at
any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. 

b. Accredited
Investor Status. The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an Accredited
Investor ). 

c. Reliance
on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from
the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy
of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer
set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the Securities. 

d. Information. 
The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with all
materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities
which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains
outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the Company regarding its business and affairs. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information regarding the Company or otherwise and will
not disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the
Buyer. Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer or any of its advisors or representatives shall
modify, amend or affect Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below. 

e. Governmental
Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. 

2 

f. Transfer or
Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or resale of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the
1933 Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold
pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost
of the Company, an opinion of counsel (which may be the Legal Counsel Opinion (as defined below)) that shall be in form, substance
and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred
may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) the
Securities are sold or transferred to an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a
successor rule) Rule 144 )) of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only in accordance
with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144 or other applicable
exemption, or (e) the Securities are sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) Regulation
S ), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in
form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, which opinion shall be accepted by the
Company; (ii) any sale of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with the terms of said Rule
and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the person
through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance
with some other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor
any other person is under any obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state securities laws or to comply
with the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained
herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending
arrangement secured by the Securities, and such pledge of Securities shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the
Securities hereunder, and the Buyer in effecting such pledge of Securities shall be not required to provide the Company with any
notice thereof or otherwise make any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 

g. Legends. 
The Buyer understands that until such time as the Note, Warrant, Conversion Shares, and/or Exercise Shares, have been registered under
the 1933 Act or may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any
restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, the Securities may bear a restrictive
legend in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against transfer of such Securities): 

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE [CONVERTIBLE/EXERCISABLE]
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED
FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144, RULE 144A, REGULATION S, OR OTHER APPLICABLE
EXEMPTION UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR
OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

The legend set
forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate or book entry statement for the applicable shares of Common Stock
without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it is stamped or (as requested by such holder) issue the applicable shares
of Common Stock to such holder by electronic delivery by crediting the account of such holder s broker with The Depository Trust
Company DTC ), if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered
for sale under an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A,
Regulation S, or other applicable exemption without any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then
be immediately sold, or (b) the Company or the Buyer provides the Legal Counsel Opinion (as contemplated by and in accordance with Section
4(m) hereof) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Company shall be responsible for the fees of its
transfer agent and all DTC fees associated with any such issuance. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In
the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant
to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable exemption at the Deadline (as defined
in the Note), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

3 

h. Authorization;
Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized by the Buyer and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf
of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms,
except as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting
creditors rights generally and except as may be limited by the exercise of judicial discretion in applying principles of
equity. 

3. Representations
and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer as of the Closing Date that: 

a. Organization
and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other)
to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted.
Schedule 3(a), if attached hereto, sets forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated.
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction
in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Material Adverse Effect means
any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries,
if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be entered into in connection
herewith. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the
Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. 

b. Authorization;
Enforcement. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note, and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof,
(ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Warrant, the Note, Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares by the Company and
the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note, Warrant,
as well as the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares issuable upon conversion of the Note
and/or exercise of the Warrant) have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization
of the Company, its Board of Directors, its shareholders, or its debt holders is required, (iii) this Agreement and the Note (together
with any other instruments executed in connection herewith or therewith) have been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized
representative, and such authorized representative is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement, the
Note and the other instruments documents executed in connection herewith or therewith and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this
Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will constitute, a legal,
valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms. 

c. Capitalization;
Governing Documents. As of March 8, 2023, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of: 500,000,000 authorized shares
of Common Stock, of which 114,866,020 shares were issued and outstanding, and 10,000,001 authorized shares of preferred stock
(consisting of 10,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock and 1 share of Series B preferred stock), of which 5,000,001 shares
were issued and outstanding (consisting of 5,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock and 1 share of Series B preferred stock).
All of such outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company, the Conversion Shares, and the Exercise Shares are, or upon issuance
will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject to
preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the
actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective date of this Agreement, other than as publicly announced prior to such
date and reflected in the SEC Documents of the Company (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe
for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights of any character
whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional
shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and (iii)
there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement
providing rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any of the Securities. The Company has furnished to
the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof Certificate of Incorporation ), the Company s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the
 By-laws ), and the terms of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the
material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. 

4 

d. Issuance of
Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares. The Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares are duly authorized and reserved for issuance and,
upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant in accordance with its terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable,
and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights
or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

e. Issuance of Warrant. 
The issuance of the Warrant is duly authorized and will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens,
claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders
of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

f. Acknowledgment
of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the potentially dilutive effect of the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares
to the Common Stock upon the conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant. The Company further acknowledges that its obligation
to issue, upon conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares, are absolute and unconditional
regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company. 

g. No Conflicts. 
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares and
Exercise Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws,
or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or an event which with notice or
lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation
of, any agreement, note, evidence of indebtedness, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and
state securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities is subject)
applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound
or affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not,
individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect), or (iv) trigger any anti-dilution and/or ratchet provision contained
in any other contract in which the Company is a party thereto or any security issued by the Company. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any
action that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument
to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is bound or affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The
businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns
any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as specifically contemplated
by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required to obtain any
consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, self-regulatory
organization or stock market or any third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this Agreement
and the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and, upon
conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant, issue Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares as applicable. All consents, authorizations,
orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or effected
on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of the listing requirements of the Principal Market (as defined herein)
and does not reasonably anticipate that the Common Stock will be delisted by the Principal Market in the foreseeable future. The Company
and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Principal Market 
shall mean the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or traded, including but not limited
to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market), or the NYSE American, or any successor
to such markets. 

5 

h. SEC Documents;
Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by
it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto
and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein as the SEC
Documents ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934
Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at
the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable
law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates,
the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present
in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof
and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the
Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business subsequent
to September 30, 2022, and (ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary course of business and not required
under generally accepted accounting principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, individually or in the aggregate,
are not material to the financial condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act. The Company has not been a shell company as described in Rule 144(i)(1)(i) since October 1, 2020. 

i. Absence of Certain
Changes . Since September 30, 2022, there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities,
business, properties, operations, financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries. 

j. Absence
of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against
or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a Material
Adverse Effect. The SEC Documents contain a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 

k. Intellectual
Property. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent applications,
patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade names and
copyrights Intellectual Property necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated
to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company s
knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary
to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the
Company s knowledge, the Company s or its Subsidiaries current and intended products, services and processes do not
infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company is unaware of any facts or circumstances which
might give rise to any of the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the
secrecy, confidentiality and value of their Intellectual Property. 

6 

l. No Materially
Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal restriction,
or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in the judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected in the future
to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement which in the
judgment of the Company s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

m. Tax Status. 
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns, reports and
declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and
other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations,
except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes
for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material
amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company know of no basis for any such claim.
The Company has not executed a waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the assessment or collection of any foreign,
federal, state or local tax. None of the Company s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing authority. 

n. Transactions
with Affiliates. Except for arm s length transactions pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments
in the ordinary course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties
and other than the grant of stock options described in the SEC Documents, none of the officers, directors, or employees of the Company
is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and
directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental
of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the
knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has
a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. 

o. Disclosure. 
All information relating to or concerning the Company or any of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer
pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material
respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions, which,
under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so publicly
announced or disclosed (assuming for this purpose that the Company s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being incorporated into
an effective registration statement filed by the Company under the 1933 Act). 

p. Acknowledgment
Regarding Buyer s Purchase of Securities. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity
of arm s length purchaser with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges
that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its respective representatives or agents in connection
with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and is merely incidental to the Buyer s
purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement
has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the Company and its representatives. 

7 

q. No Integrated
Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or
indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would
require registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer
will not be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any
shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. 

r. No Brokers;
No Solicitation. Except with respect to J. H. Darbie Co., a registered broker-dealer (CRD#: 43520), the Company has taken no
action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar payments relating to this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges and agrees that neither the Buyer nor its employee(s), member(s),
beneficial owner(s), or partner(s) solicited the Company to enter into this Agreement and consummate the transactions described in this
Agreement. 

s. Permits; Compliance.
 The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements,
variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on
its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the Company Permits ), and there is no action pending or, to the
knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults
or violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since September
30, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults
or violations of applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults
or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 

t. Environmental Matters. 

(i) There are,
to the Company s knowledge, with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past or
present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances,
conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws
and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending
or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term Environmental Laws means
all federal, state, local or foreign laws relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including, without limitation,
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws relating to emissions,
discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively,
 Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment,
storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters,
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved
thereunder. 

(ii) Other than those
that are or were stored, used or disposed of in compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or about any real
property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released on or about
any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property was owned,
leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course of the Company s or any of its Subsidiaries 
business. 

(iii) There are no
underground storage tanks on or under any real property owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are not in
compliance with applicable law. 

8 

u. Title to
Property. The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and
marketable title to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in
each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(u), if attached hereto,
or such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its
Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

v. Insurance. 
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks
and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries
are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies
of all policies relating to directors and officers liability coverage, errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general
liability coverage. 

w. Internal Accounting
Controls. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of
the Company s board of directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are executed in accordance with management s
general or specific authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance
with management s general or specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is compared with the existing
assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. 

x. Foreign Corrupt
Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on
behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds
for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. 

y. Solvency. 
The Company (after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair market
value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and
currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to
the transaction contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to take any action that would impair its ability
to, pay its debts from time to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company s financial statements for
its most recent fiscal year end and interim financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern,
which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

z. No Investment
Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an investment
company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment Company ). The Company is
not controlled by an Investment Company. 

aa. No Off Balance
Sheet Arrangements . There is no transaction, arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and
an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is not
so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

9 

bb. No Disqualification
Events . None of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of
the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting
equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the 1933
Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person is subject to any
of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the 1933 Act (a
 Disqualification Event ), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has
exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification Event. 

cc. Manipulation
of Price . The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price
of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation
for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another
to purchase any other securities of the Company. 

dd. Bank Holding
Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding shares of
any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent (25 or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the
BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or affiliates exercises a controlling influence
over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

ee. Illegal or
Unauthorized Payments; Political Contributions . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the Company s knowledge,
any of the officers, directors, employees, agents or other representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any other business
entity or enterprise with which the Company or any Subsidiary is or has been affiliated or associated, has, directly or indirectly, made
or authorized any payment, contribution or gift of money, property, or services, whether or not in contravention of applicable law, (i)
as a kickback or bribe to any person or (ii) to any political organization, or the holder of or any aspirant to any elective or appointive
public office except for personal political contributions not involving the direct or indirect use of funds of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries. 

ff. Breach of
Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or warranties
set forth in this Section 3 and in addition to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered
an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note. 

4. ADDITIONAL COVENANTS,
AGREEMENTS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS . 

a. Best Efforts. 
The parties shall use their best efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6 and 7 of this Agreement. 

b. Form D; Blue
Sky Laws . The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the Securities if required under Regulation D and to provide a copy
thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall
reasonably determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement
under applicable securities or blue sky laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an exemption from such qualification),
and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date. 

c. Use of Proceeds. 
The Company shall use the proceeds for business development, and not for any other purpose, including but not limited to (i) the repayment
of any indebtedness owed to officers, directors or employees of the Company or their affiliates, (ii) the repayment of any debt issued
in corporate finance transactions, (iii) any loan to or investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other person
(except in connection with the Company s currently existing operations), (iv) any loan, credit, or advance to any officers, directors,
employees, or affiliates of the Company, or (v) in violation or contravention of any applicable law, rule or regulation. 

10 

d. Right of
Participation and First Refusal . 

(i) Other
than arrangements that are in place or disclosed in SEC Documents prior to the date of this
Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Note is extinguished in its entirety, the Company will not, (i) directly or indirectly,
offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other
disposition of) any of its or its Subsidiaries debt, equity, or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any
debt, preferred shares or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and/or under any circumstances, convertible
into, exchangeable, or exercisable for Common Stock (any such offer, sale, grant, disposition or announcement being referred to as a Subsequent
Placement or (ii) enter into any definitive agreement with regard to the foregoing, in each case unless the Company shall have
first complied with this Section 4(d). 

(ii) The
Company shall deliver to the Buyer an irrevocable written notice (the Offer Notice of any proposed or intended Subsequent
Placement, which shall (w) identify and describe the Subsequent Placement, (x) describe the price and other terms upon which they are
to be issued, sold or exchanged, and the number or amount of the securities in the Subsequent Placement to be issued, sold, or exchanged
and (y) offer to issue and sell to or exchange with the Buyer at least one hundred percent (100 of the securities in the Subsequent
Placement (in each case, an Offer ). 

(iii) To
accept an Offer, in whole or in part, the Buyer must deliver a written notice (the Notice of Acceptance to the Company
prior to the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day (as defined in the Note) after the Buyer s receipt of the Offer Notice
(the Offer Period ), setting forth the amount that the Buyer elects to purchase (the Subscription Amount ).
The Company shall complete the Subsequent Placement and issue and sell the Subscription Amount to the Buyer upon terms and conditions
(including, without limitation, unit prices and interest rates) set forth in the Offer Notice, unless a change to such terms and conditions
is agreed to in writing between the Company and Buyer. 

(iv) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Company desires to modify or amend the terms or conditions of a Subsequent Placement
at any time after the Offer Notice is given to Buyer (provided, however, that such modification or amendment to the terms or conditions
cannot occur during any Offer Period), the Company shall deliver to the Buyer a new Offer Notice and the Offer Period of such new Offer
shall expire at the end of the fifth (5 th Trading Day after the Buyer s receipt of such new Offer Notice. 

(v) Notwithstanding
the foregoing, this Section 4(d) of this Agreement shall not apply to issuances of Common Stock that have been registered by the Company
in its registration statement filed on May 17, 2021; effective September 27, 2021 as well as issuances to eSilkroad Network Limited pursuant
to that certain loan treaty agreement dated on or around December 21, 2020. 

e. Usury .
To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter
in force, in connection with any action or proceeding that may be brought by the Buyer in order to enforce any right or remedy under this
Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained
in this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, it is expressly agreed and provided that the
total liability of the Company under this Agreement, the Note or any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby for payments
which under applicable law are in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized under applicable law (the
 Maximum Rate ), and, without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or both
of them, when aggregated with any other sums which under applicable law in the nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to
pay under this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed
that if the maximum contract rate of interest allowed by law applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument
contemplated thereby is increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum
contract rate of interest allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or
instrument contemplated thereby from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under
any circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to the Buyer with respect to indebtedness
evidenced by this Agreement, the Note and any document, agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, such excess shall be applied by
the Buyer to the unpaid principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, the manner of handling such excess to
be at the Buyer s election. 

f. Restriction
on Activities . Commencing as of the date first above written, and until the earlier of payment of the Note in full or full conversion
of the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the Buyer s prior written consent, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; or (b) sell, divest, acquire, change the structure of any material assets
other than in the ordinary course of business. 

11 

g. Listing. 
The Company will, so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of its Common Stock on the Principal
Market or any equivalent replacement exchange or electronic quotation system (including but not limited to the Pink Sheets electronic
quotation system) and will comply in all respects with the Company s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and such exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly
provide to the Buyer copies of any notices it receives from the Principal Market and any other exchanges or electronic quotation systems
on which the Common Stock is then traded regarding the continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation
systems. 

h. Corporate
Existence. The Company will, so long as the Buyer beneficially owns any of the Securities, maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the Company s obligations
hereunder and under the agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded corporation whose
Common Stock is listed for trading or quotation on the Principal Market, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange
or the NYSE MKT. 

i. No Integration. 
The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require registration
of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any
other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities. 

j. Compliance
with 1934 Act; Public Information Failures. For so long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note or Conversion Shares, the Company
shall comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements
of the 1934 Act. 

k. Acknowledgement
Regarding Buyer s Trading Activity . Until the Note is fully repaid or fully converted, the Buyer shall not effect any short
sale (as such term is defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock which establishes a net short
position with respect to the Common Stock. 

l. Legal Counsel
Opinions . Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly supplying
to the Company s transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its counsel (the Legal Counsel Opinion to the effect that the resale of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns is
exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied and
provided the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale pursuant to an effective registration
statement) or other applicable exemption (provided the requirements of such other applicable exemption are satisfied). In addition, the
Buyer may (at the Company s cost) at any time secure its own legal counsel to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will
instruct its transfer agent to accept such opinion. The Company hereby agrees that it may never take the position that it is a shell
company in connection with its obligations under this Agreement or otherwise. 

m. Piggy-back
Registration Rights . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the piggy-back registration rights set forth on Exhibit B hereto. 

n. Most Favored
Nation . While the Note or any principal amount, interest or fees or expenses due thereunder remain outstanding and unpaid, the Company
shall not enter into any public or private offering of its securities (including securities convertible into shares of Common Stock) with
any individual or entity (an Other Investor that has the effect of establishing rights or otherwise benefiting such Other
Investor in a manner more favorable in any material respect to such Other Investor (even if the Other Investor does not receive the benefit
of such more favorable term until a default occurs under such other security) than the rights and benefits established in favor of the
Buyer by this Agreement or the Note unless, in any such case, the Buyer has been provided with such rights and benefits pursuant to a
definitive written agreement or agreements between the Company and the Buyer. 

12 

o. Subsequent
Variable Rate Transactions . From the date hereof until such time as the Note is fully converted or fully repaid, the Company shall
be prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction 
means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or
exchange rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock
at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is
subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or upon the occurrence of specified
or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the Common Stock or (ii) enters into
any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a future determined
price. The Buyer shall be entitled to obtain injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be
in addition to any right to collect damages. 

p. Non-Public Information .
The Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other person acting on its behalf will provide the Buyer or its agents or counsel
with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior
thereto the Buyer shall have consented to the receipt of such information and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential.
The Company understands and confirms that the Buyer shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities
of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any material, non-public information to the Buyer without such Buyer s
consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that such Buyer shall not have any duty of confidentiality to the Company, any of its
Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, not to trade on the basis of, such material,
non- public information, provided that the Buyer shall remain subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided, information
provided, or any other communications made by the Company, to the Buyer, constitutes or contains material non-public information regarding
the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice or other material information with the SEC pursuant
to a Current Report on Form 8-K. In addition to any other remedies provided by this Agreement or the related transaction documents, if
the Company provides any material non-public information to the Buyer without their prior written consent, and it fails to immediately
(no later than that business day) file a Form 8-K disclosing this material non-public information, it shall pay the Buyer as partial
liquidated damages and not as a penalty a sum equal to 3,000 per day beginning with the day the information is disclosed to the Buyer
and ending and including the day the Form 8-K disclosing this information is filed. 

q. D O
Insurance . Within 60 calendar days of the Closing, the Company shall purchase director and officer insurance on behalf of the Company s
(including its subsidiary) officers and directors for a period of 18 months after the Closing with respect to any losses, claims, damages,
liabilities, costs and expense in connection with any actual or threatened claim or proceeding that is based on, or arises out of their
status as a director or officer of the Company. The insurance policy shall provide for two years of tail coverage. 

r. Breach of
Covenants. The Company acknowledges and agrees that if the Company breaches any of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, in addition
to any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.3 of
the Note. 

13 

5. Transfer
Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Company s transfer agent to issue certificates and/or
issue shares electronically at the Buyer s option, registered in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, upon conversion of the Note
and/or exercise of the Warrant, the Conversion Shares and Exercise Shares, in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer
to the Company in accordance with the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the
Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed
Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the
provision to irrevocably reserved shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the successor transfer
agent to the Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares under the 1933 Act or the
date on which the Conversion Shares and/or Exercise Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable
exemption without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, all such certificates
or book entry shares shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no
instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5 will be given by the Company to its transfer
agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided
in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer
agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for Securities to be issued to the Buyer upon
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrant as and when required by the
Note and this Agreement; (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders
its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate
for any Securities issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note and/or upon exercise of or otherwise pursuant
to the Warrant as and when required by the Note, Warrant, and/or this Agreement and (iv) it will provide any required corporate resolutions
and issuance approvals to its transfer agent within 6 hours of each conversion of the Note and/or exercise of the Warrant. Nothing in
this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable
prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company,
with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a public
sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or (ii)
the Buyer provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to 144, Rule 144A, Regulation S, or other applicable
exemption, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Securities, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one
or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges
that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the
transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this
Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section,
that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate
transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

6. Conditions
to the Company s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these
conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The Buyer shall
have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

b. The Buyer shall have
delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c. The representations
and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date, as
though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have performed,
satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed,
satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. 

d. No litigation,
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters
contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

7. Conditions to
The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase. The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note, on the Closing Date, is subject
to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date, of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer s
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: 

a. The Company
shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. 

b. The Company
shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note in such denominations as the Buyer shall request and in accordance with Section
1(b) above. 

14 

c. The Company
shall have delivered to the Buyer the Warrant. 

d. The Irrevocable
Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing
by the Company s Transfer Agent. 

e. The representations
and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of Closing Date, as though
made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied
and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied
or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. 

f. No litigation,
statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by
or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters
contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

g. No event shall
have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to a change
in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. 

h. Trading in
the Common Stock on the Principal Market shall not have been suspended by the SEC, FINRA or the Principal Market. 

i. The Company
shall have delivered to the Buyer (i) a certificate evidencing the formation and good standing of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
in such entity s jurisdiction of formation issued by the Secretary of State (or comparable office) of such jurisdiction, as of a
date within ten (10) days of the Closing Date and (ii) resolutions adopted by the Company s Board of Directors at a duly called
meeting or by unanimous written consent authorizing this Agreement and all other documents, instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby. 

8. Governing
Law; Miscellaneous. 

a. Governing Law;
Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to principles
of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts located
in the State of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive
any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,
A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and
costs. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding
in connection with this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted
by law. 

b. Counterparts. 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
A facsimile or .pdf signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and
effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or .pdf signature. Delivery of a counterpart signature hereto by facsimile
or email/.pdf transmission shall be deemed validly delivery thereof. 

15 

c. Construction;
Headings. This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect
the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

d. Severability. 
In the event that any provision of this Agreement, the Note, or any other agreement or instrument delivered in connection herewith is
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that
it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove
invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, the Note,
or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby. 

e. Entire Agreement;
Amendments. This Agreement, the Note, and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect
to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes
any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement or any agreement or
instrument contemplated hereby may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Buyer. 

f. Notices. All
notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return
receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by
hand delivery, telegram, e-mail or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have
specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be
deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by e-mail or facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting
facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such
notice is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during
normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by
express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first
occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Company, to: 

GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

 8925 West Post Road, Suite 102 

 Las Vegas, NV 89148 

 Attention: William Smith 

 e-mail: cole@greenzebra.net 

If to the Buyer: 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

 48 Parker Road 

 Wellesley, MA 02482 

 e-mail: admin@masthillfund.com 

g. Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. The Company
shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer. The Buyer may assign
its rights hereunder to any accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the 1933 Act) in a private transaction from
the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company. 

h. Third Party Beneficiaries. 
This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for
the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. 

16 

i. Survival. The
representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the closing hereunder
notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach or
alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants
and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 

j. Publicity. 
The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, Principal
Market or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby; provided , however ,
that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or SEC, Principal Market (or other
applicable trading market) or FINRA filings with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations (although
the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be provided with
a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment thereon). 

k. Further Assurances. 
Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all
such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

l. No Strict Construction. 
The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules
of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

m. Indemnification .
In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition
to all of the Company s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold
harmless the Buyer and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and direct or indirect investors and any of
the foregoing persons agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the Indemnitees from and against any and all actions, causes of action,
suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether
any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys 
fees and disbursements (the Indemnified Liabilities ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating
to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in this Agreement, the Note or any other
agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation
of the Company contained in this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or
thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including for these purposes
a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, performance or
enforcement of this Agreement, the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii)
any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the Securities,
or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make
the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law. 

n. Remedies. 
The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating the intent
and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations
under this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby
will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, the Note,
the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, that the Buyer shall be entitled,
in addition to all other available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction
or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of this Agreement, the Note, the Warrant, or any other agreement, certificate,
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof and thereof, without
the necessity of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

17 

o. Payment Set Aside .
To the extent that the (i) Company makes a payment or payments to the Buyer hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrant,
or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (ii) the Buyer enforces or
exercises its rights hereunder, pursuant to the Note, pursuant to the Warrant, or pursuant to any other agreement, certificate, instrument
or document contemplated hereby or thereby, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof
(including but not limited to the sale of the Securities) are for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or
preferential, set aside, recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored
to the Company, a trustee, receiver, government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any
bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then (i) to the extent of any such restoration
the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such
payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred and (ii) the Company shall immediately pay to the Buyer a dollar
amount equal to the amount that was for any reason (i) subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside,
recovered from, or disgorged by the Buyer, or (ii) required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver,
government entity, or any other person or entity under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, foreign, state or federal
law, common law or equitable cause of action). 

p. Failure or Indulgence
Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of the Buyer in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate
as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise
thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies of the Buyer existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not
exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

By: 

Name: WILLIAM SMITH 

Title: CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

MAST HILL FUND, L.P. 

By: 

Name: PATRICK HASSANI 

Title: CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER 

SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: 

Principal Amount of Note: 293,000.00 
 
 Actual Amount of Purchase Price of Note: 263,700.00 

19 

EXHIBIT
A 

FORM OF NOTE 

[attached hereto] 

20 

EXHIBIT
B 

PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All of the Conversion
Shares and Exercise Shares shall be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions of this Exhibit B. All capitalized
terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Securities Purchase Agreement to which
this Exhibit is attached. 

1. Piggy-Back
Registration . 

1.1 Piggy-Back Rights .
If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the 1933 Act (a Registration
Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for,
or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the Company for their account (or by
the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection with any employee stock option
or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a merger or acquisition, then the
Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities appearing on the books and records
of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date of the
Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included in such Registration Statement, the
intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters, if any, of the offering, and (y)
offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable Securities
as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a Piggy-Back Registration ).
The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall cause the managing underwriter or underwriters
of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the
same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities
in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof (with the understanding that the Company shall file the initial prospectus
covering the Buyer s sale of the Registrable Securities at prevailing market prices on the same date that the Registration Statement
is declared effective by the SEC). 

1.2 Withdrawal .
Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in any
Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration
Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written
contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration Statement.
Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities in connection
with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3 The Company
shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable Securities
is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which, the prospectus
included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of copies of a supplement
to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of the Registrable Securities,
such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing. The holders of Registrable Securities
shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after receipt of such notification until the
receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

1.4 The Company may request
a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such holder s
proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time to time
reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information. 

21 

1.5 All fees and expenses
incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit B by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether or not any
Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the
Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with
respect to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in
compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without
limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the
Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of
Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the
Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single
special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities
requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses
of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event
shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6 The Company
and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers, directors,
members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding
such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls the Buyer
or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the 1934 Act) and the
officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally
equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such controlling individual
or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all
losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively,
 Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact
contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in
any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances
under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any
state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit B,
except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer
or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and
each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit B of which the Company is aware. 

22 

1.7 If the indemnification
under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless for any Losses, then
the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate to
reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that
resulted in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified
Party shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to
information supplied by, the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to
information and opportunity to correct or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a
result of any Losses shall be deemed to include any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in
connection with any proceeding to the extent such party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification
provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and
equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7 were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation
that does not take into account the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the
provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the
aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of
their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that
such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
omission. 

[End of Exhibit B] 

23 

</EX-10.61>

<EX-10.62>
 7
 f10kexex10-62_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.62

Exhibit 10.62 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Warrant
Shares: 11,720,000 

Date
of Issuance: March 8, 2023 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received (in connection with the execution
of the Purchase Agreement (as defined below)), Mast Hill Fund, L.P.., a Delaware limited partnership (including any permitted and registered
assigns, the Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of issuance hereof, to purchase from GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Company ), 11,720,000 shares of Common Stock (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number
may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect.
This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated March 8, 2023, by and among the Company and the Holder (the Purchase Agreement ). 

Capitalized
terms used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in the Purchase Agreement unless otherwise defined in the body of this Warrant
or in Section 12 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price shall mean 0.05, subject to adjustment as
provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing
on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the five-year anniversary thereof. 

1.
 EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a)
 Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in
whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required
to deliver the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of
a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant
Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading
Day (the Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company
or the Company s transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable
Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate
Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by
wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided),
the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and deliver by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise
Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of
shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic
format if requested by the Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes
to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the
date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and
the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired
upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three business days after any exercise and
at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares
purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
is exercised. 

1 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to issue to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise in Holder s sole discretion in addition to all
other rights and remedies at law, under this Warrant, or otherwise, and such failure shall also be deemed a material breach under this
Warrant, the Purchase Agreement, and Note (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) (the Note ). 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, then the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares
pursuant to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below
(or of any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and an Exercise Notice, in which event the Company shall
issue to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X
= Y (A-B) 

 A 

Where
 X = the number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y
= the number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation). 

A
= the Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B
= Exercise Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b)
 No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

(c)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any
exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise,
to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Exercise Notice, the Holder (together
with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or
any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned
by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with
respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon
(i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution
Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including,
without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation
contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding
sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for
any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the
case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Company s
transfer agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company
shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any
case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities
of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of
shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this paragraph
shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

(d)
 Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Company s transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance
with the provisions of this Warrant (including but not limited to Section 1(a) above) pursuant to an exercise on or before the respective
Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or
otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the
Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall
(A) pay in cash to the Holder, within one (1) business day of Holder s request, the amount, if any, by which (x) the Holder s
total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of
(1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the exercise at issue times
(2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B) at the option of the Holder, either
reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder within one (1) business day of Holder s request the number of shares
of Common Stock that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For
example, if the Holder purchases, or effectuates a cashless exercise hereunder for, Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000
to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase
obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000.
The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request
of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect
to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof. 

3 

2.
 ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)
 Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such
case: 

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date,
to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of
the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the
Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares,
the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares
of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this
Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise
price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and
the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

4 

(b)
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities (including but not limited
to Common Stock Equivalents) entitling any person or entity (for purposes of clarification, including but not limited to the Holder pursuant
to (i) any other security of the Company currently held by Holder, (ii) any other security of the Company issued to Holder on or after
the Issuance Date (including but not limited to the Note), or (iii) any other agreement entered into between the Company and Holder)
to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise
Price (such lower price, the Base Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the
holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments,
elimination of an applicable floor price for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction
of certain condition(s)), reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options
or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common
Stock at an effective price per share which is less than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance
(regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the
date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced
at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal the Base Share Price, and the number of Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall
be increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account the decrease in the Exercise Price,
shall be equal to the aggregate Exercise Price prior to such adjustment (for the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate Exercise Price prior
to such adjustment is calculated as follows: the total number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior
to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) multiplied by the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment). By way of example, if E is the total number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately
prior to such adjustment (without regard to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation), F is the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such adjustment, and G is the Base Share Price, the adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares can be expressed in the following formula:
Total number of Warrant Shares after such Dilutive Issuance = the number obtained from dividing [E x F] by G. Such adjustment shall be
made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised
at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company
did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company
shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion
price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ). For purposes of clarification, regardless of
whether (i) the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b) upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance
or (ii) the Holder accurately refers to the number of Warrant Shares or Base Share Price in the Exercise Notice, the Holder is entitled
to receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Share Price as well as the Base Share Price at all times on and after the date
of such Dilutive Issuance. 

(c)
 Subdivision or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock
split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number
of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant
Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse
stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination
becomes effective. Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment
shall be made successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

5 

3.
 FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ),
(ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property
and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of
shares of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.
 NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, three (3) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to provide
for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.
 WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise)
or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a)
 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)
 Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date. 

7.
 TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of
the Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the
Company hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed
written consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall
be null and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable
rights and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in
whole or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

6 

8.
 NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder. 

9.
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10.
 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the State of Nevada or federal courts located in the State of Nevada.
The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and shall
not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER
TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS WARRANT, OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY .
The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that
any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable
statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Warrant or any other transaction
document entered into in connection with this Warrant by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery
(with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under the Purchase Agreement and agrees that such
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit
in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

11.
 ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

7 

12.
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(b)
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on
the Principal Market, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or, if the Principal
Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such
security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the
Holder, or (ii) if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security
as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported
for such security by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the Holder, the average of the bid and ask
prices of any market makers for such security as reported by Quotestream or other similar quotation service provider designated by the
Holder. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing
Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. All such
determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination or other similar transaction during
the applicable calculation period. 

(c)
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, par value 0.001, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d)
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)
 Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint
venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency
thereof. 

(f)
 Principal Market means the principal securities exchange or trading market where such Common Stock is listed or
quoted, including but not limited to any tier of the OTC Markets, any tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market (including NASDAQ Capital Market),
or the NYSE American, or any successor to such markets. 

(g)
 Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred and fifty Trading Days prior
to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(h)
 Trading Day means any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted on its Principal Market, provided, however,
that if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on any Principal Market, then any calendar day. 

8 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

GZ6G
 TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Name:
 William Smith 

Title:
 Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT
A 

EXERCISE
NOTICE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of
the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP., a Nevada corporation (the Company ),
evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ). Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

a cash exercise with respect to Warrant
Shares; or 

by cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of 
 to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

3. Delivery
 of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder 
 Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date:

(Print Name of Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

EXHIBIT
B 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the
right to purchase shares
of common stock of GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ,
as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. with full power of substitution and re-substitution
in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the
within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature)

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security
 or Tax Identification No.) 

The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership,
trust or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

</EX-10.62>

<EX-10.63>
 8
 f10kexex10-63_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.63

Exhibit 10.63 

THE
ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A)
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH
COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT. 

THE
ISSUE PRICE OF THIS NOTE IS 116,760.00 

 THE
ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT IS 12,510.00 

Principal
Amount: 116,760.00 

Issue Date: March 2, 2023 
 
 Purchase Price: 104,250.00 

PROMISSORY
NOTE 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED , GZ6G Technologies Corp. , a Nevada corporation (hereinafter called the Borrower ), hereby promises
to pay to the order of 1800 DIAGONAL LENDING LLC , a Virginia limited liability company, or registered assigns (the Holder the sum of 116,760.00 together with any interest as set forth herein, on March 2, 2024 (the Maturity Date ), and to pay
interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof from the date hereof (the Issue Date as set forth herein. This Note may
not be prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note
which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22 per annum from the due date thereof until the
same is paid Default Interest ). All payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock, 0.001 par
value per share (the Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States
of America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance
with the provisions of this Note. Each capitalized term used herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto
in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the Purchase
Agreement ). 

This
Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose personal liability upon the holder thereof. 

The
following terms shall apply to this Note: 

Article
I. GENERAL TERMS 

1.1
 Interest . A one-time interest charge of twelve percent (12 (the Interest Rate shall be applied on the Issuance
Date to the Principal 116,760.00 .12 = 14,011.00). Interest hereunder shall be paid as set forth herein to the Holder or its assignee
in whose name this Note is registered on the records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of Notes in cash or, in the
Event of Default, at the Option of the Holder, converted into share of Common Stock as set forth herein. 

 1.2
 Mandatory Monthly Payments . Accrued, unpaid Interest and outstanding principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in ten (10)
payments each in the amount of 13,077.10 (a total payback to the Holder of 130,771.00). The first payment shall be due April 15, 2023
with nine (9) subsequent payments each month thereafter. The Company shall have a five (5) day grace period with respect to each payment.
The Company has right to accelerate payments or prepay in full at any time with no prepayment penalty. All payments shall be made by
bank wire transfer to the Holder s wire instructions, attached hereto as Exhibit A. For the avoidance of doubt, a missed payment
shall be considered an Event of Default. 

1 

1.3
 Security . This Note shall not be secured by any collateral or any assets pledged to the Holder 

Article
II. CERTAIN COVENANTS 

2.1
 Sale of Assets . So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder s
written consent, sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets outside the ordinary course of business. Any
consent to the disposition of any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of disposition. 

Article
III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 

If
any of the following events of default (each, an Event of Default shall occur: 

3.1
 Failure to Pay Principal and Interest . The Borrower fails to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note,
whether at maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise and such breach continues for a period of five (5) days after written notice from
the Holder. 

3.2
 Breach of Covenants . The Borrower breaches any material covenant or other material term or condition contained in this Note and
any collateral documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such breach continues for a period of twenty (20) days
after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder. 

3.3
 Breach of Representations and Warranties . Any representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement
or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith (including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall
be false or misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a material
adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 

3.4
 Receiver or Trustee . The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or
apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a substantial part of its property or business, or such
a receiver or trustee shall otherwise be appointed. 

3.5
 Bankruptcy . Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary,
for relief under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary
of the Borrower. 

3.6
 Delisting of Common Stock . The Borrower shall fail to maintain the listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC (which
specifically includes the quotation platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group) or an equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq
National Market, the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock Exchange. 

2 

3.7
 Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act . The Borrower shall fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act;
and/or the Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. 

3.8
 Liquidation . Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or any substantial portion of its business. 

3.9
 Cessation of Operations . Any cessation of operations by Borrower or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its
debts as such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower s ability to continue as a going
concern shall not be an admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due. 

3.10
 Financial Statement Restatement . The restatement of any financial statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC at any time after
180 days after the Issuance Date for any date or period until this Note is no longer outstanding, if the result of such restatement would,
by comparison to the un-restated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect
to this Note or the Purchase Agreement. 

3.11
 Replacement of Transfer Agent . In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide,
prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved
Amount) signed by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. 

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default, the Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower
shall pay to the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to 150 times the sum of (w)
the then outstanding principal amount of this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of this
Note to the date of payment (the Mandatory Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred
to in clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Article IV hereof (the then outstanding principal
amount of this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses (x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known
as the Default Amount and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all without demand,
presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees and
expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 

If
the Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within five (5) business days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then
the Holder shall have the right at any time, to convert the balance owed pursuant to the note including the Default Amount into shares
of common stock of the Company as set forth herein. 

3 

Article
IV. CONVERSION RIGHTS 

4.1
 Conversion Right . At any time following an Event of Default, the Holder shall have the right, to convert all or any part of the
outstanding and unpaid amount of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on
the Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed
or reclassified at the conversion price determined as provided herein (a Conversion ); provided , however ,
that in no event shall the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of this Note upon conversion
of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other than shares of
Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised
or unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations
contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect
to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more
than 4.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership
shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The beneficial ownership limitations
on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by the Holder . The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon
each conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price
then in effect on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B(the Notice of Conversion ),
delivered to the Borrower by the Holder in accordance with Section 4.4 below; provided that the Notice of Conversion is submitted by
facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New
York, New York time on such conversion date (the Conversion Date ); however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent after 6:00pm,
New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next business day. The term Conversion Amount means, with respect
to any conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at
the Holder s option, accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates provided in this Note
to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder s option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the immediately
preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holder s option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 4.4
hereof. 

4.2
 Conversion Price . The conversion price (the Conversion Price shall mean 75 multiplied by the lowest Trading Price
for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Days prior to the Conversion Date (representing a discount rate of 25 (subject to
equitable adjustments by the Borrower relating to the Borrower s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower,
combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events). Trading Price means,
for any security as of any date, the closing bid price on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic quotation system or applicable trading
market (the OTC as reported by a reliable reporting service Reporting Service designated by the Holder
(i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the principal trading market for such security, the closing bid price of such security on the
principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or traded or, if no closing bid price of such security
is available in any of the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market makers for such security that are listed
in the pink sheets . If the Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the manner provided above,
the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in interest of
the Notes being converted for which the calculation of the Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of such
Notes. Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal
securities exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded. 

4 

4.3
 Authorized Shares . The Borrower covenants that during the period that the Note is outstanding, the Borrower will reserve from
its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common
Stock upon the full conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The Borrower is required at all times to have
authorized and reserved six times the number of shares that is actually issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion
Price of the Note in effect from time to time initially 182675358 shares) (the Reserved Amount ). The Reserved Amount shall
be increased from time to time in accordance with the Borrower s obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents that upon issuance,
such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or
make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible
at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient
number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The Borrower
(i) acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of this Note, and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full authority to its officers and agents who are
charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this Note. 

If,
at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will be considered an Event of Default under this Note. 

4.4
 Method of Conversion . 

(a)
 Mechanics of Conversion . As set forth in Section 4.1 hereof, at any time following an Event of Default, the balance due pursuant
to this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting
to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion
Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 4.4(b), surrendering this Note at the principal office
of the Borrower (upon payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder). 

(b)
 Surrender of Note Upon Conversion . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Note to the Borrower unless the entire
unpaid principal amount of this Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records showing the principal amount
so converted and the dates of such conversions or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and the Borrower,
so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon each such conversion. 

5 

(c)
 Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion . Upon receipt by the Borrower from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or
other reasonable means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements for conversion as provided in this Section
4.4, the Borrower shall issue and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the Holder certificates for the
Common Stock issuable upon such conversion within three (3) business days after such receipt (the Deadline (and, solely
in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and
the Purchase Agreement. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record
of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest on
this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its obligations hereunder, all rights with
respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other
securities, cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided
herein, the Borrower s obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and unconditional, irrespective
of the absence of any action by the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision thereof, the recovery
of any judgment against any person or any action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other obligation
of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged
breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation
of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such conversion. 

(d)
 Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer . In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable
upon conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust Company DTC Fast Automated Securities
Transfer FAST program, upon request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth herein, the Borrower
shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder
by crediting the account of Holder s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit and Withdrawal at Custodian DWAC system. 

(e)
 Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline . Without in any way limiting the Holder s right to pursue other remedies,
including actual damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
this Note is not delivered by the Deadline due to action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall pay to the Holder 2,000
per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the Fail to Deliver Fee );
provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and
not the result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Common
Stock. Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month in which it has accrued or, at the
option of the Holder (by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which it has accrued), shall
be added to the principal amount of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of this Note
and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees
that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference
with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages
provision contained in this Section 4.4(e) are justified. 

4.5
 Concerning the Shares . The shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless:
(i) such shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall
have been furnished with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel
in comparable transactions) to the effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption
from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a successor rule) Rule 144 ); or (iii) such shares are transferred to an affiliate 
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 4.5
and who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement). 

6 

Any
restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the
Borrower shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall
have received an opinion of counsel from Holder s counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable
transactions, to the effect that (i) a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the
Act; or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration. In the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the
opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration (such
as Rule 144), it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to this Note. 

4.6
 Effect of Certain Events . 

(a)
 Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc . At the option of the Holder, the sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or series of related transactions in which more
than 50 of the voting power of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other business combination of the Borrower
with or into any other Person (as defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be deemed to be an Event of Default
(as defined in Article III) pursuant to which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the consummation of and as a condition
to such transaction an amount equal to the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). Person shall mean any individual,
corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, trust or other entity or organization. 

(b)
 Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc . If, at any time when this Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion
of all of the Note, there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar
event, as a result of which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same or a different number of shares of
another class or classes of stock or securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or conveyance of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower other than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, then the Holder of this
Note shall thereafter have the right to receive upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified
herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or assets which
the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such transaction
(without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with respect
to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions
for adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable,
as nearly as may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower
shall not affect any transaction described in this Section 4.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to the extent practicable, ten (10) days
prior written notice (but in any event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of the special meeting of shareholders
to approve, or if there is no such record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar event or sale of assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this Note) and (b)
the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The above
provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges. 

7 

(c)
 Adjustment Due to Distribution . If the Borrower shall declare or make any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its
assets) to holders of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including any dividend
or distribution to the Borrower s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of capital stock of a subsidiary
(i.e., a spin-off)) (a Distribution ), then the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would
have been payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder
of such shares of Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to such Distribution. 

Article
V. Miscellaneous 

5.1
 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver . No failure or delay on the part of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege
hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude
other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies existing hereunder are cumulative
to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies otherwise available. 

5.2
 Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most
recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a)
upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If
to the Borrower, to: 

GZ6G
Technologies Corp. 

 8925
West Post Road, Suite 102 

 Las
Vegas, NV 89148 

 Attn:
William Coleman Smith, Chief Executive Officer 

 Email:
Cole@greenzebra.net 

If
to the Holder: 

1800
DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 

 1800
Diagonal Road, Suite 623 

 Alexandria
VA 22314 

 Attn:
Curt Kramer, President 

 Email: ckramer@sixthstreetlending.com 

8 

5.3
 Amendments . This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the
Holder. The term Note and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall mean this instrument (and the
other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, then as so amended
or supplemented. 

5.4
 Assignability . This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit
of the Holder and its successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an accredited investor (as defined in
Rule 501(a) of the Securities and Exchange Commission). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the contrary, this Note may be pledged
as collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by the Holder without
the consent of the Borrower. 

5.5
 Cost of Collection . If default is made in the payment of this Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection,
including reasonable attorneys fees. 

5.6
 Governing Law . This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia without regard
to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by
this Note shall be brought only in the state courts of Virginia or in the federal courts located in the state and city of Alexandria,
Virginia. The parties to this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder
and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Borrower and Holder
waive trial by jury. The Holder shall be entitled to recover from the Borrower its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the
event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable
statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Note, any agreement or any
other document delivered in connection with this Note by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery
(with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall
constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

5.7
 Purchase Agreement . By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement. 

5.8
 Remedies . The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder,
by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at
law for a breach of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the
Borrower of the provisions of this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or in
equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach
of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without
any bond or other security being required. 

9 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name by its duly authorized officer this on March 2, 2023 

GZ6G
Technologies Corp. 

By: 
 
 William
Coleman Smith 
 
 Chief
Executive Officer 

10 

EXHIBIT A WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 

[to
be provided via email] 

11 

EXHIBIT
B -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert _________________ principal amount of the Note (defined below) into that number
of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note Common Stock as set forth below,
of GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Borrower according to the conditions of the convertible note of
the Borrower dated as of March 2, 2023 (the Note ), as of the date written below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for
any conversion, except for transfer taxes, if any. 

Box
Checked as to applicable instructions: 

The
Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned
or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system DWAC Transfer ). 

Name
of DTC Prime Broker: 

 Account
Number: 

The
undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth
below (which numbers are based on the Holder s calculation attached hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional
space is necessary, on an attachment hereto: 

Date
of conversion: ____________ 

 Applicable
Conversion Price: ____________ 

 Number
of shares of common stock to be issued 

 pursuant
to conversion of the Notes: 
____________ 

 Amount
of Principal Balance due remaining 

 under
the Note after this conversion: ____________ 

1800
DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 

By:_____________________________ 

 Name:
Curt Kramer 

 Title:
President 

 Date:
__________________ 

12 

</EX-10.63>

<EX-10.64>
 9
 f10kexex10-64_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.64

Exhibit 10.64 

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of March 2, 2023, by and between GZ6G Technologies Corp. ,
a Nevada corporation, with its address at 8925 West Post Road, Suite 102, Las Vegas, NV 89148 (the Company ), and 1800
DIAGONAL LENDING LLC , a Virginia limited liability company, with its address at 1800 Diagonal Road, Suite 623, Alexandria VA 22314
(the Buyer ). 

WHEREAS : 

A.
The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by the rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ); and 

B.
Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, a promissory
note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the aggregate principal amount of 116,760.00 (including 12,510.00
of Original Issue Discount) (the Note ). 

NOW
THEREFORE , the Company and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby agree as follows: 

1.
 Purchase and Sale of the Securities. 

a.
 Purchase of the Securities . On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer
agrees to purchase from the Company the Securities as is set forth immediately below the Buyer s name on the signature pages hereto. 

b.
 Form of Payment . On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer shall pay the purchase price for the Securities be issued
and sold to it at the Closing (as defined below) (the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available funds to
the Company, in accordance with the Company s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Securities, and (ii) the Company
shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company against delivery of such Purchase Price. 

c.
 Closing Date . Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 below,
the date and time of the issuance and sale of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement (the Closing Date shall be 12:00
noon, Eastern Standard Time on or about March 3, 2023, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties. 

1 

2.
 Buyer s Representations and Warranties. The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that: 

a.
 Investment Purpose . As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
of or otherwise pursuant to the Note (such shares of Common Stock being collectively referred to herein as the Conversion Shares 
and, collectively with the Note, the Securities for its own account and not with a present view towards the public sale
or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted from registration under the 1933 Act. 

b.
 Accredited Investor Status . The Buyer is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
D (an Accredited Investor ). 

c.
 Reliance on Exemptions . The Buyer understands that the Securities are being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions
from the registration requirements of United States federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth
and accuracy of, and the Buyer s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings
of the Buyer set forth herein in order to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Buyer to acquire the
Securities. 

d.
 Information . The Company has not disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not disclose such information
unless such information is disclosed to the public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. 

e.
 Legends . The Buyer understands that the Securities have not been registered under the 1933 Act; and may bear a restrictive legend
in substantially the following form: 

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS INSTRUMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES
ACT ), OR UNDER ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED UNLESS
(1) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (2)
THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE BUYER OF SUCH SECURITIES, WHICH COUNSEL AND OPINION ARE REASONABLY
ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER S TRANSFER AGENT, THAT SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

2 

The
legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a certificate without such legend to the Buyer of any Security upon
which it is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under
an effective registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration without
any restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, or (b) such Buyer provides
the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to
the effect that a public sale or transfer of such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which opinion shall be
accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is effected. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those represented
by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In
the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the opinion of counsel that properly conforms to applicable securities laws provided
by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of any Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144, at the Deadline,
it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 of the Note. 

f.
 Authorization; Enforcement . This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
on behalf of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its
terms. 

3.
 Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that: 

a.
 Organization and Qualification . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate
and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated
and conducted. Subsidiaries means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which
the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership interest. 

b.
 Authorization; Enforcement . (i) The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement,
the Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the terms
hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including without limitation, the issuance of the Note has been duly authorized by the Company s
Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii)
this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized representative, and such authorized representative
is the true and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the other documents executed in connection herewith
and bind the Company accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and delivery by the Company of the Note, each
of such instruments will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance
with its terms. 

c.
 Capitalization . As of the date hereof, the authorized common stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000
 authorized shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, of which 114866020 shares are issued and outstanding. All of such
outstanding shares of capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. . 

3 

d.
 Issuance of Shares . The Securities are duly authorized and reserved for issuance in accordance with its respective terms, will
be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof
and shall not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability
upon the Buyer thereof. 

e.
 No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of the Certificate
of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a default (or
an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment,
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities
laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) applicable
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected
(except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually
or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). The businesses of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted,
and shall not be conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
entity. Material Adverse Effect means any material adverse effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition
or prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements
or instruments to be entered into in connection herewith. 

f.
 SEC Documents; Financial Statements . The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required
to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934
Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules
thereto and documents (other than exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter referred to herein
as the SEC Documents ). Upon written request the Company will deliver to the Buyer true and complete copies of the SEC Documents,
except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the amendments, the
SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents
is, or has been, required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as have been amended or updated in
subsequent filings prior the date hereof). As of their respective dates or if amended, as of the dates of the amendments, the financial
statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements
and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
United States generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved and fairly present in all material
respects the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated
results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end
audit adjustments). The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. 

4 

g.
 Absence of Certain Changes . Since September 30, 2022, except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there has been no material adverse
change and no material adverse development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results
of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

h.
 Absence of Litigation . Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, there is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation
before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in
their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or circumstances
which might give rise to any of the foregoing. 

i.
 No Integrated Offering . Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly
or indirectly made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any security under circumstances that would require
registration under the 1933 Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the Securities to the Buyer will not
be integrated with any other issuance of the Company s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any shareholder approval
provisions applicable to the Company or its securities. 

j.
 No Brokers . The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction
fees or similar payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

k.
 No Investment Company . The Company is not, and upon the issuance and sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement
will not be an investment company required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (an Investment
Company ). The Company is not controlled by an Investment Company. 

l.
 Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company . If the Company breaches any of the material representations or warranties
set forth in this Section 3 which is continuing after the applicable cure period as set forth in the Note, if any, and in addition to
any other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be considered an Event of default under Section 4.4 of
the Note. 

5 

4.
 COVENANTS . 

a.
 Best Efforts . The Company shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section
7 of this Agreement. 

b.
 Use of Proceeds . The Company shall use the proceeds for general working capital purposes. 

c.
 Expenses . At the Closing, the Company s obligation with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is to
reimburse Buyer expenses shall be 4,250.00 for Buyer s legal fees and due diligence fee. 

d.
 Corporate Existence . So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Note, the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall
not sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, except with the prior written consent of the Buyer. 

e.
 Breach of Covenants . If the Company breaches any of the material covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any
other remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement which is continuing after the applicable cure period as set forth in
the Note, it will be considered an event of default under Section 4.4 of the Note. 

f.
 Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act . So long as the Buyer beneficially owns the Note, the Company shall comply with the reporting
requirements of the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. 

g.
 The Buyer is Not a Dealer . The Buyer and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that the Buyer has not:
(i) acted as an underwriter; (ii) acted as a market maker or specialist; (iii) acted as de facto market maker; or (iv)
conducted any other professional market activities such as providing investment advice, extending credit and lending securities in connection;
and thus that the Buyer is not a Dealer as such term is defined in the 1934 Act. 

6 

5.
 Transfer Agent Instructions . The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered
in the name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the shares underlying any conversion of the Note upon default of the Note (the Conversion
Shares in such amounts as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company upon conversion of the Note in accordance with
the terms thereof (the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions ). In the event that the Company proposes to replace
its transfer agent, the Company shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer
Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably
reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount as such term is defined in the Note) signed by the successor transfer agent to
Company and the Company. Prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on which the Conversion Shares
may be sold pursuant to an exemption from registration, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive legend specified in Section
2(e) of this Agreement. The Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred
to in this Section 5, will be given by the Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely transferable
on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its transfer
agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated
form) any certificate for Conversion Shares to be issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when
required by the Note and this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove or impairs,
delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect
thereof) on any certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and
when required by the Note and/or this Agreement. If the Buyer provides the Company and the Company s transfer, at the cost
of the Buyer, with an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect
that a public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, the Company shall permit the transfer,
and, in the case of the Conversion Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive
legend, in such name and in such denominations as specified by the Buyer. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations
hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section 5 may be inadequate and
agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled,
in addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity
of showing economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 

6.
 Conditions to the Company s Obligation to Sell . The obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Securities
to the Buyer at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions thereto,
provided that these conditions are for the Company s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: 

a.
The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Company. 

b.
The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c.
The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of
the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer
shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Closing Date. 

7 

d.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

7.
 Conditions to The Buyer s Obligation to Purchase . The obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Securities at the
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, provided that these conditions
are for the Buyer s sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole discretion: 

a.
The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to the Buyer. 

b.
The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note, in accordance with Section 1(b) above. 

c.
The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance satisfactory to the Buyer, shall have been delivered to and acknowledged
in writing by the Company s Transfer Agent. 

d.
The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as
of the Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the
Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required
by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received
a certificate or certificates, executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, to the foregoing
effect and as to such other matters as may be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to certificates with respect
to the Board of Directors resolutions relating to the transactions contemplated hereby. 

e.
No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated
or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority
over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

f.
No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited
to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations. 

8 

8.
 Governing Law; Miscellaneous . 

a.
 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of Virginia or in the federal courts located in the state and city of Alexandria.
The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and
shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . The Company and Buyer
waive trial by jury. The Buyer shall be entitled to recover from the Company its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that
any provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable
statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed
modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service
of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement, the Note or any
related document or agreement by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process
in any other manner permitted by law. 

b.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of
which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered
to the other party. 

c.
 Headings . The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Agreement. 

d.
 Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule
of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to
conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof. 

e.
 Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties
with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor
the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may
be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the majority in interest of the Buyer. 

9 

f.
 Notices . All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be
in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted
by hand delivery, telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most
recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a)
upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the address
or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed
to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be
as set forth in the heading of this Agreement with a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice) to Naidich Wurman LLP,
111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214, Great Neck, NY 11021, Attn: Allison Naidich, facsimile: 516-466-3555, e-mail: allison@nwlaw.com. Each
party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in address. 

g.
 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
assigns. Neither the Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Buyer may assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities
in a private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its affiliates, as that term is defined under the 1934 Act, without
the consent of the Company. 

h.
 Survival . The representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall
survive the closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a result
of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this
Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. 

i.
 Further Assurances . Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and
shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request
in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

j.
 No Strict Construction . The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express
their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

10 

k.
 Remedies . The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law
for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by
the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law
or in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any
breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss
and without any bond or other security being required. 

[THE
REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

11 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

GZ6G
Technologies Corp. 

By: 

William
Coleman Smith 

 Chief
Executive Officer 

1800
DIAGONAL LENDING LLC 

By: 

Curt
Kramer 

 President 

Aggregate
Principal Amount of Note: 
 116,760.00 
 
 Original
Issue Discount 
 12,510.00 
 
 Aggregate
Purchase Price: 
 104,250.00 

12 

</EX-10.64>

<EX-10.65>
 10
 f10kexex10-65_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.65

Exhibit 10.65 

Form of Warrant 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

GZ6G TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Warrant
Shares: 16,417 

 Date
of Issuance: April 11, 2022 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for services provided according to Fee Agreement dated September
7, 2021, J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., a New York corporation (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ),
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time during the
Exercise Period (as defined below), to purchase from GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), up to
16,417 shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to
time pursuant to the terms and conditions ofthis Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the
Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated April 11, 2022, by and among the Company
and the Introduced Party (as defined in the Fee Agreement). 

Terms
used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise Price 
shall mean 1.20, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term Exercise
Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on the date which is
5 years after the Issuance Date. 

1 

1.
 EXERCISE OF WARRANT. 

(a) Mechanics
of Exercise. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in whole or in
part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the
 Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases ofa portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day
(the Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or
the Company s transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable
Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the
 Aggregate Exercise Price and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash
or by wire transfer of immediately available funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise
Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its transfer agent to) issue and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as
specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its
designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares
of Common Stock in electronic format ifrequested by the Holder). Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall
be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant
has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is
submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is
greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no
event later than three Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant (in accordance with Section 6)
representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant,
less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies at law or otherwise, the right to rescind
such exercise in Holder s sole discretion, and such failure shall be deemed an event of default under the Note. 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant
to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of
any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and a Notice of Exercise, in which event the Company shall issue
to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X=
 Y (A-B) 

 A 

Where
 X = the
number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y= the
number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date of such calculation). 

A= the
Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B= Exercise
Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b)
 No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

(c) Holder s
Exercise Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any exercise of
this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or otherwise, to
the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder
(together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together with
the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of
Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of
Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by
the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted
portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a
limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial
ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in
accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in
determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a
more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting
forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two
Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the
number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of
the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number
of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations contained in this
paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

2.
 ADJUSTMENTS. The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)
 Distribution of Assets. If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date,
to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of
the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable
immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock
entitled to receive the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i);
provided, however, that in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose
common stock is traded on a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common
Stock ), then the Holder may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the
number of Warrant Shares, the terms of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be
exercisable into the number of shares of Other Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the
Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal
to the product of the amount by which the exercise price of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to
the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of
this clause (ii). 

3 

(b)
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price. If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities entitling any person or
entity to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise) (including but not limited to the price at which Common
Stock is issuable under the Note), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price
for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection
with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less
than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed
to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted
or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal
the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of
whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive
Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder
may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under
the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the
issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price,
or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance Notice ).
For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b), upon the
occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price regardless
of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. 

Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock
dividend, recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of
shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant
Shares will be proportionately increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse
stock split or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the
Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares
will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the
date the subdivision or combination becomes effective. Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest
one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall
occur. 

4 

3.
 FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ),
(ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property
and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.
 NON-CIRCUMVENTION. The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, one and a half(l.5) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into to
provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.
 WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise)
or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

5 

6.
 REISSUANCE. 

(a)
 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant. If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)
 Issuance of New Warrants. Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date. 

7.
 TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the
Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company
hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written
consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null
and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights
and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole
or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8.
 NOTICES. Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder. 

9.
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER. The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10. GOVERNING
LAW AND VENUE. This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State ofNevada without regard
to principles of conflicts oflaws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by
this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any
action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non
conveniens. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE
ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. The prevailing party shall be
entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this
Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of
law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to
conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of
process and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to
such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve
process in any other manner permitted by law. 

6 

11.
 PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION RIGHTS. The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit D hereto. 

12.
 ACCEPTANCE. Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

13.
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
 Nasdaq means www.Nasdaq.com. 

(b)
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on
the Principal Market, as reported by Nasdaq, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Nasdaq, or (ii)
if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by
Nasdaq, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Nasdaq, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c)
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d)
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(f)
 Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(g) Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange on which the
Common Stock is then traded 

(h)
 Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred fifty Trading Days prior
to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(i) Trading
Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market, (ii) if the
Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs on any
over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any Business Day. 

7 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

GZ6G Technologies Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ Coleman Smith 

Name: 
 Coleman Smith 

Title: 
 CEO 

8 

EXHIBIT
B 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of GZ6G Technologies
Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check one): 

a
cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by
cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of 
 to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

3. Delivery of Warrant
 Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder 
 Warrant Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print
Name of Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

9 

EXHIBIT
C 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase 
 shares of common stock of GZ6G Technologies Corp., to which the within
Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ,
as attorney-in-fact, to transfer said right on the books of GZ6G Technologies Corp. with full power of substitution and re-substitution
in the premises. By accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the
within Warrant. 

Dated:

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social
Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant
in every particular without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership,
trust, or other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

10 

EXHIBIT
D 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All
of the shares into which the Warrant is exercisable into will be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions
of this Exhibit C. 

1.
Piggy-Back Registration. 

1.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the
1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the
Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection
with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a
merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten I 0) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
 Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to
be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders
of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy Back Registration that involves an underwriter or
underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back
Registration. 

1.2
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities
in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant
to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

11 

1.4 The Company may request a holder of Registrable
Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required
by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish the Company with such information. 

1 .5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit D by the Company shall be borne by the Company
whether or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the
foregoing sentence shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and
expenses of the Company s counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the
SEC, (B) with respect to filings required to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading,
(C) in compliance with applicable state securities or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including,
without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of
the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder
of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger,
telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the
Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons or entities retained by the Company in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D and (vii) reasonable fees and disbursements of a single
special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority of the Registrable Securities
requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses incurred in connection
with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries and expenses
of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event
shall the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the
officers, directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent
role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or
entity who controls the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or
Section 20 of the 1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other
individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or
any other title) of each such controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without
limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or
relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related
prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of
or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light of the circumstances under which they were made) not
misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or
any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Exhibit D, except to the extent,
but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information regarding the Buyer or such holder
of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall notify the Buyer and each holder
of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising from or in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D of which the Company is aware. 

12 

1.7
If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless
for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include
any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to such
party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any holder
of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net proceeds
actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement or related
prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue
statement or omission or alleged omission. 

[End
of Exhibit D] 

13 

</EX-10.65>

<EX-10.66>
 11
 f10kexex10-66_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.66

Exhibit
10.66 

Form of Warrant 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Warrant
Shares: 66,000 

 Date
of Issuance: May 23, 2022 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for services provided according to Fee Agreement dated September 7,
2021, J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., a New York corporation (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ),
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time during the
Exercise Period (as defined below), to purchase from GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), up to
66,000 shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to
time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by
the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated May 23, 2022, by and among
the Company and the Introduced Party (as defined in the Fee Agreement). 

Terms
used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise
Price shall mean 0.36, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term
 Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on
the date which is five years after the Issuance Date. 

Form of Warrant 

1.
 EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a)
 Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in
whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the
 Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available
funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its
transfer agent to) issue and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of
record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to
such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies at law or otherwise, the right to rescind
such exercise in Holder s sole discretion, and such failure shall be deemed an event of default under the Note. 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant
to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of
any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and a Notice of Exercise, in which event the Company shall issue
to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = 
 Y
 (A-B) 

A 

Where 
 X = the
 number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y
 = the
 number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date
 of such calculation). 

A
 = the
 Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B
 = Exercise
 Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b)
 No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

Form of Warrant 

(c)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any
exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or
otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which
would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as
to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

2.
 ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)
 Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date,
to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of
the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

3 

Form of Warrant 

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder
may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms
of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other
Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant
immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price
of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the
number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b)
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities entitling any person or
entity to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise) (including but not limited to the price at which Common
Stock is issuable under the Note), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price
for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection
with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less
than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed
to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted
or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal
the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of
whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive
Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder
may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under
the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the
issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance
price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance
Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b),
upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price
regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. 

Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made
successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

4 

Form of Warrant 

3.
 FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ),
(ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property
and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.
 NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, one and a half (1.5) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into
to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.
 WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise)
or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

5 

Form of Warrant 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a)
 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)
 Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date. 

7.
 TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the
Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company
hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written
consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null
and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights
and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole
or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8.
 NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder. 

9.
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10.
 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted
hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party
its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection
herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to
the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any
agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

6 

Form of Warrant 

11.
 PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION RIGHTS . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit D hereto. 

12.
 ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

13.
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
 Nasdaq means www.Nasdaq.com. 

(b)
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on
the Principal Market, as reported by Nasdaq, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Nasdaq, or (ii)
if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by
Nasdaq, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Nasdaq, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c)
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d)
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(f)
 Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(g)
 Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. 

(h)
 Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred fifty Trading Days prior
to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(i)
 Trading Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market,
(ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs
on any over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any Business Day. 

7 

Form of Warrant 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

GZ6G Technologies
 Corp. 

By: 

Name: 
 William Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Title: 
 CEO 

8 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
B 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of GZ6G Technologies
Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
 of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made
 as (check one): 

a
 cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by
 cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of ____________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of
 the Warrant. 

3. Delivery
 of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder ____________________ Warrant Shares in accordance
 with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of
 Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

9 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
C 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase ____________________ shares of common
stock of GZ6G Technologies Corp., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ____________________, as attorney-in-fact,
to transfer said right on the books of GZ6G Technologies Corp. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By
accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The
 signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face
 of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement
 or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust, or
 other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

10 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
D 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All
of the shares into which the Warrant is exercisable into will be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions
of this Exhibit C. 

1. Piggy-Back
 Registration. 

1.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the
1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the
Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection
with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a
merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
 Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to
be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders
of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy- Back Registration that involves an underwriter or
underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back
Registration. 

1.2
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities
in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant
to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

11 

Form of Warrant 

1.4
The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time
to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information. 

1.5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit D by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required
to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities
or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing
that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities
with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons
or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D and (vii)
reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority
of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries
and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall
the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the
1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with
a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees)
and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933
Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations
under this Exhibit D, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information
regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall
notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising
from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D of which the Company is aware. 

12 

Form of Warrant 

1.7
If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless
for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include
any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to
such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any
holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net
proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement
or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

[End
of Exhibit D] 

13 

</EX-10.66>

<EX-10.67>
 12
 f10kexex10-67_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.67

Exhibit
10.67 

Form of Warrant 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Warrant
Shares: 79,200 

 Date
of Issuance: September 23, 2022 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for services provided according to Fee Agreement dated September 7,
2021, J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., a New York corporation (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ),
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time during the
Exercise Period (as defined below), to purchase from GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), up to
79,200 shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to
time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by
the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated September 23, 2022, by and among
the Company and the Introduced Party (as defined in the Fee Agreement). 

Terms
used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise
Price shall mean 0.12, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term
 Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on
the date which is five years after the Issuance Date. 

Form of Warrant 

1.
 EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a)
 Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in
whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the
 Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available
funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its
transfer agent to) issue and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of
record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to
such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies at law or otherwise, the right to rescind
such exercise in Holder s sole discretion, and such failure shall be deemed an event of default under the Note. 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant
to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of
any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and a Notice of Exercise, in which event the Company shall issue
to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = 
 Y
 (A-B) 

A 

Where 
 X = the
 number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y
 = the
 number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date
 of such calculation). 

A
 = the
 Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B
 = Exercise
 Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b)
 No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

Form of Warrant 

(c)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any
exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or
otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which
would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as
to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

2.
 ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)
 Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date,
to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of
the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

3 

Form of Warrant 

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder
may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms
of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other
Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant
immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price
of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the
number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b)
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities entitling any person or
entity to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise) (including but not limited to the price at which Common
Stock is issuable under the Note), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price
for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection
with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less
than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed
to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted
or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal
the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of
whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive
Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder
may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under
the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the
issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance
price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance
Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b),
upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price
regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. 

Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made
successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

4 

Form of Warrant 

3.
 FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ),
(ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property
and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.
 NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, one and a half (1.5) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into
to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.
 WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise)
or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

5 

Form of Warrant 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a)
 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)
 Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date. 

7.
 TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the
Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company
hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written
consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null
and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights
and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole
or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8.
 NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder. 

9.
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10.
 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted
hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party
its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection
herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to
the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any
agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

6 

Form of Warrant 

11.
 PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION RIGHTS . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit D hereto. 

12.
 ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

13.
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
 Nasdaq means www.Nasdaq.com. 

(b)
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on
the Principal Market, as reported by Nasdaq, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Nasdaq, or (ii)
if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by
Nasdaq, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Nasdaq, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c)
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d)
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(f)
 Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(g)
 Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. 

(h)
 Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred fifty Trading Days prior
to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(i)
 Trading Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market,
(ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs
on any over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any Business Day. 

7 

Form of Warrant 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

GZ6G Technologies
 Corp. 

By: 

Name: 
 William Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Title: 
 CEO 

8 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
B 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of GZ6G Technologies
Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
 of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made
 as (check one): 

a
 cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by
 cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of ____________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of
 the Warrant. 

3. Delivery
 of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder ____________________ Warrant Shares in accordance
 with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of
 Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

9 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
C 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase ____________________ shares of common
stock of GZ6G Technologies Corp., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ____________________, as attorney-in-fact,
to transfer said right on the books of GZ6G Technologies Corp. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By
accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The
 signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face
 of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement
 or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust, or
 other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

10 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
D 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All
of the shares into which the Warrant is exercisable into will be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions
of this Exhibit C. 

1. Piggy-Back
 Registration. 

1.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the
1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the
Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection
with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a
merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
 Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to
be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders
of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy- Back Registration that involves an underwriter or
underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back
Registration. 

1.2
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities
in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant
to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

11 

Form of Warrant 

1.4
The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time
to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information. 

1.5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit D by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required
to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities
or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing
that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities
with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons
or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D and (vii)
reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority
of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries
and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall
the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the
1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with
a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees)
and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933
Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations
under this Exhibit D, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information
regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall
notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising
from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D of which the Company is aware. 

12 

Form of Warrant 

1.7
If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless
for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include
any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to
such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any
holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net
proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement
or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

[End
of Exhibit D] 

13 

</EX-10.67>

<EX-10.68>
 13
 f10kexex10-68_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.68

Exhibit
10.68 

Form of Warrant 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Warrant
Shares: 131,850 

 Date
of Issuance: November 23, 2022 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for services provided according to Fee Agreement dated September 7,
2021, J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., a New York corporation (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ),
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time during the
Exercise Period (as defined below), to purchase from GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), up to
131,850 shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to
time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by
the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated November 23, 2022, by and among
the Company and the Introduced Party (as defined in the Fee Agreement). 

Terms
used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise
Price shall mean 0.12, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term
 Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on
the date which is five years after the Issuance Date. 

Form of Warrant 

1.
 EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a)
 Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in
whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the
 Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available
funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its
transfer agent to) issue and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of
record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to
such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies at law or otherwise, the right to rescind
such exercise in Holder s sole discretion, and such failure shall be deemed an event of default under the Note. 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant
to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of
any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and a Notice of Exercise, in which event the Company shall issue
to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = 
 Y
 (A-B) 

A 

Where 
 X = the
 number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y
 = the
 number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date
 of such calculation). 

A
 = the
 Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B
 = Exercise
 Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b)
 No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

Form of Warrant 

(c)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any
exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or
otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which
would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as
to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

2.
 ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)
 Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date,
to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of
the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

3 

Form of Warrant 

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder
may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms
of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other
Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant
immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price
of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the
number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b)
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities entitling any person or
entity to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise) (including but not limited to the price at which Common
Stock is issuable under the Note), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price
for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection
with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less
than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed
to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted
or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal
the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of
whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive
Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder
may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under
the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the
issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance
price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance
Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b),
upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price
regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. 

Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made
successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

4 

Form of Warrant 

3.
 FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ),
(ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property
and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.
 NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, one and a half (1.5) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into
to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.
 WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise)
or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

5 

Form of Warrant 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a)
 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)
 Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date. 

7.
 TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the
Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company
hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written
consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null
and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights
and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole
or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8.
 NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder. 

9.
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10.
 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted
hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party
its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection
herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to
the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any
agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

6 

Form of Warrant 

11.
 PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION RIGHTS . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit D hereto. 

12.
 ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

13.
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
 Nasdaq means www.Nasdaq.com. 

(b)
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on
the Principal Market, as reported by Nasdaq, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Nasdaq, or (ii)
if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by
Nasdaq, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Nasdaq, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c)
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d)
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(f)
 Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(g)
 Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. 

(h)
 Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred fifty Trading Days prior
to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(i)
 Trading Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market,
(ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs
on any over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any Business Day. 

7 

Form of Warrant 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

GZ6G Technologies
 Corp. 

By: 
 /s/ William
 Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Name: 
 William Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Title: 
 CEO 

8 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
B 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of GZ6G Technologies
Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
 of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made
 as (check one): 

a
 cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by
 cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of ____________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of
 the Warrant. 

3. Delivery
 of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder ____________________ Warrant Shares in accordance
 with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of
 Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

9 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
C 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase ____________________ shares of common
stock of GZ6G Technologies Corp., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ____________________, as attorney-in-fact,
to transfer said right on the books of GZ6G Technologies Corp. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By
accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The
 signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face
 of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement
 or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust, or
 other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

10 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
D 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All
of the shares into which the Warrant is exercisable into will be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions
of this Exhibit C. 

1. Piggy-Back
 Registration. 

1.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the
1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the
Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection
with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a
merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
 Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to
be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders
of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy- Back Registration that involves an underwriter or
underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back
Registration. 

1.2
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities
in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant
to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

11 

Form of Warrant 

1.4
The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time
to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information. 

1.5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit D by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required
to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities
or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing
that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities
with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons
or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D and (vii)
reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority
of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries
and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall
the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the
1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with
a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees)
and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933
Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations
under this Exhibit D, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information
regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall
notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising
from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D of which the Company is aware. 

12 

Form of Warrant 

1.7
If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless
for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include
any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to
such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any
holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net
proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement
or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

[End
of Exhibit D] 

13 

</EX-10.68>

<EX-10.69>
 14
 f10kexex10-69_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.69

Exhibit
10.69 

Form of Warrant 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Warrant
Shares: 131,850 

 Date
of Issuance: December 20, 2022 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for services provided according to Fee Agreement dated September 7,
2021, J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., a New York corporation (including any permitted and registered assigns, the Holder ),
is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time during the
Exercise Period (as defined below), to purchase from GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), up to
131,850 shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares (whereby such number may be adjusted from time to
time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then in effect. This Warrant is issued by
the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement dated December 20, 2022, by and among
the Company and the Introduced Party (as defined in the Fee Agreement). 

Terms
used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise
Price shall mean 0.12, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term
 Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on
the date which is five years after the Issuance Date. 

Form of Warrant 

1.
 EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a)
 Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in
whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the
 Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available
funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its
transfer agent to) issue and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of
record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to
such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies at law or otherwise, the right to rescind
such exercise in Holder s sole discretion, and such failure shall be deemed an event of default under the Note. 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant
to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of
any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and a Notice of Exercise, in which event the Company shall issue
to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = 
 Y
 (A-B) 

A 

Where 
 X = the
 number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y
 = the
 number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date
 of such calculation). 

A
 = the
 Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B
 = Exercise
 Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b)
 No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

Form of Warrant 

(c)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any
exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or
otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which
would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as
to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

2.
 ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)
 Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date,
to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of
the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

3 

Form of Warrant 

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder
may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms
of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other
Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant
immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price
of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the
number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b)
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities entitling any person or
entity to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise) (including but not limited to the price at which Common
Stock is issuable under the Note), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price
for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection
with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less
than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed
to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted
or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal
the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of
whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive
Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder
may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under
the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the
issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance
price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance
Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b),
upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price
regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. 

Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made
successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

4 

Form of Warrant 

3.
 FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ),
(ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property
and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.
 NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, one and a half (1.5) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into
to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.
 WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise)
or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

5 

Form of Warrant 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a)
 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)
 Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date. 

7.
 TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the
Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company
hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written
consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null
and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights
and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole
or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8.
 NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder. 

9.
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10.
 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted
hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party
its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection
herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to
the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any
agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

6 

Form of Warrant 

11.
 PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION RIGHTS . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit D hereto. 

12.
 ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

13.
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
 Nasdaq means www.Nasdaq.com. 

(b)
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on
the Principal Market, as reported by Nasdaq, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Nasdaq, or (ii)
if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by
Nasdaq, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Nasdaq, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c)
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d)
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(f)
 Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(g)
 Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. 

(h)
 Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred fifty Trading Days prior
to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(i)
 Trading Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market,
(ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs
on any over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any Business Day. 

7 

Form of Warrant 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

GZ6G Technologies
 Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
William Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Name: 
 William Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Title: 
 CEO 

8 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
B 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of GZ6G Technologies
Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
 of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made
 as (check one): 

a
 cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by
 cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of ____________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of
 the Warrant. 

3. Delivery
 of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder ____________________ Warrant Shares in accordance
 with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of
 Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

9 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
C 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase ____________________ shares of common
stock of GZ6G Technologies Corp., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ____________________, as attorney-in-fact,
to transfer said right on the books of GZ6G Technologies Corp. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By
accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The
 signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face
 of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement
 or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust, or
 other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

10 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
D 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All
of the shares into which the Warrant is exercisable into will be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions
of this Exhibit C. 

1. Piggy-Back
 Registration. 

1.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the
1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the
Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection
with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a
merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
 Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to
be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders
of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy- Back Registration that involves an underwriter or
underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back
Registration. 

1.2
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities
in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant
to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

11 

Form of Warrant 

1.4
The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time
to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information. 

1.5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit D by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required
to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities
or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing
that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities
with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons
or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D and (vii)
reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority
of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries
and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall
the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the
1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with
a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees)
and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933
Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations
under this Exhibit D, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information
regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall
notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising
from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D of which the Company is aware. 

12 

Form of Warrant 

1.7
If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless
for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include
any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to
such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any
holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net
proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement
or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

[End
of Exhibit D] 

13 

</EX-10.69>

<EX-10.70>
 15
 f10kexex10-70_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.70

Exhibit
10.70 

Form of Warrant 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Warrant
Shares: 263,700 

 Date
of Issuance: January 23, 2023 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for services provided according to Fee Agreement dated
September 7, 2021, J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., a New York corporation (including any permitted and registered assigns, the
 Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set
forth, at any time during the Exercise Period (as defined below), to purchase from GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Company ), up to 263,700 shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares (whereby
such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share
then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase
agreement dated January 23, 2023, by and among the Company and the Introduced Party (as defined in the Fee
Agreement). 

Terms
used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise
Price shall mean 0.06, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term
 Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on
the date which is five years after the Issuance Date. 

Form of Warrant 

1.
 EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a)
 Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in
whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the
 Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available
funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its
transfer agent to) issue and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of
record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to
such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies at law or otherwise, the right to rescind
such exercise in Holder s sole discretion, and such failure shall be deemed an event of default under the Note. 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant
to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of
any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and a Notice of Exercise, in which event the Company shall issue
to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = 
 Y
 (A-B) 

A 

Where 
 X = the
 number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y
 = the
 number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date
 of such calculation). 

A
 = the
 Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B
 = Exercise
 Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b)
 No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

Form of Warrant 

(c)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any
exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or
otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which
would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as
to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

2.
 ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)
 Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date,
to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of
the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

3 

Form of Warrant 

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder
may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms
of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other
Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant
immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price
of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the
number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b)
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities entitling any person or
entity to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise) (including but not limited to the price at which Common
Stock is issuable under the Note), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price
for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection
with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less
than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed
to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted
or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal
the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of
whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive
Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder
may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under
the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the
issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance
price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance
Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b),
upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price
regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. 

Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made
successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

4 

Form of Warrant 

3.
 FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ),
(ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property
and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.
 NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, one and a half (1.5) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into
to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.
 WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise)
or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

5 

Form of Warrant 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a)
 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)
 Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date. 

7.
 TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the
Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company
hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written
consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null
and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights
and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole
or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8.
 NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder. 

9.
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10.
 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted
hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party
its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection
herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to
the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any
agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

6 

Form of Warrant 

11.
 PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION RIGHTS . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit D hereto. 

12.
 ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

13.
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
 Nasdaq means www.Nasdaq.com. 

(b)
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on
the Principal Market, as reported by Nasdaq, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Nasdaq, or (ii)
if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by
Nasdaq, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Nasdaq, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c)
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d)
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(f)
 Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(g)
 Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. 

(h)
 Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred fifty Trading Days prior
to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(i)
 Trading Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market,
(ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs
on any over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any Business Day. 

7 

Form of Warrant 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

GZ6G Technologies
 Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
William Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Name: 
 William Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Title: 
 CEO 

8 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
B 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of GZ6G Technologies
Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
 of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made
 as (check one): 

a
 cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by
 cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of ____________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of
 the Warrant. 

3. Delivery
 of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder ____________________ Warrant Shares in accordance
 with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of
 Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

9 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
C 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase ____________________ shares of common
stock of GZ6G Technologies Corp., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ____________________, as attorney-in-fact,
to transfer said right on the books of GZ6G Technologies Corp. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By
accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The
 signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face
 of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement
 or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust, or
 other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

10 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
D 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All
of the shares into which the Warrant is exercisable into will be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions
of this Exhibit C. 

1. Piggy-Back
 Registration. 

1.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the
1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the
Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection
with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a
merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
 Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to
be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders
of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy- Back Registration that involves an underwriter or
underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back
Registration. 

1.2
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities
in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant
to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

11 

Form of Warrant 

1.4
The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time
to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information. 

1.5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit D by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required
to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities
or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing
that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities
with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons
or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D and (vii)
reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority
of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries
and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall
the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the
1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with
a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees)
and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933
Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations
under this Exhibit D, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information
regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall
notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising
from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D of which the Company is aware. 

12 

Form of Warrant 

1.7
If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless
for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include
any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to
such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any
holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net
proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement
or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

[End
of Exhibit D] 

13 

</EX-10.70>

<EX-10.71>
 16
 f10kexex10-71_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.71

Exhibit
10.71 

Form of Warrant 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Warrant
Shares: 263,700 

 Date
of Issuance: March 16, 2023 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for services provided according to Fee Agreement dated
September 7, 2021, J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., a New York corporation (including any permitted and registered assigns, the
 Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set
forth, at any time during the Exercise Period (as defined below), to purchase from GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Company ), up to 263,700 shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares (whereby
such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share
then in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase
agreement dated March 16, 2023, by and among the Company and the Introduced Party (as defined in the Fee Agreement). 

Terms
used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise
Price shall mean 0.06, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term
 Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on
the date which is five years after the Issuance Date. 

Form of Warrant 

1.
 EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a)
 Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in
whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the
 Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available
funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its
transfer agent to) issue and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of
record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to
such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies at law or otherwise, the right to rescind
such exercise in Holder s sole discretion, and such failure shall be deemed an event of default under the Note. 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant
to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of
any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and a Notice of Exercise, in which event the Company shall issue
to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = 
 Y
 (A-B) 

A 

Where 
 X = the
 number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y
 = the
 number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date
 of such calculation). 

A
 = the
 Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B
 = Exercise
 Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b)
 No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

Form of Warrant 

(c)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any
exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or
otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which
would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as
to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

2.
 ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)
 Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date,
to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of
the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

3 

Form of Warrant 

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder
may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms
of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other
Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant
immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price
of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the
number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b)
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities entitling any person or
entity to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise) (including but not limited to the price at which Common
Stock is issuable under the Note), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price
for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection
with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less
than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed
to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted
or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal
the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of
whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive
Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder
may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under
the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the
issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance
price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance
Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b),
upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price
regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. 

Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made
successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

4 

Form of Warrant 

3.
 FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ),
(ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property
and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.
 NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, one and a half (1.5) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into
to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.
 WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise)
or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

5 

Form of Warrant 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a)
 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)
 Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date. 

7.
 TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the
Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company
hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written
consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null
and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights
and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole
or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8.
 NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder. 

9.
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10.
 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted
hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party
its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection
herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to
the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any
agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

6 

Form of Warrant 

11.
 PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION RIGHTS . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit D hereto. 

12.
 ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

13.
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
 Nasdaq means www.Nasdaq.com. 

(b)
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on
the Principal Market, as reported by Nasdaq, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Nasdaq, or (ii)
if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by
Nasdaq, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Nasdaq, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c)
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d)
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(f)
 Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(g)
 Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. 

(h)
 Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred fifty Trading Days prior
to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(i)
 Trading Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market,
(ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs
on any over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any Business Day. 

7 

Form of Warrant 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

GZ6G Technologies
 Corp. 

By: 

Name: 
 William Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Title: 
 CEO 

8 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
B 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of GZ6G Technologies
Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
 of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made
 as (check one): 

a
 cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by
 cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of ____________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of
 the Warrant. 

3. Delivery
 of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder ____________________ Warrant Shares in accordance
 with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of
 Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

9 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
C 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase ____________________ shares of common
stock of GZ6G Technologies Corp., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ____________________, as attorney-in-fact,
to transfer said right on the books of GZ6G Technologies Corp. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By
accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The
 signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face
 of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement
 or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust, or
 other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

10 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
D 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All
of the shares into which the Warrant is exercisable into will be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions
of this Exhibit C. 

1. Piggy-Back
 Registration. 

1.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the
1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the
Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection
with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a
merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
 Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to
be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders
of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy- Back Registration that involves an underwriter or
underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back
Registration. 

1.2
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities
in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant
to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

11 

Form of Warrant 

1.4
The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time
to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information. 

1.5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit D by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required
to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities
or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing
that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities
with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons
or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D and (vii)
reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority
of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries
and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall
the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the
1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with
a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees)
and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933
Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations
under this Exhibit D, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information
regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall
notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising
from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D of which the Company is aware. 

12 

Form of Warrant 

1.7
If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless
for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include
any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to
such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any
holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net
proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement
or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

[End
of Exhibit D] 

13 

</EX-10.71>

<EX-10.72>
 17
 f10kexex10-72_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-10.72

Exhibit
10.72 

Form of Warrant 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES AS TO WHICH THIS SECURITY MAY BE EXERCISED HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR
TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

GZ6G
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

Warrant
Shares: 72,000 

 Date
of Issuance: November 3, 2022 Issuance Date 

This
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for services provided according to Fee Agreement dated
September 7, 2021, J.H. Darbie Co., Inc., a New York corporation (including any permitted and registered assigns, the
 Holder ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set
forth, at any time during the Exercise Period (as defined below), to purchase from GZ6G Technologies Corp., a Nevada corporation
(the Company ), up to 72,000 shares of Common Stock (as defined below) (the Warrant Shares (whereby such
number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Warrant) at the Exercise Price per share then
in effect. This Warrant is issued by the Company as of the date hereof in connection with that certain securities purchase agreement
dated November 3, 2022, by and among the Company and the Introduced Party (as defined in the Fee Agreement). 

Terms
used in this Warrant shall have the meanings set forth in Section 13 below. For purposes of this Warrant, the term Exercise
Price shall mean 0.12, subject to adjustment as provided herein (including but not limited to cashless exercise), and the term
 Exercise Period shall mean the period commencing on the Issuance Date and ending on 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time on
the date which is five years after the Issuance Date. 

Form of Warrant 

1.
 EXERCISE OF WARRANT . 

(a)
 Mechanics of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the rights represented by this Warrant may be exercised in
whole or in part at any time or times during the Exercise Period by delivery of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
B (the Exercise Notice ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. The Holder shall not be required to deliver
the original Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. On or before the second Trading Day (the
 Warrant Share Delivery Date following the date on which the Holder sent the Exercise Notice to the Company or the Company s
transfer agent, and upon receipt by the Company of payment to the Company of an amount equal to the applicable Exercise Price multiplied
by the number of Warrant Shares as to which all or a portion of this Warrant is being exercised (the Aggregate Exercise Price 
and together with the Exercise Notice, the Exercise Delivery Documents in cash or by wire transfer of immediately available
funds (or by cashless exercise, in which case there shall be no Aggregate Exercise Price provided), the Company shall (or direct its
transfer agent to) issue and dispatch by overnight courier to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise (or deliver such shares of Common Stock in electronic format if requested by the Holder).
Upon delivery of the Exercise Delivery Documents, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of
record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the certificates
evidencing such Warrant Shares. If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise and the number of Warrant Shares represented
by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Warrant Shares being acquired upon an exercise, then the Company
shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than three Business Days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue a new Warrant
(in accordance with Section 6) representing the right to purchase the number of Warrant Shares purchasable immediately prior to
such exercise under this Warrant, less the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. 

If
the Company fails to cause its transfer agent to transmit to the Holder the respective shares of Common Stock by the respective Warrant
Share Delivery Date, then the Holder shall have, in addition to all other rights and remedies at law or otherwise, the right to rescind
such exercise in Holder s sole discretion, and such failure shall be deemed an event of default under the Note. 

If
the Market Price of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price, the Holder may elect to receive Warrant Shares pursuant
to a cashless exercise, in lieu of a cash exercise, equal to the value of this Warrant determined in the manner described below (or of
any portion thereof remaining unexercised) by surrender of this Warrant and a Notice of Exercise, in which event the Company shall issue
to Holder a number of Common Stock computed using the following formula: 

X = 
 Y
 (A-B) 

A 

Where 
 X = the
 number of Shares to be issued to Holder. 

Y
 = the
 number of Warrant Shares that the Holder elects to purchase under this Warrant (at the date
 of such calculation). 

A
 = the
 Market Price (at the date of such calculation). 

B
 = Exercise
 Price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation). 

(b)
 No Fractional Shares . No fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant as a consequence of any adjustment
pursuant hereto. All Warrant Shares (including fractions) issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may be aggregated for purposes of determining
whether the exercise would result in the issuance of any fractional share. If, after aggregation, the exercise would result in the issuance
of a fractional share, the Company shall, in lieu of issuance of any fractional share, pay the Holder otherwise entitled to such fraction
a sum in cash equal to the product resulting from multiplying the then-current fair market value of a Warrant Share by such fraction. 

2 

Form of Warrant 

(c)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not effect any
exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 1 or
otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
the Holder (together with the Holder s affiliates (the Affiliates ), and any other Persons acting as a group together
with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )), would beneficially own in
excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and Attribution Parties shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which
would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of
its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or nonconverted portion of any other securities
of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise
analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except
as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 1(c), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being acknowledged by the Holder
that the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. In addition, a determination as
to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules
and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 1(c), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common
Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic
or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent
written notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written
or oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares
of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect
to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties
since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding at the time of the respective calculation hereunder. The limitations
contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

2.
 ADJUSTMENTS . The Exercise Price and the number of Warrant Shares shall be adjusted from time to time as follows: 

(a)
 Distribution of Assets . If the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire
its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including without limitation any distribution
of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement or
other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case: 

(i)
any Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of
shares of Common Stock entitled to receive the Distribution shall be reduced, effective as of the close of business on such record date,
to a price determined by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (i) the numerator of which shall be the Closing Sale Price of
the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date minus the value of the Distribution (as determined
in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors) applicable to one share of Common Stock, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
be the Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on the Trading Day immediately preceding such record date; and 

3 

Form of Warrant 

(ii)
the number of Warrant Shares shall be increased to a number of shares equal to the number of shares of Common Stock obtainable immediately
prior to the close of business on the record date fixed for the determination of holders of shares of Common Stock entitled to receive
the Distribution multiplied by the reciprocal of the fraction set forth in the immediately preceding clause (i); provided, however, that
in the event that the Distribution is of shares of common stock of a company (other than the Company) whose common stock is traded on
a national securities exchange or a national automated quotation system Other Shares of Common Stock ), then the Holder
may elect to receive a warrant to purchase Other Shares of Common Stock in lieu of an increase in the number of Warrant Shares, the terms
of which shall be identical to those of this Warrant, except that such warrant shall be exercisable into the number of shares of Other
Shares of Common Stock that would have been payable to the Holder pursuant to the Distribution had the Holder exercised this Warrant
immediately prior to such record date and with an aggregate exercise price equal to the product of the amount by which the exercise price
of this Warrant was decreased with respect to the Distribution pursuant to the terms of the immediately preceding clause (i) and the
number of Warrant Shares calculated in accordance with the first part of this clause (ii). 

(b)
 Anti-Dilution Adjustments to Exercise Price . If the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, as applicable, at any time while this Warrant
is outstanding, shall sell or grant any option to purchase, or sell or grant any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or
announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock or securities entitling any person or
entity to acquire shares of Common Stock (upon conversion, exercise or otherwise) (including but not limited to the price at which Common
Stock is issuable under the Note), at an effective price per share less than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the Base
Share Price and such issuances collectively, a Dilutive Issuance (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, elimination of an applicable floor price
for any reason in the future (including but not limited to the passage of time or satisfaction of certain condition(s)), reset provisions,
floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection
with such issuance, be entitled or potentially entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share which is less
than the Exercise Price at any time while such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are in existence, such issuance shall be deemed
to have occurred for less than the Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance (regardless of whether the Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive Issuance or (ii) actually converted
or exercised at such Base Share Price), then the Exercise Price shall be reduced at the option of the Holder and only reduced to equal
the Base Share Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued, regardless of
whether the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are (i) subsequently redeemed or retired by the Company after the date of the Dilutive
Issuance or (ii) actually converted or exercised at such Base Share Price by the holder thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, the Holder
may utilize the Base Share Price even if the Company did not actually issue shares of its common stock at the Base Share Price under
the respective Common stock Equivalents). The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the
issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 2(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance
price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice the Dilutive Issuance
Notice ). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b),
upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to the Base Share Price
regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Share Price in the Notice of Exercise. 

Subdivision
or Combination of Common Stock . If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date subdivides (by any stock split, stock dividend,
recapitalization or otherwise) one or more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares, the Exercise
Price in effect immediately prior to such subdivision will be proportionately reduced and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately
increased. If the Company at any time on or after the Issuance Date combines (by combination, reverse stock split or otherwise) one or
more classes of its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior
to such combination will be proportionately increased and the number of Warrant Shares will be proportionately decreased. Any adjustment
under this Section 2(c) shall become effective at the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes effective.
Each such adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be calculated to the nearest one-hundredth of a cent. Such adjustment shall be made
successively whenever any event covered by this Section 2(c) shall occur. 

4 

Form of Warrant 

3.
 FUNDAMENTAL TRANSACTIONS . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company effects any merger of the Company
with or into another entity and the Company is not the surviving entity (such surviving entity, the Successor Entity ),
(ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or by another individual or entity, and approved by the Company) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities, cash or property
and the holders of at least 50 of the Common Stock accept such offer, or (iv) the Company effects any reclassification of the Common
Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities,
cash or property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination of shares of Common Stock) (in any such case, a Fundamental
Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive the number of shares
of Common Stock of the Successor Entity or of the Company and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of
the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event (disregarding any limitation
on exercise contained herein solely for the purpose of such determination). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the
Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration
issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price
among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration.
If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then
the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such
Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any Successor Entity in such Fundamental Transaction
shall issue to the Holder a new warrant consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holder s right to exercise
such warrant into Alternate Consideration. 

4.
 NON-CIRCUMVENTION . The Company covenants and agrees that it will not, by amendment of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement, dissolution, issue or sale of securities,
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, and will at
all times in good faith carry out all the provisions of this Warrant and take all action as may be required to protect the rights of
the Holder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) shall not increase the par value of any shares of Common
Stock receivable upon the exercise of this Warrant above the Exercise Price then in effect, (ii) shall take all such actions as may be
necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
upon the exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) shall, for so long as this Warrant is outstanding, have authorized and reserved, free from
preemptive rights, one and a half (1.5) times the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Warrants are then exercisable into
to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise). 

5.
 WARRANT HOLDER NOT DEEMED A STOCKHOLDER . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this Warrant, in and of itself, shall
not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company. In addition, nothing contained in this Warrant
shall be construed as imposing any liabilities on the Holder to purchase any securities (upon exercise of this Warrant or otherwise)
or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liabilities are asserted by the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

5 

Form of Warrant 

6.
 REISSUANCE . 

(a)
 Lost, Stolen or Mutilated Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company will, on such terms as
to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof),
issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. 

(b)
 Issuance of New Warrants . Whenever the Company is required to issue a new Warrant pursuant to the terms of this Warrant, such
new Warrant shall be of like tenor with this Warrant, and shall have an issuance date, as indicated on the face of such new Warrant which
is the same as the Issuance Date. 

7.
 TRANSFER . This Warrant shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns and shall inure to be the benefit of the
Holder and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the rights, interests or obligations of the Company
hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the Company without the prior signed written
consent of the Holder, which consent may be withheld at the sole discretion of the Holder (any such assignment or transfer shall be null
and void if the Company does not obtain the prior signed written consent of the Holder). This Warrant or any of the severable rights
and obligations inuring to the benefit of or to be performed by Holder hereunder may be assigned by Holder to a third party, in whole
or in part, without the need to obtain the Company s consent thereto. 

8.
 NOTICES . Whenever notice is required to be given under this Warrant, unless otherwise provided herein, such notice shall be given
in accordance with the notice provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement. The Company shall provide the Holder with prompt written
notice (i) immediately upon any adjustment of the Exercise Price, setting forth in reasonable detail, the calculation of such adjustment
and (ii) at least 20 days prior to the date on which the Company closes its books or takes a record (A) with respect to any dividend
or distribution upon the shares of Common Stock, (B) with respect to any grants, issuances or sales of any stock or other securities
directly or indirectly convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or other property, pro rata to the
holders of shares of Common Stock or (C) for determining rights to vote with respect to any Fundamental Transaction, dissolution or liquidation,
provided in each case that such information shall be made known to the public prior to or in conjunction with such notice being provided
to the Holder. 

9.
 AMENDMENT AND WAIVER . The terms of this Warrant may be amended or waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either
retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

10.
 GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE . This Warrant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated
by this Warrant shall be brought only in the state courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or federal courts located in Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. The parties to this Warrant hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted
hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens . EACH
PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE
HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT ENTERED INTO IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER TRANSACTION
DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party
its reasonable attorney s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of this Warrant or any other agreement delivered in connection
herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to
the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision
which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any
agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any suit, action
or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement
and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall
be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 

6 

Form of Warrant 

11.
 PIGGYBACK REGISTRATION RIGHTS . The Company hereby grants to the Buyer the registration rights set forth on Exhibit D hereto. 

12.
 ACCEPTANCE . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

13.
 CERTAIN DEFINITIONS . For purposes of this Warrant, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)
 Nasdaq means www.Nasdaq.com. 

(b)
 Closing Sale Price means, for any security as of any date, (i) the last closing trade price for such security on
the Principal Market, as reported by Nasdaq, or, if the Principal Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does not designate
the closing trade price, then the last trade price of such security prior to 4:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Nasdaq, or (ii)
if the foregoing does not apply, the last trade price of such security in the over-the-counter market for such security as reported by
Nasdaq, or (iii) if no last trade price is reported for such security by Nasdaq, the average of the bid and ask prices of any market
makers for such security as reported by the OTC Markets. If the Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular
date on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined
by the Company and the Holder. All such determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination
or other similar transaction during the applicable calculation period. 

(c)
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, and any other class of securities into which such securities
may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

(d)
 Common Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company that would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at
any time Common Stock, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

(e)
[Intentionally Omitted]. 

(f)
 Person and Persons means an individual, a limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture,
a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization, any other entity and any governmental entity or any department or agency thereof. 

(g)
 Principal Market means the primary national securities exchange on which the Common Stock is then traded. 

(h)
 Market Price means the highest traded price of the Common Stock during the one hundred fifty Trading Days prior
to the date of the respective Exercise Notice. 

(i)
 Trading Day means (i) any day on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and traded on its Principal Market,
(ii) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted and traded on any national securities exchange, then a day on which trading occurs
on any over-the-counter markets, or (iii) if trading does not occur on the over-the-counter markets, any Business Day. 

7 

Form of Warrant 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed as of the Issuance Date set forth above. 

GZ6G Technologies
 Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
William Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Name: 
 William Coleman Smith, Jr. 

Title: 
 CEO 

8 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
B 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

(To
be executed by the registered holder to exercise this Common Stock Purchase Warrant) 

THE
UNDERSIGNED holder hereby exercises the right to purchase of the shares of Common Stock Warrant Shares of GZ6G Technologies
Corp., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), evidenced by the attached copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant (the Warrant ).
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Warrant. 

1. Form
 of Exercise Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made
 as (check one): 

a
 cash exercise with respect to Warrant Shares; or 

by
 cashless exercise pursuant to the Warrant. 

2. Payment
 of Exercise Price . If cash exercise is selected above, the holder shall pay the applicable
 Aggregate Exercise Price in the sum of ____________________ to the Company in accordance with the terms of
 the Warrant. 

3. Delivery
 of Warrant Shares . The Company shall deliver to the holder ____________________ Warrant Shares in accordance
 with the terms of the Warrant. 

Date: 

(Print Name of
 Registered Holder) 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

9 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
C 

ASSIGNMENT
OF WARRANT 

(To
be signed only upon authorized transfer of the Warrant) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto the right to purchase ____________________ shares of common
stock of GZ6G Technologies Corp., to which the within Common Stock Purchase Warrant relates and appoints ____________________, as attorney-in-fact,
to transfer said right on the books of GZ6G Technologies Corp. with full power of substitution and re-substitution in the premises. By
accepting such transfer, the transferee has agreed to be bound in all respects by the terms and conditions of the within Warrant. 

Dated: 

(Signature) 

(Name) 

(Address) 

(Social Security or Tax Identification No.) 

The
 signature on this Assignment of Warrant must correspond to the name as written upon the face
 of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in every particular without alteration or enlargement
 or any change whatsoever. When signing on behalf of a corporation, partnership, trust, or
 other entity, please indicate your position(s) and title(s) with such entity. 

10 

Form of Warrant 

EXHIBIT
D 

REGISTRATION
RIGHTS 

All
of the shares into which the Warrant is exercisable into will be deemed Registrable Securities subject to the provisions
of this Exhibit C. 

1. Piggy-Back
 Registration. 

1.1
Piggy-Back Rights. If at any time on or after the date of the Closing the Company proposes to file any Registration Statement under the
1933 Act (a Registration Statement with respect to any offering of equity securities, or securities or other obligations
exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or for shareholders of the
Company for their account (or by the Company and by shareholders of the Company), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in connection
with any employee stock option or other benefit plan on Form S-8, (ii) for a dividend reinvestment plan or (iii) in connection with a
merger or acquisition, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed filing to the holders of Registrable Securities
appearing on the books and records of the Company as such a holder as soon as practicable but in no event less than ten (10) days before
the anticipated filing date of the Registration Statement, which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be included
in such Registration Statement, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the name of the proposed managing underwriter or underwriters,
if any, of the offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such notice the opportunity to register the sale of
such number of Registrable Securities as such holders may request in writing within three (3) days following receipt of such notice (a
 Piggy-Back Registration ). The Company shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration and shall
cause the managing underwriter or underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable Securities requested to
be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to permit the
sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders
of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through a Piggy- Back Registration that involves an underwriter or
underwriters shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back
Registration. 

1.2
Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to withdraw such holder s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities
in any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant
to written contractual obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the effectiveness of such Registration
Statement. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all expenses incurred by the holders of Registrable Securities
in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as provided in Section 1.5 below. 

1.3
The Company shall notify the holders of Registrable Securities at any time when a prospectus relating to such holder s Registrable
Securities is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act, upon discovery that, or upon the happening of any event as a result of which,
the prospectus included in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to
state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances
then existing. At the request of such holder, the Company shall also prepare, file and furnish to such holder a reasonable number of
copies of a supplement to or an amendment of such prospectus as may be necessary so that, as thereafter delivered to the purchasers of
the Registrable Securities, such prospectus shall not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in light of the circumstances then existing.
The holders of Registrable Securities shall not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement after
receipt of such notification until the receipt of such supplement or amendment. 

11 

Form of Warrant 

1.4
The Company may request a holder of Registrable Securities to furnish the Company such information with respect to such holder and such
holder s proposed distribution of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement as the Company may from time
to time reasonably request in writing or as shall be required by law or by the SEC in connection therewith, and such holders shall furnish
the Company with such information. 

1.5
All fees and expenses incident to the performance of or compliance with this Exhibit D by the Company shall be borne by the Company whether
or not any Registrable Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement. The fees and expenses referred to in the foregoing sentence
shall include, without limitation, (i) all registration and filing fees (including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Company s
counsel and independent registered public accountants) (A) with respect to filings made with the SEC, (B) with respect to filings required
to be made with any trading market on which the Common Stock is then listed for trading, (C) in compliance with applicable state securities
or Blue Sky laws reasonably agreed to by the Company in writing (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company in connection with Blue Sky qualifications or exemptions of the Registrable Securities) and (D) with respect to any filing
that may be required to be made by any broker through which a holder of Registrable Securities intends to make sales of Registrable Securities
with the FINRA, (ii) printing expenses, (iii) messenger, telephone and delivery expenses, (iv) fees and disbursements of counsel for
the Company, (v) 1933 Act liability insurance, if the Company so desires such insurance, (vi) fees and expenses of all other persons
or entities retained by the Company in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D and (vii)
reasonable fees and disbursements of a single special counsel for the holders of Registrable Securities (selected by holders of the majority
of the Registrable Securities requesting such registration). In addition, the Company shall be responsible for all of its internal expenses
incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, all salaries
and expenses of its officers and employees performing legal or accounting duties), the expense of any annual audit and the fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable Securities on any securities exchange as required hereunder. In no event shall
the Company be responsible for any broker or similar commissions of any holder of Registrable Securities. 

1.6
The Company and its successors and assigns shall indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer, each holder of Registrable Securities, the officers,
directors, members, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with a functionally equivalent role of a person
holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each of them, each individual or entity who controls
the Buyer or any such holder of Registrable Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the 1933 Act or Section 20 of the
1934 Act) and the officers, directors, members, stockholders, partners, agents and employees (and any other individuals or entities with
a functionally equivalent role of a person holding such titles, notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of each such
controlling individual or entity (each, an Indemnified Party ), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees)
and expenses (collectively, Losses ), as incurred, arising out of or relating to (1) any untrue or alleged untrue statement
of a material fact contained in a Registration Statement, any related prospectus or any form of prospectus or in any amendment or supplement
thereto or in any preliminary prospectus, or arising out of or relating to any omission or alleged omission of a material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein (in the case of any such prospectus or supplement thereto, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made) not misleading or (2) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933
Act, the 1934 Act or any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder, in connection with the performance of its obligations
under this Exhibit D, except to the extent, but only to the extent, that (i) such untrue statements or omissions are based upon information
regarding the Buyer or such holder of Registrable Securities furnished to the Company by such party for use therein. The Company shall
notify the Buyer and each holder of Registrable Securities promptly of the institution, threat or assertion of any proceeding arising
from or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Exhibit D of which the Company is aware. 

12 

Form of Warrant 

1.7
If the indemnification under Section 1.6 is unavailable to an Indemnified Party or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless
for any Losses, then the Company shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party, in such proportion as is appropriate
to reflect the relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party in connection with the actions, statements or omissions that resulted
in such Losses as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of the Company and Indemnified Party shall
be determined by reference to, among other things, whether any action in question, including any untrue or alleged untrue statement of
a material fact or omission or alleged omission of a material fact, has been taken or made by, or relates to information supplied by,
the Company or the Indemnified Party, and the parties relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct
or prevent such action, statement or omission. The amount paid or payable by a party as a result of any Losses shall be deemed to include
any reasonable attorneys or other fees or expenses incurred by such party in connection with any proceeding to the extent such
party would have been indemnified for such fees or expenses if the indemnification provided for in Section 1.6 was available to
such party in accordance with its terms. It is agreed that it would not be just and equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 1.7
were determined by pro rata allocation or by any other method of allocation that does not take into account the equitable considerations
referred to in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.7, neither the Buyer nor any
holder of Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute, in the aggregate, any amount in excess of the amount by which the net
proceeds actually received by such party from the sale of all of their Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement
or related prospectus exceeds the amount of any damages that such party has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. 

[End
of Exhibit D] 

13 

</EX-10.72>

<EX-21>
 18
 f10kex21_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit
21 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Green
Zebra Media Corp. 60 controlled 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 19
 f10kex31_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-31

Exhibit
31 

Certification
Pursuant to pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the 

 Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

I,
William Coleman Smith, (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of GZ6G Technologies Corp. (the Company) 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report 

4. 
 As
 the registrant s certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15-d-15 (f) for the registrant and I have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
 by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting. 

5. 
 As
 the registrant s certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent function): 

a) 
 all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information 
 and 

b) 
 any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 William Coleman Smith 

William
 Coleman Smith 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 20
 f10kex32_gz6gtechno.htm
 EX-32

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned, William Coleman Smith, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer) of GZ6G Technologies Corp. (the Company ), certifies, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350) that, to his knowledge, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022 (the Report ): 

(1) 
 fully
 complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

(2) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Company. 

By: 
 /s/William
 Coleman Smith 

William
 Coleman Smith 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 April 17, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 26
 gzic-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 28
 gzic-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 29
 gzic-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 30
 gzic-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

